JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 16th, 1699,

In the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

King WILLIAM the Third,

TO

May the 25th, 1702,

In the First Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

---

Lunce, 31* Die Mail, 1742.

Resolved,

That all the Books of the Proceedings, or, Journals of the House of Commons, now in the Custody of the Clerk of the said House, and commencing with the Book called Seymour, which begins with the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, be printed.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

The King's Speech reported.

Jovis, 16* die Novembris;

11* Gulielmi Tertii, Annoque Domini 1699.

Message to at tend the King.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Mr. distort. Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Peers.

A'

the Funds, formerly applied to defray the publick Expence, are now anticipated for Payment of the Debts of the Kingdom; so it is my Satisfaction, that you all see, that nothing of what is demanded is for any personal Use of mine: And I do faithfully assure you, that no Part of what is given, shall be diverted from any Purpose for which it is designed.

I believe the Nation is already sensible of the good

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Effects of Peace, by the manifest Increase of Trade; which

I shall make it my Business to encourage by all Means

to atteiid his Majesty:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; but that the Noise was great, and his Majesty's Voice low; and therefore he had desired and obtained a Cdpy thereof, to prevent any Mistakes therein: Which he read, and is as followeth; viz.

my business to encourage by in my Power: Probably it might receive an Advantage, if some good Bill were prepared for the more effectual preventing and punishing unlawful and clandestine Trade-ing; which does not only tend to defraud the Publick, but prejudices the fair Merchant, and discourages our own Manufactures.

The Increase of the Poor is become a Burden to the Kingdom; and their loose and idle Life does, in some measure, contribute to that Depravation of Manners, which is complained of, I fear, with too much Reason: Whether the Ground of this Evil be from Defects in the

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I hope you will not think I have called you out of your Countries too soon, if you consider, that our common Security requires a farther Provision should be made Laws already made, or in the Execution of them, deserves for the safety of the Kingdom by Sea and Land, before your Consideration: As it is an indispensable Duty, that we are at the End of what was granted for that Purpose the Poor, who are not able to help themselves, should be the last Session.: And, w hen you enter upon this Business, maintained; so I cannot but think it extremely desirable, I believe you will think it necessary to take care of the that such as are able and willing, should not want Em-Repairs of the Ships, and of the Fortifications; without ployment; and such as are obstinate and unwilling, should which,.our Fleet cannot be safe, when it is in Harbour. be compelled to labour.

I cannot omit to put you in mind of another Matter, My Lords and Gentlemen,

in which so great a Number of my Subjects is concerned, , r 11 a r«u a c

and wherein the Honour of the Kingdom, and the Faith p 1 lTe "J" 1 ‘ f"* of

of Parliaments, is so for engaged, that our future Security; " h'C' shall, ^eavour !°£ a

7 stant care of their just Rights and Liberties; by main-

-- - t^)cn( ul)on 1 mean, 1 ma ing goo e taining the established Religion; by seeing the Course of

lessening the m.

While I am speaking to you on this Head, I think myself obliged to mention, with a very particular Concern, a Debt which is ow ing to the Prince of Denmark; the Stale whereof I have ordered to be laid before you.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

These Things are of such Importance, that I mustear-

suaded, that you are come together with Purposes on your Part suitable to these on mine. Since then our Aims are only for the general Good, let us act with Confidence in one another; which will not fail, by God's Blessing, to make me a happy King, and you a great and flourishing People.

, . Afterwards, a Bill against the corrupt Mixing and Sophistical-

uestiy recommend them to your Consideration, and desire SopllisUcating of win*? was read the first time* and iagWW

you to provide the necessary Supplies. . orjered ,0 a Second iime.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

There is nothing I should more rejoice in, than that I Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Grad Coat-were not under the Necessity of so often asking Aids of sit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House. mitue.

my People: But as the Reason of it is evident, because Vol. 13. B Ordered,

2 16° Novembris. A. 1699.

Grand Com- Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances

mittees. do sit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Friday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections of Privileges, be appointed of Sir Rowland Guy tin, Sir Henry Johnson, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Champnyes, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Lord Coningsby, Sir /Pb*. C00A:, Sir 7 % o. Grosvenor, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Travers, Sir Ja. Houblon, Sir 77/0. C00A*, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Harcourt. Sir Steph. Lenard, Sir#7/;?. Filters, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Barnardiston, Sir Ozm/ Buckingham, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Bo/les, Mr Conyers, Nr. Newport, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Whitchcott, Sir jFra. Blake, Mr. Brewer> Sir Jo/;? Phillips, Mr. Bridges, Sit Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Ashui'st, Sir Barth. Shmcer, Mr. Mount ague, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Loxcther, Mv. Rider, Mr. Clark, Sir Henry Ashui'st, Mr. Price, Mr. Mitchell, Sir JVm. Brmmlow, Mr. Fownes, Mr. Bertie, Mr. A/bor, Mr. Smith, Colonel Wharton, Mr Compton, Sir Cha. Sid ley, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Sayer, Mr. Mountstecen, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Hare, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Chase, Sir 77/0. Davall, Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Sir#7/;/. Drake, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Carter, Sir John Garrat, Mr. Scobell, Mr. /for, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Miibank, Mr. Henly, Lord Cornbury: And they are to meet upon Wednesday next, at Four it Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers; and to meet every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Place before-mentioned: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First Place; and to report Their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return that shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during th6 Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit but Two Counsel of a Side to be heard in any Cause before them.

Usual Resolved, That no Person be taken into the Custody of

Orders. the Serjeant at Arms, upon any Complaint of Breach of Privilege, until the Matter of such Complaint hath been examined by the Committee of Privileges, and reported to the House.

Resolved, That no Member have Privilege of Parliament in any Cause, where . % is only a Trustee.

Newark A Petition of John Rayner Esquire, was presented to the

Election. House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses so serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark in the County of Nottingham, the Petitioner with James Saunderson Esquire, were duly elected to serve for the said Borough; but many illegal Practices were used by Edward Hobson the then Mayor, and se veral others, who refused to poll several qualified Persons, who would have voted for the Petitioner; and polled several unqualified Persons for Sir Francis Molyneux,

whom the Mayor hath returned with the said Mr. Saun-derson, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice and Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the said Borough Newark paying Scotland Lot, on behalf of themselves, and divers Election, otiiers, was presented to the House, and read; setting" forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for Newark in the County of Nottingham,

James Saunderson Esquire, Sir Francis Molineux, and John Rayner Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Majority of qualified Voters appeared, and demanded to poll, for John Rayner Esquire, who ought to have been returned with the said Air. Saunderson; but Edward Hobson the Mayor, with divers others, used many undue Practices, by polling unqualified Voters for Sir Francis Molyneux, and refusing those that were qualified, and demanded to poll for Mr. Rayner; and hath returned Mr. Molineux with Mr. Saunderson, in Violation of the Rights of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and in Wrong to the said Mr. Rayner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report die same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants within the St. lyes Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, w as pre- ^iection-sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Burgesses to serve in Parliament were, Time out of Mind, chosen for the said Borough by such of its Inhabitants.as were of full Age, and did not receive Alms; and, at the last Election of Burgesses, the Petitioners, and divers other qualified Voters, appeared, and demanded to be polled, for Sir Henry Hubbert Baronet; but the Mayor of the said Borough arbitrarily refused to let them be polled; and declared, That, by virtue of the late King Janies s Charter, the Right of Election was solely in the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants; and that none should be polled, but those that voted under that Charter: And thereupon he hath illegally returned Sir'

Charles Wyndham to be One of the said Burgesses, in manifest Wrong to the ancient Rights of the Petitioners:

.0 3

And praying, That such Justice may be done them, a§ the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Dmicomb and Thomas Bromsall Bedford Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting ^lecllon* forth, That, at the last Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bedford, the Lord Edward Russell and Sir JVm. Gostwick were returned to serve, by reason that Votes were procured for them by Entertainments, and other indirect Means; and for that many Freeholders, who had Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioners, were denied to be polled by the Sheriff, and his Officers, in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Monckton Esquire, was presented Pontefract to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, was duly chosen One of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract in the County of York, and ought to have been returned with Sir John

Bland;

IW. III. 16° Novembris.

Stand; but John Bright Esquire, by illegal Practices, hath procured himself to he returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

trough A Petition of Christopher Tankard Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner had been chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Alborough in the County of York, had it not been for notorious Bribery and Menaces before, at, and since the Election, as he doubts not to prove: And praying the Justice of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

to A Petition of William Fitch Esquire, was presented to to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Malden in Essex, Sir Eliah Harvey, Irby Mount a gut Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and most of the legal Voters were lor the Petitioner; but, by undue Practices, the Bailiffs of the said Borough have returned Mr. Mountague, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Bops A Petition of Sir Gilbert Gcrrctrd Baronet, was prefer sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle in the County of Salop, the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Voices; yet, in an arbitrary Manner, and contrary to the ancient Custom of the Borough, Sir fVm. Browntow was unduly returned; which, with other illegal Practices, afe in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordmd, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

j^r(] A Petition of EdmundSoame Esquire, was presented to lka», the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election of BuFgesses for Thetfordin the County of Norfolk, Sir Joseph Williamson, and the Petitioner, had the Majority of qualified Electors; but the Mayor of Thetford refused several qualified Voters, and admitted others unqualified to poll for James Sloane Esquire, who hath procured himself to he returned; and many other illegal Practices were used at the said Election, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and William J08, Johnson Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 28th of July lb'pS, the Petitioners were duly chosen Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford in the County of Suffolk; but Sir Tho. Felton and Sir Cha. Hedges have procured themselves to he returned, though they were neitlierduly chosen, nor duty returned: And praying the Yoj* 13.

House to appoint some short Day for hearing the Matter of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William CuUiford Esquire, was presented Corse Castle to the House, and read; setting forth, That, a late Election. Election for a Burgess to serve in Parliament for Corse Castle, in the County of Doi'set, being declared void as to /iichard Femmes Esquire, and the Petitioner, a new Writ issued for another Ejection, and they again stood Candidates; but Henry Dackombe, the Mayor, openly declared himself in favour of Mr. Founts, and arbitrarily refused to poll for the Petitioner many legal Voters, and admitted several Persons to poll for Mr. femmes who had no right to vote; yet, notwithstanding such indirect Practices, the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, the Majority appearing upon casting up of the Poll; but the said Mayor declared he would return Mr. Femmes, for all that: Nor could the Petitioner prevail with the Mayor to enter upon a Scrutiny of those which were queried, and agreed to be examined after the Poll; but, in manifest Breach of his Trust, and Prejudice of the Petitioner, he proclaimed Mr. Fozvnes as duly elected: And praying the Justice and Equity of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of several of the Magistrates, Burgesses, and Ditta. Inhabitants, of the said Borough of Corse Cetstle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, a new Writ issuing for electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of William Cull ford Esquire, whose late Election, in Competition with Richard Fozvnes Esquire, was adjudged void, the said Mr. CuUiford and Mr. Fencnes stood Candidates again:

But the Mayor, resolving, right or wrong, to carry on the Election for Mr. Fownts, did not only refuse to poll a great Number of legal Electors for Mr. Culliford, who were admitted in all former Elections; but admitted others to poll for Mr. Fownes, who had no Right, and never were polled before: And though the Petitioners often desired the Mayor to proceed in this as in former Elections, yet he would not; but arbitrarily carried 011 the Election in behalf of Mr. Femmes, without the least Regard to the Peoples Right; and yet Mr. CuUiford had a much greater Number of good Votes; but the said Mayor peremptorily declared Mr. Fozvnes as duty elected, and has returned him, in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, which are in Danger of being totally subverted, as to Elections, without the Relief of this House:

And praying their Consideration in the Premises; and that the said Mayor may be brought to answer such hb illegal Practices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Weston Esquire, was presented to Guilford the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election. Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Guilford, Morgan Randyli Esquire, and the Petitioner, w ere duly chosen; but the then Mayor of the said Borough hath wrongfully returned Foot OnslczO Esquire, with Mr. Randyli; and refused to poll several Persons for the Petitioner, though he admitted others, under the same Qualifications, to poll for Mr. Onslow; and, in several other Instances, the Mayor was highly partial: And praying the Consideration' of the House in the Premists.

Ordered,

Fowey

Election.

Dun wick Election.

Great

Bedwyn

Election.

4

16° Novembris. A. 1699.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, flith their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Shadrack Vincent Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Fowey in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner stood a Candidate, and ought to have been returned a Burgess; because a great Majority of the legal Voters appeared and voted for him: But Jonathan Tincomb, Port-reve of the said Borough, arbitrarily, and contrary to the ancient Rights of the said Borough, refused to poll the Petitioner's Voices, who had almost all the qualified Voters; and wrongfully returned Sir Bevil Grenville, and Thomas Vivian Esquire; declaring he would not return the Petitioner, though he had never so many Voices; but that he would return Sir Bevil Grenville, if he had but Four: And the Portreve being told, That the Petitioner might recover Damages against him for such his false Return, answered, That he hoped to get 500l. by the Bargain, and would not return the Petitioner, though the Majority signed and sealed an Indenture for returning him as One of their Burgesses; and many other ill Practices were used in behalf of the sitting Members: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Henry Johnson Knight, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich in Suffolk, the Petitioner was duly chosen by a Majority of legal Electors; but Sir Robert Rich, and Henry Hevcningham Esquire, by divers corrupt Practices in procuring unqualified Votes for themselves, and procuring the Bailiffs and Recorder to refuse divers qualified Voters for the Petitioner, have gotten themselves to be returned, and refused a Scrutiny of the Polls, whereby the Truth of the Matter might appear: And praying, That a short Day may be appointed for hearing the Matter of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Neale Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for Great Beduyn in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner, and Charles Davenant, and others, stood as Candidates; and many indirect Means were used by Mr. Davenant, and his Agents, to gain Votes for him; otherwise the Petitioner had had the Majority against him, or any other of the Candidates; and the Petitioner ought to have been returned as One of the said Burgesses: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

elected, though they were demanded so to do by the Petitioner, and the Electors; and, in another County, by 1

themselves alone, signed a Return for the said Mr. Stratford, contrary to their Duty, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, and the antient Rights and Constitution of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and speedy Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Great Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elect- Grimsby ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the "rit* Borough of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincolne, in the room of Sir Edu ard Ayscoghe Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Oxford W Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxon, in the room of Mount ague Lord Norres, now Earl of Abhigton, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Glamorga Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elect- Writ, ing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of Bussy Mansell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the st.Germa Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new' Writ, for the elect- Writ. . ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Tanner Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the NewcastL Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the u,)der Lin electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for 'Vnt* the Borough of Newcastle under Line in the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir Thomas Bellott Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Salop Wri the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Salop, in the room of Edward Kinaston Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the room of the Honourable Robert Grevill Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Nottingk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Nottingham in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Richard Slater Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bridgwat the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset, in the room of Roger Hoar Esquire, deceased.

Newport A Petition of John Prideaux Esquire, was presented Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, and Francis Stratford Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of Three-and-thirty Voices, duly Qualified; notwithstanding which, the Voy-anders, who, with the Freeholders and Inhabitants who ought to make the Return, withdrew themselves from the said Borough, without making any Declaration who was v

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se- King'sSp vennight, take into Consideration his Majesty's gracious to be cob Speech this Day made to both Houses of Parliament. sidered.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Employi of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and the Pool setting them on Work.

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Sir John Phillips, Sir Cha. Hotharn, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Cottoji3 Sir Walter Young, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

diamond.

n W. III. 16° — 24° Novembris.

5

Hamond, Sir John Fleet, Sir Jiw/o? Houblofi, Sir /SFro.

Mr. Hopkins, Sir /0/wiMes, Sir Henry Parker, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hailey, Mr. C/arA, Sir /fan. fe-j»er, Mr. Conyers, Sir JR/cA. Onslow, Mr. Dormer, Sir J&7/7A. iSAwer, Mr. Nezcport, Mr. J^foor, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Carter, Mr. Cooper, Lord Ranelagh, Mr, Bullock, Sir /Fro. Fillers, Mr. Blathwail, Mr. Fer-Dr. Daxenant, Mr. 7J/wey, Mr. Ftf/e*; and all that lerve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Gloucester, Wilts, and Yorkshire: And all that come to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of the Acts relating to the Poor; and of the Repealing the same, and reducing the same into One Law: And also, That they have Power to receive Proposals for the Purposes aforesaid; and to sit de die in diem.

Pwrnitiott Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in' a Bill for rflimbtr. the Increase and better Preservation of Timber: And that Sir Rowland Gwynne do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Prating the Ordered, That the Votes of the House be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do peruse the same, and appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other do presume to print the same, but such as he shall appoint.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, Eight a Clock in the Morning.

be referred to the Committee <5f Privileges and Eiections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to thp House.

A Petition of Sir Alexander Rigby Knight, was presented Wigan to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Elation. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan in the County of Lancaster, the Petitioner, Sir Roger Bradshazv, and Orlando Bridgman Esquire, stood Candidates; when, and before, many undue Practices were made use of by Sir Roger and Mr. Bridgman, or their Agents, as, inter a", the making Persons free after the Proclamation for dissolving the last Parliament, who were Strangers to the Town, and many of them dwelling in other Counties, on purpose to vote for them; and denying others their Freedom who were of the Corporation, and had a Right, and claimed the same, bccauseHhey would vote for the Petitioner; and yet the Petitioner, on casting up the Poll, had the Majority, and ought to have been returned; but the Mayor of the said Borough hath returned the said Sir Roger Bradshaw, or Mr. Bridgman, in Wrong to the Petitioner:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof;'and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Veneris, 24° die Novembris; ii* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Lfag A P ET IT 10 N of Sir Thomas Stamp, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, the Petitioner, Sir Owen Buckingham, John Dalby Esquire, and others, stood Candidates; who severally appointed a Person to give Notice of such as they conceived had no Right to poll, in order, if polled, to be queried and examined: But Thomas Oades, then Mayor of Reading, forbid Edward Winchip, appointed by the Petitioner, to give such Notice, and several times threatened to strike him if he did; which deterred Winchip from giving Notice, and many were polled who had no right: Whereupon the Petitioner demanded a Scrutiny, but the Mayor would allow him but Two Hours time to refresh, and procure Friends to assist j«>the Scrutiny, although 1340 Persons were polled; and the Petitioner, and his Friends, earnest the Time and Place by the Mayor appointed; but, before that, he had declared the Election for Sir Owen Buckingham and Mr. Dalby, without any Scrutiny; That Mr. Dalby, by Promises and Threats, procured himself to be returned, though the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Harries Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Mazres in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, and Hugh Foriescue Esquire, were duly chosen by the greater N umber of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Borough, who have the Right of Election; notwithstanding which, the Portreve of the said Borough hath returned, That Sir Joseph Tredenham and John 7redenham Esquire, were chosen Burgesses: And praying Redress in the said Matter by the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Vox,. 13.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Skipzcith Baronet, was pre- Malmesbury sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at Election, the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Par- . liament for the Borough of Malmesbury in the County of Wilts, Mr. Michael Weeks and Mr. Edward Pansjord, by divers illegal and corrupt Practices of William Ady, an Officer of the said Borough, and other their Agents, procured themselves to be returned as Members to serve for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner's Right: And praying the House to examine the Matter, and do the Petitioner such Justice as shall be thought fit.

In relation whereunto the Reports and Resolutions of the last Session were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and they to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Blackwell-the more effectual executing of an Act of Parliament, £lolh made in the 8th and 9th Year of his present Majesty, in- € tituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hatt to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there:

And that Mr. Eyre, Sir Richard Cocks, and Mr. Hqw, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Impartial the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament:

And that Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Rozvney do prepare, and ment> bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Defective the general Quiet of the Subject, against all Pretences of Tltles-Concealments, Encroachments, and other defective Titles: And that Sir Richard Cocks and Mr. Thursby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ease of the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts: And that Sherifl*' Mr. Harley and Mr. How do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Doors of the Speaker's Chambers Usual be locked up every Day at the Sitting of the House > au<jl the Keys brought in, andjaid upon the Table.

Ordered, That all Proceedings upon private Business do cease, and be adjourned, every Day at Eleven a Clock.

C Ordered,

6

24* — 270 Novetfibris\ 1699.

Usual Ordered, That these b6 Three t)ays between the several

Orders. Readings of all private Bills.

Ordered, That no private Bill be brought into this House, but upon a Petition setting forth the Suggestions and Reasons for the same.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee, upon the Report of every private Bill, db acquaint the House, Whether the Allegations of the Bill have been examined, and the Parties concerned have given their Consents to the Satisfaction of the Committee.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee for any private Bill do not sit thereupon, without a Weeks publick Notice thereof set up in the Lobby.

King's The House* according to the Order of the Day, pro-

Speech con- ceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most sidled. gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, the Sixteenth Instant.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved\ Nemine contradicente, That the House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty's most gracious Speech.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges. Elections be adjourned till Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 27* die Novembris; 11# Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Jeffry Jeffreyes Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth* That, at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon in the County of Brecon, the Petitioner, and Tho. Morgan Esquire, stood Candidates; and many illegal Practices were used by Hozvell Jones Esquire, Bailiff* of the said Borough, in Behalf of Mr. Morgan, whom he hath returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House for the last Session, What was done upon the Petition of John Goodall, and other Petitions, relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the Ki?igs-Bench and Fleet; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Air. Carter, Sir William Cowper, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hamond, Sir Sam* Barnardiston, Mr. Dryden, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Harley, Mr. Stringer, Sir JVm. Cook, Sir John Axvbiy, Mr. Offley, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Cotton, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Scobell, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir !Vm. Fillers, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Morgan, Lord Fairfax, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Barnardiston, Sir Jo. Packington, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lowther; or any Five of them: And they are to meet upon Wednesday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chambers.

Mitchell

Election.

Ditto.

St Mawes Election.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Antony Row Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Portreve of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, hath unduly returned Sir John Hawks, as a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, who had a great Majority of legal Votes: And praying such Relief, as may be consistent with the Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Richard Blackham Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall] but, by reason of divers illegal Practices, Frederick Vincent the Portreve, contrary to the Custom of the said Borough, hath returned Sir John Hawks and John Pvcey Esquire, as chosen Burgesses, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House,

A Petition of Hugh Fortescue Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saint Marxes in the County of Cornwall, was always in the Freeholders and Inhabitants thereof; by the greater Number whereof, the Petitioner, and Sir John Hawks, were duly elected to serve in this present Parliament; but the Portreeve of the said Borough returned, That Sir Joseph Tredenham, and John Tredenh(jtm Esquire, were, chosen Burgesses: And praying the Redress of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Entries of the Journals, and what has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool, and for the Encouraging the Woollen Manufacture; and to report the same, with their Opinions of what may be further necessary to be done.

And it is referred to Air. Harley, Sir Francis Windham, Mr. Jervois, Colonel Granvilk, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. England, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Blake, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Carter, Mr. Hancock, Lord Hartington, Mr. Duncomb, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Duke; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Dorsett, and York; or any Five of them: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and sit 'de die in diem.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine, How far it is a Prejudice to the Woollen Manufacture, that the new East India Company are not obliged to export to the Value of 100,000l. per Annum of the Woollen Manufacture, as the old East India Company was obliged to do.

A Petition of Edward Webb Alayor Elect of the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of IFight, was presented to the House.

And the same relating to the Lord Cutts, a Alember of this House*; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Lord Cutis do attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning: And t?iat the Petition be then read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of Paul Foley Esquire, deceased.

The

Brecon

Election.

King's Bene arid Fleet Prisons.

Exporting

Wool.

Privilege 0 Member a public Officer.

Hereford

Writ.

n W. III.

2'7° — 28° Novembfis.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his mi Majesty's most gracious Speech, being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Jlrakn Ordered\ That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into,

msu^ Westminster Hall, and the Courts there, and the Court of Requests; and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.C'onyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; wrhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

[suit.

Martis, 28° die Novembris;

U* Gulielmi Tertii.

PliAYEfeS.

Wto A PETITION of Thomas Noble Gentleman, was 11. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, upon the Marriage of the Petitioner with his now Wife, a Third Part of the Mahor of Vox ton undivided was settled upon her and her Issue; which 'Third Part, lying intermixt with other Lands, cannot be improved to the best Advantage; but the Petitioner has purchased an entire Estate, in Holies ton in Leicestershire, of greater yearly Value; and is willing, at the Desire of his Wife, and her Trustees, to settle so much thereof as is of greater Value than the Third Part of Foxton, to the same Uses: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to sell the Third Part of the Manor of Farton, so soon as he shall have made a Settlement of Lands in Mleston, of greater Value, to the same Uses as in the First Settlement Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Carter and Sir IVm. Fillers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

taer A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the ancient City and Libertiesof Westminsterpresented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Court of Conscience within the City of London, for determining small Debts under Forty Shillings, hath been found of great Advantage to the poorer Sort of Freemen: That the City and Liberties of Westminster are very populous, and the Poor daily increase; and, for want of a Court of Conscience, many vexatious Suits and Actions arise for small Debts, the Expences whereof are greater than the Debts, to the Ruin of their Families, and the Filling of Prisons with miserable Debtors: And that, in the First Year of his now Majesty, an Act passed for erecting the like Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristoll and Gloucester, which had the designed Effect: The Petitioners therefore pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to erect a Court of Conscience within the said City and Liberties, for determining all Matters of Debt, and Actions upon the Case, under the Value of Forty Shillings; it being conceived for the general Benefit of all Sorts of People inhabiting within the said City and Liberties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to erect a Court of Conscience within the City of Westmin-Vol. 13.

ster, and Liberties thereof: And that the Lord Combury do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Whilrow Esquire, was presented to Dartmrutb the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Joseph tlccl10^ Herne, and the Petitioner, were duly chosen Members' to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse in the County of Devon; but the Mayor of the said Borough was prevailed with to return Frederick Heme Esquire, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

And the House being acquainted, That the former Petition of the said Mr. WhitroWy the last Session, was then against both the Sitting Members; and taking Notice,

That the present Petition is only against one of them;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders, in be- King's Bench half of themselves, and others, within the Cities of Lon- and Fleet don and Westminster, was presented to the House, 8nd, nsoM# read; setting forth, That, by the Course of their Dealings, thgy are very sensible of the Mischiefs Trade lies under by the Abuses and ill Practices of the Kings Bench and Fleet Prisons; especially the latter, which is become' a mere licensing Office to all ill-designing Dealers; whereby all the Laws in being to confine any Person are rendered insignificant; which tends to the Ruin of all personal Credit: For Remedy whereof, this House came to several good Resolutions last Session; but, by reason of the Prorogation, did not perfect the same: And praying the House to redress those Grievances by such Methods as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inspect the Journals of the House for the last Session, What was done upon the Petition of John Goodall, and other Petitions relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill, against the corrupt Mixing and Sophisticating Sophistical of Wines, was read a Second time. in8 Wines.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, Mr. How, Mr. Holmes,

Mr. Mountsteven, Mr. Wynn, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Low ther-y Mr. Bridges, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Gerrardy Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Cooky Mr. Hancocky Sir Cha. Hotham, Colonel Granville, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Hyshaniy Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Call hr of,

Mr. Eyre, Mr. Brotherton, Lord Fairfax, Mr. England,

Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hughes, Sir !Fm.

Cooke, Lord Combury: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to oblige Merchants, upon making their Entries, to declare of what Country Growth the Wines they import are.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning State at next, resolve itself into a Committee of the \>hole House, Trade* to consider of the present State and Condition of the Trade of England.

The Lord Cutts attenidng in his Place, according to Privilege of Order a Member t»

The Petition of Edward Webb Mayor Elect of the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, presentee to the House Yesterday, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and one Francis Searle, a Gunner of Cash rook Castle, under the Command of the Lord Cutts, a Member of this House, were Candioates for Mayor of the said Borough; and the Petitioner had Eleven Votes, and

Stark

Resolutions and Address on King's Speech.

Charters.

8° — 2 90 N.

1699.

iSfefc'fefttii yet the tdrd Ch/^' Steward, who, or the Lord Cutts, is to swear in the Mayor, hath sworn iti foe *ai<J Searle: And the Petitioner brought Three Man-damns s; to the Third of which the Lord Cutts, though the Steward was served with the Processes, returned, That the Petitioner was not duly elected: Upon which, the Petitioner intended to bring his Action, to try his Right; but the Lord Cutts insists on his Privilege; whereby the Petitioner is like to lose the Benefit of this Term: And praying, That the Lord Cutts may be obliged to wave his Privilege, so as the Rights of the Petitioner, and the said Corporation, may be tried.

And the Lord Cutts was heard to the same.

Resolved, That no Member of this House, acting as a publick Officer, hath any Privilege of Parliament, touching any Matter done in Execution of his Office.

Mf. Cohyers, according to Order, reported, from The Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of his Majesty's most gracious Speech, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place,* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will equally conduce to the continuing and establishing an entire Confidence between the King and this House, That his Majesty will be pleased to shew Marks of his Displeasure towards such Persons as have or shall presume to misrepresent the Proceedings of this Parliament to his Majesty.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will equally conduce to the continuing and establishing an entire Confidence between the King and his People, That Care be taken to prevent and discourage all false Rumours and Reports, reflecting on his Majesty, and his Government ,* whereby to create any Misunderstanding between Him and his Subjects.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolutions.

And it is referred to Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Gerrard} Lord Rant-high, Mr. Henly, Colonel Granville, Serjeant Thurland, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mountague, Sir 25dw\ Seymour, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pelham, Mr. How, Mr. Cooper, Sir TVm. Ellis, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Godolphin, Sir IVm. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hayes, Sir Barth. Shotver, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Topham, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Smith, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That a Committee be appointed to examine all the Proceedings relating to Charters; and what new Charters have been

ganted during this Reign; and to report the Fact to the ouse.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine all the Proceedings relating to Charters; and what new Charters have been granted during this Reign; and to report the Fact to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Musgrove, Mr. Getrard, Mr. How, Lord Cheine, Lord Rantlagli, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr Win-ington, Sir IVm. Cawper, Serjeant Thurland, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mount-stevens, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Moor, Sir IVm. Cook, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Cawper, Mr. Mitchell, Colonel Granville, Sir Rich, Farrington, Mr. Dor* men, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bridges, Mr.. Hoblyn, Sir Riihard Onslow, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Jcmois, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Henry Johnson, 1a

Mr. Foley; of any Five of theiri: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Cham* ber 2 And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was Suppressing directed by the said Committee to move, That an humble Vice, Address may be made to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for the Suppres- m ut u sing of all Vice and Immorality; and for putting the Laws into Execution relating the reunto $ and for the more effectual Suppressing of Duelling.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for the Suppressing of all Vice and Immorality; and for putting the Laws in Execution relating the reunto.

Ordered, That this Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Gaming a Heads for a Bill against Gaming and Duelling* Duelling.

And it is referred to Mr. How, Lord Cutts, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Phillips, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Moly-neux, Sir Theop. Oglethorp, Mr. Dormer, Lord Ranelagh;

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Sir Rich. Cox, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Mountsteven, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Brother ion. Sir Godfrey Copleys or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers*

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was Commiflin directed by the said Committee to move, That a Com- Deputy mittee may be appointed to inspect the Commissions of j-ieutenau the Peace, and Commissions to Deputy Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Commissions of the Peace, and Commissions to Deputy Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past.

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Musgrove, Sir Sam. Barmrdiston, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Harley, Sir Rowland Gwyti, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Dormer, Mr.

Foley, Sir Walter Young, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Roberts, Sir Wm. Asliurst, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Barmrdiston, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Tredenham, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Gerrand, Mr. How, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bridges, Lord Chenie,

Mr. Mountsteven, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Henley, Mr. Lowther, Sir Rich. Onslow; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to Supply, his Majesty;

Resolved, Nomine contradiccntc, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 29° die Novembris; it* Gulieltni Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Commi

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs dp, Custon upon Friday Morning next, lay before this House an Account of the Produce of the Customs, from Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1698; and from Michaelms 1698, to Michaelmas 1699; together with their Opinions of wrhat is necessary to be further done for the Improvement of the Trade of England.

The House being informed, That the Petition of the

Inhabitants

.oopie

11 W. III. 2 90 — 3 °° Nov — 1° Decembris.

Inhabitants within the Borough of St. Ives in the County of Cornwall, this Session, touching the Election for the said Borough, is different from that which was presented the last Sessions;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do examine whether the Petition this Session be the same in Substance with that which was presented the last Session: And that they do report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that the Committee do the same, before they proceed upon the Merits of the said Election.

Tmy The House being informed, That the Petition of Sha-ikon. iJreck Vincent Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, this Session, is different from that which was presented the last Session;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do examine whether the Petition this Session be the same in Substance with that which was presented the last Session: And that they do report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that the Committee do the same before they proceed upon the Merits of the said Election.

Conittee A Debate arising in the House, concerning certain tfPrivileges. Orders lately made by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the giving Lists of Persons excepted on either Side, in Cases touching Elections depending before them; and the House considering the Inconveniences which have arisen thereby;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged: And that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make no such Orders for the future.

Kffprt A Petition of John Acton Esquire, was presented to the jj*|j House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner and IktiiL ^r- GrctnhUl stood Candidates to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight] and the Petitioner was duly chosen; but the said Mr. Greenhill, being Commissioner of Portsmouth Dock, did, by corrupt Methods, procure himself to be returned to serve for the said Borough, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

kptui Mr. Hamond, according to Order, presented to the Mngs House, a Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the Hous^ adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Novembris;

n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

TV/TR* barter, according to Order, presented to the lVx House, a Bill to enable Thomas Noble Gentleman, to sell the undivided Third-part of the Manor of Foxton, in the County of Leicester; and for settling other Lands, an entire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Vol. 13.

9

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Cyrill Arthington Esquire, was presented Aldborough to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Elect.on. tioner, and Sir Abstrupus Dauby, stood as Candidates to serve as a Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough in the County of York; and the Petitioner was legally chosen,' and ought to have been returned; but, by divers illegal Practices, Sir Abstrupus Danby procured several Inhabitants of the said Borough to vote for him, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying, That a short Day may be appointed for hearing the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Customs, lay before this House an Account of the Produce of his Majesty's Customs, from Michaelmas 1686, to Michaelmas 1687; and from Michaelmas 1687, to Michaelmas 1688.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for papists' hindering Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs: Protestant And that Sir Richard Cocks and Air. Stringer do prepare, Heirs* and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made on Tuesday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cvwper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 1* die Decembris; li* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Commissioners of the Cus- Wool toms do lay before this House an Account of the imported, combed Wool, spun Worsted, and Woollen Yarn, imported from Ireland, from Michaelmas 1680, to Michaelmas 1687; and from Michaelmas 1687, to Michaelmas

1688; and from Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1698; and from Michaelmas 1698, to Michaelmas 1699.

Mr. Cowpcry according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty Seamen'i do, upon Monday Morning next, lay before this House, Wages.

D an

Surplus of Customs.

Supply,

Address on the King's Speech.

State of

Trade.

io i° — 2° — 4 0 Dec 16^99.

an Account of what is due to Seamen for Wages, both for the Ships to be paid off, and for the Recalls.

Ordered, That an Account also be laid before this House, upon Monday Morning next, of the Surplus of the Customs; what the same amount to; and what Part thereof hath been disposed of; and to what Uses; and likewise what remains still undisposed of.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the Resolutions of the House of Tuesday last, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; anil afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being highly sensible, that nothing is more necessary for the Peace and Welfare of this Kingdom, the quieting the Minds of your People, and disappointing the Designs of your Enemies, than a mutual and entire Confidence between your Majesty and your Parliament, do esteem it our greatest Misfortune, That, after having so amply provided for the Security of your Majesty, and your Government, both by Sea and Land, any Jealousy or Distrust hath been raised, of our Duty and Affections to your Sacred Majesty and your People; and beg leave humbly to represent to your Majesty, That it will greatly conduce to the continuing and establishing an entire Confidence between your Majesty and your Parliament, that you will be pleased to shew Marks of your high Displeasure towards all such Persons, wlx/have, or shall presume to misrepresent their Proceedings to your Majesty.

And your Commons, having likewise a due Sense of the great Care and Concern your Majesty has always expressed, for preserving and maintaining the Religion, Rights, and Liberties of your People, in Defence of which your Majesty hath so often exposed your'Royal Person, will use their utmost Care and Endeavour to prevent and discourage all false Rumours and Reports, reflecting upon your Majesty and your- Government, whereby to create any Misunderstanding between you and your Subjects.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made: Which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House; viz.t

The Words " Most gracious Sovereign," and " high," were added.

Resolved, That the said Address, so amended, be agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

The House, according to Ord$r, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That a Copy of the Privy Seal, and of the Indenture and Commission, under the Great Seal of England, granted to Captain Kidd; and of the Petition, and all other Papers, upon which the same were granted; be laid before the House; as also such Representations as were made by the Merchants, relating 4

to Piracies; and an Account of what Captain Kidd has done abroad; and what has been done thereupon here.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Privy Seal, and of the Kidd's Con Indenture and Commission, under the Great Seal of Eng- ^lrs^ga,l< land, granted to Captain Kidd; and of the Petition, and all other Papers upon which the same were granted; be laid before the House; as also such Representations as were made by the Merchants, relating to Piracies; and an Account of what Captain Kidd has done abroad; and what has been done thereupon here.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Decembris; ii° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of the Royal Fish- Royal ery of England was presented to the House, and Fishery, read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, in the Twenty-ninth Year of his Reign, did, by his Letters Patents, incorporate the said Company, by the Name of the Royal Fishery of England; who have ever since, at great Expence, and Loss of Time, endeavoured to regain and establish the Fishery in the British Seas; and have employed several Sums of Money in making Experiments therein; by which they have gotten good Information and Experience: Whereupon, about Three Years since, they opened Books for taking Subscriptions to the Value of Three hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on so great and advantageous a Work; and thereupon Subscriptions were made; but the Subscribers were unwilling to pay in their Money, unless they can be established by Act of Parliament: And praying the House to take such reasonable Consideration in the Premises, as may tend to the Regaining of the said Fishery, the Encouragement of the Subscribers, and the Good of the Kingdom in general.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England: And that they do consider of the best Ways and Means for the Improvement of the Fishery of England; and report their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Dartra Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton-Dartmouth-Hardnesse in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Joseph Herne Knight, deceased.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his King Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House upon Monday next, at Four a Clock in the a en Afternoon, at Kensington.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

LuncEj 4° die Decembris;

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE Lord Cornbury, according to Order, presented west to the House a Bill for erecting and establishing a Smal

Court

.N'oble's

Esiafc-

KM Com. mm and facia,

11 W. III. 40 Decembris.

ii

Court of Conscience in the City oi Westminster, and Liberties thereof: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable Thomas Noble Gentleman, to sell the undivided Third-part of the Manor of Foxton, in the County of Leicester; and for settling other Lands, an entire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carter, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Lowther, Sir JVrn. Fillers, Mr. Cooky Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Crane, Mr. Philips, Mr. Drake, Mr. Blofcld, Mr. Osborne, Sir Cha. Carteret, Sir JEtfe. Stradling, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bertie, Lord Cornbury, Sir JoA/z Bolles, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Probert, Mr. Dormer, Mr. England; and all that serve for the County of Leicester;

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Preservation further Preservation of the Game: And that Sir Joh?i of Game, Walter,.Mr. Scobell, and Mr. Hawourt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill: And that they have Power to consider the former Laws relating to the Game; and of repealing the same, or reducing the same into One Law.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Tonage and House an Account, shewing the Overplus, which remains Poundage, undisposed, of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage granted for Five Years, commencing on the 26th Day of December 1694, and to end on the 25th of December 1699, inclusive.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Account is as followeth; viz.

c

d.

2d December 1699.

The Sums, which have arisen at the Exchequer, of the said Subsidy, either in Money, or by Tallies, from the said Commencement thereof, S* -until this 2d Day of December 1699, ^ave amounted in the Whole to - }

Whereof there have been issued, towards Repayment of 1,250,000l.-j borrowed upon Credit of a Clause in the Act for the Land Tax, passed I

Anno 6° Witlielmi 3", for appropriating 300,000l. per Annum out of the i 1,241,800-

said Subsidy, several Sums, amounting to 1,241,500 /.; and there is reserved 1 for a Loan not yet called for 300l.; in both for Principal -J

Memorandum. The remaining 8,200l. being the Complement to 1,250,000l. was supplied, with Interest, out of Funds appointed by Parliament for making good Deficiencies.

Paid for Interest at the respective Rates of 5, 6, 7, and 8 per Cent. for the said Principal Money, the Sum of 212,216/. 4s. 7{d.; and reserved to pay Interest of the said Loan, not yet called for, 4/. 13s. 4d.; in

both.....-

Applied to the Register for Jths Customs, the Surplus of the said Sub- > sidy for the First Year, amounting to - - - -3

there was lost in re-coining 292,759 /. 12 s. Part of the Produce of the } R

said Subsidy.....j 134,029

And allowed to John Knight, late Receiver General, by a Tally for so much which he formerly paid, out of the Surplus of the said Subsidy, for the Customs of the Kings Wines, 8$c.....- }

So the Difference, or Gross Surplus, which remained, after all the Pay- menis beforementioned, did amount to - - - -3"

Out of which issued to the Trustees for Exchequer Bills, for paying of

Premiums, pursuant to a Clause in the Act for the Land Tax, passed Anno S 10 Williehm 311, by Tallies of Assignment - - - 3

To them, in Part of a Sum not exceeding 10,000l. for Charges relating 7 to the said Bills ----- ----- 3

To the Commissioners for enquiring into forfeited Estates in Ireland, to defray the Expences of their Commission, by Tally of Anticipation, 3,000l. and for discounting the said Tally 133/. 15$.; in both -To the Bank of England, for the Deficiency of its Fund of*ioo, oooo /. 3 per Annum, computed to the First of June 1698; pursuant to a Clause in the Act for establishing the said Bank -

To the same, for the Deficiency to the First of June 1699 Issued, or reserved, to Proprietors of the Annuities lately charged on the f,h Tonage Duties, and now upon 4th additional Excise; pursuant to a Clause in the Act for the said Annuities; for the Deficiency of their Fund, to the 1st of June 1699 ——

Lost by the Fall of Guineas, at 6d. a piece -

So that the Surplus remaining undisposed in the Exchequer at this Day, doth amount to -.....3

7

212,22017 nf

8,254 «6 1

8

196 2 6

40,000 -

8,315 9 4

3,133 15

3L771 19 8 1,623 1* Hi

20,171 16 — }

£. s. d. 1,778,742 4 1 of

V 1,597,101 4 9i

240 15

181,641 — ij

> 105,257 14 9

76,383 5 4i

Besides the Money which is expected to arise from the said Branch, determining at Christmas next.

William Lowndes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Lowndes also, according to Order, presented to the House the several Papers following; viz.

A Copy of the Commission from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Kidd.

Vo l. 13.

A Copy of the Commission to him under the Great Seal.

A Copy of the Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to Captain Kidd's Commission.

A Copy of the King's Warrant for a Grant of Pirates Goods to the Earl of Bellamont, and others.

A Copy of the Grant of Pirates Goods, $c. to the Earl of Bellamont and others.

A Copy of the Indenture between his Majesty, of the

one

12 40 Decetnbris. 1699.

Kidd's Com- one Part, and the Earl of Bellamont and others, of the mission, &c. other Part.

A Copy of the Letter from the Lords of the Treasury to the Earl of Bellarnont, about sending over the Treasure seized in Captain Kidd's Ship.

And the same were delivered in at the Table, and there read; and are as follow; viz.

The Copy of the Commission from the Admiralty.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c. WHEREAS by Commission under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the 26th Day of June 1689. or any Three or more of us, are required and authorized to grant Commissions, unto such Persons as we deem fitly qualified in that behalf for the apprehending, seizing, and taking such Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the French King, And his Subjects, and Inhabitants within the Dominions of the said French King; and such other Ships, Vessels, and Goods, as are or shall be liable to Confiscation; with other Powers in the said Commission expressed: These are therefore to will and require you forthwith to cause a Commission, or Letter of Marque or Reprizal, to be issued out of the High Court of Admiralty of England, untoCaptain William Kidd, Commander of the Adventure Gaily, Burden 287 Tons, 34 Guns, and 70 Men, to set forth in warlike Manner the said Ship called the Adventure Gaily, w hereof the said Captain William Kidd is Commander, and to apprehend, seize, and 'take, the Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the French King, or his Subjects, or Inhabitants within the Dominions of the said French King; and such other Ships, Vessels, and Goods, as are, or shall be, liable to Confiscation; according to the said Commission granted unto us for that Purpose, and certain Articles and Instructions under her late Majesty's Signet and Sign Manual, dated the 2d of May 1693, a Copy whereof remains with you; and according to the Course of the Court of Admiralty, and Laws of Nations: And you are therein to insert a Clause, injoining the said Captain Wm. Kidd to keep an exact Journal of his Proceedings; and therein particularly to take notice of all Prizes, which shall be taken by him, the vNature of such Prizes, the Time and Place of their being taken, and the Value of them, as near as he can judge; as also the Station, Motion, and Strength of the Enemy, as well as he can discover by the best Intelligence he can get: Of which he is, from time to time, as he shall have an Opportunity, to transmit an Account for us to our Secretary, and to keep a Correspondence with him by all Opportunities, that shall present: Provided always, That, before you issue such Commission, Security be given thereupon, according as is directed in her late Majesty's Instructions afore-mentioned; as also, That a Recognizance, or sufficient.....not exceeding 500l. be

entered into, obliging him not to carry in the said Ship more than One half of her Complement of Seamen; but that all the rest of her Company be Landmen; and that he do, at the End of the Voyage, give in to the Secretary of the Admiralty a perfect List, in Columns, of his Ship's Company, expressing their Names, Qualities, Ages, Places of Abode, and whether married or single Men; and also, That he do give Security strictly to conform himself to the Regulations contained in their Majesties Proclamation of the 12th of July 1694, concerning Colours to be worn on board Ships. This Commission to continue in Force till further Order; for which this shall be your Warrant. Given under our Hands and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, this Tenth Day of December, 1695.

J. Lowther.

- H. Preistjnan.

11 Rich.

To Sir Cha?'les Hedges Knight, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

By Command of the Commissioners,

Wm. Bridgman.

A true Copy. J. Burchett.

The said Copy of the Commission under the Great Seal. WILLIAM R.

William the Third, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, T o our Trusty and well-bcloved Captain William Kidd, Commander of the Ship Adventure Gaily, or to the Commander of the said Ship for the Time being; Greeting. Whereas we are informed, That Captain Thomas Too, John Ireland Captain Thomas Wake, Captain William Maze or Mace, and other our Subjects, Natives or Inhabitants of New England, New York, and elsewhere, in our Plantations in America, have associated themselves with divers other wicked and ill-disposed Persons; and do, against the Laws of Nations, daily commit many great Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, upon the Seas in the Parts of America, and in other Parts, to the great Hindrance and Discouragement of Trade and Navigation, and to the Danger and Hurt of our loving Subjects, our Allies, and all others, navigating the Seas, upon their lawful Occasions: Now know ye, That we, being desirous to prevent the aforesaid Mischiefs, and, as far as in us lies, to bring the said Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, to Justice, have thought fit, and do hereby give and grant unto you, the said Captain William Kidd, to whom our Commissioners for executing the Office of our Lord High Admiral have granted a Commission, as a private Man of War, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of December 1695.; and unto the Officers, Mariners, and others, which shall be under your Command; full Power and Authority to apprehend, seize, and take into your Custody, as well the said Captain Tho. Too, John Ireland, Captain Thomas Wake, William Maze alias Mace, as such Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, being either own Subjects, or ot\other Nations associated with them, which you shall meet with upon the said Coasts or Seas of America, or in any other Seas or Parts, with their Ships and Vessels; and also such Merchandizes, Money, Goods, and Wares, as shall be found on board, or with them; in case they shall willingly yield themselves; but if they will not submit without fighting, then you are by Force to compel them to yield: And we do also require you to bring, or cause to be brought, such Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, as you shall seize, to a legal Tryal, to the end they maybe proceeded against according to the Law in such Cases: And we do hereby charge and command all our Officers, Ministers, and other our loving Subjects whatsoever, to be aiding and assisting to you in the Premises: And we do hereby injoin you to keep an exact Journal of your Proceedings in the Execution of the Premises; and therein to set down the Names of such Pirates, and of their Officers and Company, and the Names of such Ships and Vessels, as you shall, by virtue of these Preseuts, seize and take; and the Quantities of Arms, Ammunition, Provision, and Loading of such Ships, and the true Value of the same, as near as you can judge: And we do hereby jointly charge and command you, as you will answer the same at your utmost Peril, That you do not, in any manner, offend or molest any of our Friends or Allies, their Ships or Subjects, by Colour or Pretence of these Presents, or the Authority hereby granted. In Witness whereof, we have caused our Great Seal of England to be affixed to these Presents. Given at our Court at Kensington, the 26th Day of January 169^, in the Seventh Year of our Reign.

This is a true Copy.

R. Yard.

The said Copy of the Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to Captain Kidd's Commission; viz.

WILLIAM R.

Our Will and Pleasure is, That you forthw ith cause our Great Seal of England to be affixed to a certain Instrument bearing Date with these Presents, impowering our trusty and well-beloved Captain William Kidd, Commander of the Ship Adventure Gaily, or the Commander of the same for the Time being, to seize and take Captain Thomas Too, John Ireland, Captain Thomas Wake, Captain

II W. III.

4° Decembr

*3

tain William Maze, or Mace; and all such other Pirates, Freebooters, and Sea Rovers, as he shall meet with, upon the Coasts or Seas of America, or in any other Parts; to the end the same may be proceeded against, according to the Law in such Cases: And for so doing, this shall be your Warrant. Given at our Court at Kehsington, the 2fith Day of January 1694. in the Seventh Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty's Command,

Shrewsbury.

To our Trusty and Well-belov'd Counsellor, Sir John Sommers,

Knight, Keeper of our Great Seal of England.

This is a true Copy,

R.Yard.

The said Copy of the Kings Warrant; viz. WILLIAM 11.

WHEREAS, upon divers Complaints and Informations to Us made, That Thomas Too, John Ireland, Thomas 1Vtike, William Mace, alias Maze, and divers other our Subjects, Natives or Inhabitants of Nezv England\ New York, and elsewhere in our Plantations in America, had associated themselves with divers others, wicked and ill-disposed Persons, in order to commit, and did frequently commit, many and great Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, upon the Seas, in the Parts of America, and in other Parts and Places; in Violation of the Laws of Nations; to the Obstruction and Discouragement of Trade and Navigation; and to the Loss and Prejudice of our Subjects, and the Subjects of our Friends and Allies; and also to the Dishonouring of our Royal Authority, in case any of our Subjects, guilty of such great and detestable Enormities, should go unpunished; We did, by our Commission under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date the Six-and-twentieth Day of January, in the Seventh Year of our Reign, in order to bring the said Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, and their Accomplices, to Justice, give and grant full Pow er and Authority to Captain William Kidd, Commander of the Ship Adventure Gaily, and to the Commander of the said Ship for the Time being, to apprehend; &ize, and take into Custody, the said Thomas Too, John IrelandTho. Wake, and Wm. Maze, and all other Pirates, Freebooters, and Sea Rovers, of what Nation soever, whom he should find, or meet with, upon the said Coasts or Seas of America, or in any other Seas or Parts, with their Ships and Vessels* and all such Merchandize, Money, Goods, and Wares, as should be found on board them; and, in caseot Resistance, to fight with, and compel the said Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, to yield; and them to bring, or cause to be brought, to a legal Tryal, to the end they might forthwith suffer condign Punishment, according to their Demerits: And we did also, by the same Commission, require the said Captain William Kidd to keep an exact Journal of his Proceedings, in relation to the Execution of our Royal Pleasure in the said Premises; and therein to set down the Names of such Pirates, and of their Ships and Vessels, as he should, as aforesaid, seize or take; and also to specify the Quantities and Particulars of the Arms, Ammunition, Provision, and Loading, of such Ships, and the true Values thereof: And whereas the said Ship Adventure Gaily, w as, with our Knowledge, and Royal Encouragement, bought, and fitted out to bea for the Purposes aforesaid, at the great and sole Charges of our right trusty and right w ell-beloved Cousin Richard Earl of Bdlamont, and our trusty and well-beloved Edmund Harrison Merchant, Samuel New ten Gentleman, William Rozrhy Gentleman, George Watson Gentleman, ind Thomas Renolls of St. Martin's: Now, out of a due Regard to the Premises, and being graciously inclined that so chargeable an Undertaking, tending to such good and laudable Ends, should have meet and proper Encouragement and Reward, our Will and Pleasure is, That you prepare a Bill for our lloyal Signature, to pass under our Great Seal, containing our Grant, for Us, our Heirs, and Successors, unto the said Richard Earl of Bdlamont, Vo i. 13.

Edmund Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rowleyf Kidcft George Watson, and Tho. Renolls, their Executors, Commission, Administrators, and Assigns, of all and whatever Ships, &c' Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things whatsoever, which shall lie taken or seized upon or with the said Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, by the said Captain William Kidd, or other Commander of the said Adventure Gaily, or winch by, or by means of, the said Ship or Gaily, shall be taken, or forced ashore, in any of our Plantations in America, or other our Dotni* nions; as far as the said Premises, or any of them, do, shall, or may belong to ns, or may be granted or grant* able by us; To have and to hold the said Premises, of such and so many of them as are, or may be, in any manner, grantable by us, unto the said Earl of Bella* mont, Edmund Harrison, Samuel Newton, Wm. Rowleyj George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their own sole Use and Benefit, without any Account to be therefore rendered to Us, our Heirs and Successors; charging and commanding our Commissioners of our Treasury, and all other our Officers of our Revenue, our Commissioners for execute* ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, and all other our Admirals, Vice Admirals, Governors of all and every our Colonies, Islands, and Plantations, in Ame* rica, Magistrates, Officers Military and Civil, and other our loving Subjects whatsoever, That they be aiding and assisting in all and every Matters and '1 hings, as to them respectively shall appertain, as well to the said Captain Win. Kidd, in the seizing, apprehending, taking, and securing, the said Pirates, and their Ships and Vessels* and other the Premises, and in bringing the said Offenders to Justice; as also unto the said Captain Writ. Kidd, and all others whom it may concern, in the seizing, securing; and delivering, to them the said Earl of Bdlamont, Ed* murid Harrison, Samuel Newton, Wm. Rowley, George Watson, and I ho. Renoils, their Assigns, Agents, and

Servants all and every of the said Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure, and other Things, according to the true Intent of our said Grant; and in such manner, as may most effectually contribute to the putting in Execution our gracious Intentions in the Premises, for and on the behalf of the said Earl of Bdlamont, Edmund Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls: And yon are further to insert in the said Bill, all such apt and beneficial Clauses, and Non Obstante s, as you shall judge proper and requisite to render our said Grant unto them most effectual: And, for so doing, this shall be your Warrant. Given at our Court at Kensington, the 30th Day of April, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty's Command,

Ste. For,

To our Attorney General, or J. Smith,

our Solicitor General. Tho. Littleton*

Decent. 1699. This is a true Copy of the original Warrant, and examined therewith by

Chris. Tilson,

Fran. Sambrooke.

The said Copy of the Grant of Pirates Goods; viz.

WILLI A M the Third, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Do* fender of the Faith, 8yc. To our Right-trusty and Well-beloved Counsellor, Sir John Somers Knight, our Keeper of our Great Seal of England,

Greeting.

We Will and Command you, That, unddr our said Great Seal of England, in your Custody being, you Gausd these our Letters to be made forth Patents, in Form following:

WILLIAM the Third, by tho Grace of God, &;c. To all to whom these Presents shall como, or may, in any wise concern, Greeting. Whereas, upon divers Complaints and Informations to Us made,

That Thomas Too, John Ireland, Thomas Wake, Wit* liam Mace, alias Maze, and divers other our Subjects,

E Natives

*4

4® Decembris,

A. 1699.

Kidd's Com- Native^ or Inhabitants of New England, Nezv York, i^Mssion, uci anc| elsewhere in onr Plantations in America, had associated themselves with divers other wicked and ill-disposed Persons, in order to commit, and did frequently commit, many great Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, upon the Seas in the Parts of America, and in other Parts and Places; in Violation of the Laws of Nations; to the Obstruction and Discouragement of Trade and Navigation; and to the Loss and Prejudice of our Subjects, and the Subjects of our Friends and Allies; and also to the Dishonouring of our Royal Autlx>rity, in case any of our Subjects, guilty of such great and detestable Enormities, should go unpunished; We did, by our Commission under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date the 26th Day of January* in the Seventh Year of our Reign, in order to bring the said Pirates, Freebooters, and Sea Rovers, and their Accomplices, to Justice, give and grant full Power and Authority to Captain William Kidd, Commander of the Ship Adventure Gaily, and to the Commander of the said Ship for the Time being, to apprehend, seize, and take into Custody, the said Thomas Too, John Ireland, Tho* Wake, and I Til Ham Maze, and all other Pirates, Freebooters, and Sea Rovers, of w hut Nation soever, whom he should find, or meet with, upon the said Coasts or Seas of America, or in any other Seas or Parts, with their Ships and Vessels, and all such Merchandize, Money, Goods, and Wares, as should be found on board them; and, in case of Resistance, to fight with, and compel the said Pirates, Free-hooters* and Sea Rovers, to yield; and them to bring, or cause to be brought, to a legal Tryal, to the end they might forthwith suffer condign Punishment, according to their Demerits: And We did also, by the same Commission, require the said Captain William Kidd to keep an exact Journal of his Proceedings, in relation to the Execution of our Royal Pleasure in the said Premises; and therein to set down the Names of such Pirates, and of their Ships and Vessels, as he should, as aforesaid, seize or take; and also to specify the Quantities and Particulars of die Arms, Ammunition, Provision, and Loading, of such Ships, and the true Values thereof: And whereas the said Ship Adventure Gaily w as, with our Knowledge, and Royal Encouragement, fitted out to Sea, for the Purposes aforesaid, at the great and sole Charges of our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousin Richard Earl of Bdlamont in the Kingdom of Ireland, and our trusty and well-beloved Edmund Harrison Merchant, Samuel Newton Gentleman, William Rowley Gentleman, George Watson Gentleman, and Thomas Renolls, of St. Martins: Now know ye, that We, out of due Regard to the Premises, and being graciously inclined that so chargeable an Undertaking, tending to such good and laudable Ends, should have meet and proper Encouragement and Reward; of our special Grace, certain Know-lege, and mere Motion, have given and granted, and by these Presents do give and grant, unto the said Richard Earl of Bellamont, Edmund Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Heirs, Executors, and Assigns, all and whatsoever Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure, and other things whatsoever, which, since the Thirtieth Day of April, Anno Domini 1696, have been taken or seized upon or with, or did belong to, or which shall be taken or seized upon or with, or which do or shall belong to the said Thomas Too, John Ireland, Thomas Wake, Wm. Maze, or their Adherents, or any other Pirates, Free-, booters, and Sea Rovers, by the said Captain William Kidd, or other Commander of the said Adventure Gaily, or which by, or by means of the said Ship or Gaily, shall be taken, or forced ashore, in any of our Plantations in America, or other our Dominions; as far as the said Premises, or any of them, do, shall, or may belong to Us, or can or may be granted or grantable by Us, or is or are in our Power to dispose of, in Right of our Crown of England, or as Perquisites of our Admiralty, or otherwise howsoever, and all our Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, or unto the same, and every part thereof; To have, hold, take, receive, and enjoy, the said Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and all and singular other the Premises herein before-mentioned, and intended to be hereby granted, and every of them* and every Part and Parcel thereof, or such and so many of them as are, can or may be, in any manner granted or grantable by Us, unto the said Richard Earl of Bdlamont, Edmund Harrison, Sam. Newton, Wm. Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their own sole Use and Benefit, and as their own proper Goods and Chattels, w ithout any Account thereof and therefore, to be made or rendered to Us, our Heirs and Successors: And We do hereby for Us, our Heirs and Successors, charge and command the Commissioners of our Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of our Treasury for the Time being, and all other our Officers of our Revenue, our Commissioners for ex£cute-ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, now, and for the Time being, and all other our Admirals, Vice Admirals, Judge and Judges of our Court and Courts of Admiralty, Governors of all and every our Colonies, Islands, and Plantations, in America, Magistrates, Officers Military and Civil, and all other our loving Subjects whatsoever, That they be aiding and assisting in all and every Matters and Things, as to them respectively shall appertain, as well to the said Captain Wm. Kidd\ in the seizing, apprehending, taking, and securing, the said Pirates, and their Ships and Vessels, and other the Pre* mises herein before-mentioned, and intended to be hereby granted, every or any of them, and in bringing the said Offenders to Justice; as also unto the said Captain Wm. Kidd, and all others whom it may concern, in the seizing, securing, and delivering to them, the said Richard Earl of Bdlamont, Edmund Harrison, Samuel Norton, Wm. Rowley, Geo. Watson, and Tho. Renolls, their Assigns, Agents, and Servants, all and every the said Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things herein before-mentioned, and intended to be hereby granted, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and in such manner, as may most effectually contribute to the putting in Execution our gracious Intentions in and about the Premises, for and on the behalf of the said Richard Earl of Bellamont, Edmund Harrison, William Newton, William Rowley, Geoi Watson, and Thomas Renolls: And lastly, We do hereby declare and grant, That these our Letters Patents, or the Enrollment thereof, shall be, in and by all Things, firm, good, valid, sufficient, and effectual in the Law', notwithstanding the not naming, or not rightly naming, the Premises, or any Part thereof, or the true Value, or the Nature or Kind thereof; and notwithstanding the not mentioning, or not rightly mentioning, the Names of the said Pirates, Freebooters, and Sea Rovers, or any of them, or of the Possessors of the said Ships, Vessels, Merchandizes, Goods, Treasure, and Premises, or any Parc or Parcel thereof; and notwithstanding the ill naming or not name-ing, of any Seas, Havens, Countries, or Places, wherein, or in which, the Premises hereby granted, or any Part or Parcel thereof, is or are, shall or may be found; and notwithstanding any Mis-recital, Non-recital, Incertainty, Defect, or Imperfection whatsoever. In Witness. Sfc.

Witness, 8$c. Given under our Privy Seal, at our Palace of Westminster, the 30th Day of April, in the Ninth Year of our Reign.

Tho. Watkins. Recepi vicesimo septimo Die

Maii, 1697.

J. Somers, C.

The said Copy of the said Indenture; viz.

This Indenture, made the 2 2d Day of May, in the Ninth -Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the 3d, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8gCr and in the Year of our Lord Christ 1697, between our said Sovereign Lord the King Majesty, of the one Part; and the the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Bdlamont in the

Kingdom

II W. III. 4° Decembris.

*5

Kingdom of Ireland, Edmund Harmon Merchant, Samel Newton Gentleman, William Rowley Gentleman, George Watson Gentleman, and Thomas Re noils, of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, of the other Part: Whereas the said King s Most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign. Manual, bearing Date at Kensington, the 30th Day of April, in the Eighth Year of his Reign, directed to his said Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, hath been graciously pleased to signify his Will and Pleasure, That a Bill should be prepared for his Royal Signature, to pass under his Great Seal, containing his said Majesty's Grant unto the said Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Sam. Newton, William Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of all and whatsoever Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things whatsoever, which shall be taken or seized upon or with certain Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, therein mentioned, and their Adherents, or any other Pirates, Free-booters, and Sea Rovers, by Captain William Kidd, or other Commander of the Ship Adventure Gaily, or which by, or by means of, the said Ship or Gaily, shall be taken, or forced ashore, in any of his said Majesty's Plantations in America, or other his Majesty's Dominions; as far as the said Premises, or any of them, do, shall, or may belong to, or may be granted or grantable by his said Majesty; To have and to hold the said Premises, or such, and so many of them as are, or may be, in any manner, grantable by the said King's Majesty, unto the said Earl of Bellomont, Edm., Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their own soie Use and Benefit, without any Account to be therefore rendered to his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as by the said Warrant, amongst other Things therein contained, may more at large appear: And whereas a Bill hath been prepared by his Majesty's Solicitor General, in pursuance of the said Warrant, and is also signed by his said Majesty, in order to be passed and perfected under the Great Seal of England: And it being intended. That a Tenth Part, the Whole in Ten equal Parts to be divided, of all such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Tilings whatsoever, which shall be taken, seized, apprehended, or secured, by the said Richard Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Sam. Newton, Wm. Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by force or virtue of his Majesty's said intended Grant, shall be reserved or secured to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: This Indenture therefore Witnesseth, and the said Richard Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Samuel Nere ton, William R aw ley, George Watson, and Tho. Renolls, do hereby, for themselves, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, That they the said Richard Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rowley, George Watson, and Thomas Renolls, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or some of them, shall and will, from time to time, well and truly account for, and deliver, upon Oath, to the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the Time being, shall, from time to time, direct or appoint for that Purpose, one full and clear Tenth Part, the Wrhole in Ten equal Parts to be divided, of all and every such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things whatsoever, which, in anH^jy the said Letters Patents, or Grant, aie or shall be given or^ranteej^unto, and which shall from time to time be taken, appreherfltted, seized, or secured by, the said Richard Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rowley, George Watson, and Tho. Remits, or any of them, their or any of their Executors, Administrators, Officers, Agents, Servants, or Assigns, by virtue or colour thereof; all Hazards and Hangers of the Seas, Restraints of Princes and Rulers, Vo 1. 13.

Enemies, Pirates, and accidental Fire, excepted. In Witness whereof the said Richard Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rmley, Geo. Watson, and Thomas Renolls, have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above-written.

Bellomont, Edm. Harrison,

O O

Samuel Newton,

O

George Watson,

O

Wm. Rowley,

O

Tho. Reynold

O

Seeded and delivered by the within named Richard Earl of Bellomont, Edm. Harrison, Sam. Newton, George Watson, and William Rowley, in the Presence of

Ch?'is. Tdson,

R. Powys,

Fran. Sambrooke. Recognit, per prdefat. Edmurid Haitison, 25* die Mail, 1697. coram me Cancellar. Magistro,

John Hoskyns.

Sealed and delivered by the within named Thomas Renolls, in the Presence of

Anth. Meek, ‘ Thomas Lowndes,

R. Powys.

In Hors. Clariss. Cancellar. infra sci Domini RegiS vicesimo die Maii, Ann. infra sc.

Per William Fall.

Rex.

Comes Bellomont, &; al.

A true Copy ex* per R. Powys.

The said Copy of the Letter from the Lords of the Treasury; viz.

Our very good Lord,

Understanding that One of his Majesty's Men of War is sent, by Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty here, to bring over Captain Kidd, whom your Lordship hath secured for Piracies in Prison there; we have no Reason to doubt, but that your Lordship's Methods about securing all Treasure and Effects, which are taken and seized as belonging to the said Captain Kidd, or any his Accomplices, or other Pirates, that shall be sent over in the said Ship, from being purloined or embezzled, and sending of the same safe hither, will be effectual: However, we think it our Duty, in respect to his Majesty's Service, to desire, That your Lordship will please to appoint some fit and proper Person to come over with the said Treasure and Effects; and to have particular Care of the same, when on board the said Ship; and that there be several Inventories or Schedules made thereof; One of which we desire your Lordship will please to transmit to us by the first Conveyance that shall offer; and to give another to the Person whom your Lordship shall so think fit to intrust; and a Third to the Captain of the said Man of War; to whom also we desire your Lordship will please to give your Instructions, in case the Person to be appointed by your Lordship shall, in his Passage hither, happen to die. And so we bid you very heartily farewel; and remain,

Our very good Lord,

Y our Lordship's humble Servants,

Cha. Mountague, Treasury Chamber, the J. Smith,

7th of Sept. 1699. H. Boyle.

A true Copy, as entered in the Treasury Books

Exd per R. Powys.

Mr. Secretary Vernon presented to the House a Copy of a Letter to the Earl of Bellomont, about Seizing of Captain Kidd; and of several other Letters relating to that Matter; and of several Letters and Papers received from the Earl of Bellomont; and of a Petition of the old East India Company, presented and read the 21st of September 1699: And the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Titles thereof read:

And the same are as follow; viz.

The

Kidd's Commission, Si c.

Kidds

Piracies.

Kidd's

I'lracirs.

16 4° Decembris. A. 1699.

The said Copy of a Letter about seizing Captain Kidd.

My Lord, Whitehall\ 23 Nov. 1698s

The Lords Justices being informed, by several Ad* vices from the East Indies, of the notorious Piracies committed by Captain Kidd, Commander of the Adventure Gaily; and of his having seized and plundered divers Ships in those Seas; As their Excellencies have given Orders to the Commander of the Squadron fitted out for the East Indies, That he use his utmost Endeavours to pursue and seize the said Kidd, if he continue still in those Parts; so likewise, they have commanded me to signify their Directions to the respective Governors of the Colonies under his Majesty's Obedience in America, That they give strict Orders, and take particular care, for apprehending the said Kidd, and his Accomplices, whenever he or they shall arrive in any of the said Plantations; as likewise, That they secure his Ship, and all the Effects therein: It being their Excellencies Intention, that Right be done to those who have been injured and robbed by the said Kidd; and that he, and his Associates, be prosecuted with the utmost Rigour of the Law: You are to be careful, therefore, duly to observe the said Directions; and, if the said Kidd, or any of his Accomplices, happen to be seized within the Provinces under your Government, you are forthwith to transmit an Account thereof hither; and take care, that the said Persons, Ship, and Effects be secured, till his Majesty's Pleasure be known concerning the m. I am, my Lord,

Your Lordships most

faithful humble Servant,

Ja. Vernon.

The like Letter, of the same Date, was writ to Nathanael Blakiston Esquire, Governor of Maryland; Francis Nicholson Esquire, Governor of Virginea; Samuel Day Esquire, Governor of Bennuda; Major Wm. Bart, President, and the rest of the Council, of Nevis Ralph Grey, Esquire, Governor of Barbados; Sir William Beeston, Governor of Jamaica; the Governor and Company of Rhode Island; the Governor and Company of Connecticut; the Governor, or Deputy Governor, of East and West Nciv Jersey; Governor, or Deputy Governor, of Pensylvania; the Governor, or Deputy Governor, of Carolina; the Governor, or Deputy Governor of the Bahama Islands: All put under Cover to Rear Admiral Benbow; with the following Letter;

Sir, Whitehall, 25 Novem. 1698.

The inclosed, to the Governors of his Majesty's Plantations in America, being ordered by the Lords Justices, for the Seizing and Securing of Captain Kidd, Commander of the Adventure Gaily, in case of his arrival in any of the said Colonies; to the end that he, and his Accomplices, may be prosecuted for the notorious Piracies they have committed in the East Indies; and believing you will find the best Opportunities of conveying the said Letters to the respective Governors; I recommend them to your Care: And remain, Sir

Your most faithful

Rear Admiral Benbow.humble

Ja. Vernon.

Gentlemen, Whitehall, 25 Nov. 1698.

I desire the inclosed Packet may be sent to Rear Admiral Benbow by Express; and that an Account be returned of the Delivery thereof. I am, Gentlemen,

Your most humble Servant,

Post Master General. Ja. Vernon.

A Copy of another Letter to the Secretary of the old East India Company.

Sir, Whitehall, 21th Nov. 1698.

I laid this Day before the Lords Justices*your Letter of the 18th Instant, with the inclosed Advices from India, concerning the Piracies committed by Captain Kidd: Whereupon their Excellencies have ordered, That 12

Instructions be given to the Commander of the Squadron, now going to the East Indies for the Suppressing of the Pirates, That he use his utmost Endeavours to seize the said Kidd, and his Vessel, if he be still in those Seas; in order to the bringing of him, and his Accomplices, to condign Punishment: And their Excellencies have likewise directed, That Instructions be likewise sent to the Earl of Bellomont, for the securing the said Kidd, with his Ship and Associates, in case he return to New York, where the said Kidd hath his Family settled, and from w hence he is said to have carried the greatest1 Part of his Ships Crew; and the like Instructions will be sent to the rest of his Majesty's Colonies in America, that he may be apprehended, whenever he is found, and be proceeded against according to the utmost Rigour of the Law. Their Excellencies finding, by these Advices, how much Captain Wright, the Commander of the Qui-dah Merchant, hath misbehaved himself, in yielding up his Ship to the said Kidd w ithout making any Resistance; and in sharing with him in his Piracies, by taking to his own Use some part of the plundered Goods that belonged to his Freighters; their Excellencies were of Opinion, That the said Wright ought to be apprehended, and made answerable for the same; and they will give Orders for it accordingly, unless the East India Company have any thing to object against it. If there be any thing more that the Company judges proper to be done, on this Occasion, for vindicating the Honour of the Nation against the Calumnies raised in India, and for Security of the Factories there, I desire you will let me know it, that it may be laid before their Excellencies, for their further Directions therein. I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Ja. Vernon.

A Copy of an Article in the Instructions for the Commanders for Reducing of Pirates in the East Indies. Whereas We have given Orders to the Commanders of our Ships, for the Suppressing of Pirates in the East Indies, to make it their particular Care to pursue and seize the Adventure Gaily, commanded by Captain William Kidd, who, we are informed, has committed divers Piracies in the Seas of India; and, amongst others, has taken a Ship called the Qucdah Merchant, bound from Bengali to Suratt, with Goods to a considerable Value, belonging to the Subjects of the Mogull, and others; Our Will and Pleasure is, in case they meet with and take the said Adventure Gaily, or any of her Prizes, That you secure the said Ship or Ships, with all the Money and Goods found on board the same; and that you cause whatever belongs to any of the Subjects of the Mogull, or any other Merchants in India, to be restored to the right Owners; and that you keep an exact Account of the rest, according to our Pleasure already expressed in these our Instructions: And you are not to make any Promise of Pardon to the said Captain William Kidd, whom We have excepted in our Proclamation.

A Copy of a Letter from the Lords Justices to the Earl of Bellomont.

By the Lords Justices.

Tho. Cantuar.

Lonsdale, C. P. S. Marlborough,

J. Bridgwater, Jersey.

WHEREAS, upon the Information we have received, That Captain William Kidd, and other Persons, who have committed divers Piracies, are seized, by your Order, in New England, together with their Treasure and Effects, We have thought fit to direct, That One of his Majesty's Ships be sent thither, on purpose to bring the said William Kidd, and the rest of the Pirates, in safe custody to England, together with their said Treasure and Effects; and that the Commander of his Majesty's said Ship do follow and observe such Orders as he shall receive from you, relating to the Performance of this Service. We judge it requisite to acquaint your Lordship therewith; and to direct and require you, upon the Arrival of the said Man of War, to cause the said William Kiddj and the rest of the

II W. III. 4" Decembris.

the Prisoners on Account of Piracies, to be safely delivered into the Custody of the Commander thereof; and the Treasure, and other Effects that have been taken belonging to the said Pirates, to be put on board, under the Care of a fit Person, to be appointed by your Lordship in pursuance of what is signified to you by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury. Arid we do not doubt but your Lordship Will cause the said Man of War to be dispatched as soon as possible; and all the Evidence you have against the Prisoners to be, at the same time, transmitted hither, in order to their Prosecution.

At the Court of Whitehall, the 12th Day

of September 1699, in the 1 ith Year of his Majesty's Reign.

By their Excellencies Command*

R. Yard*

To their Excellencies the L( rds Justices of Englandi The humble Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the East Indies;

Sheweth,

That the Petitioners having received, from their Ge* neral, President, and Council of Bombay and Surratt, fresh Advices by the Chamber Frigate, lately arrived in the River, of further Depredations made by the Pirates in the Indian Seas; and of the Design of their Commanders in sailing to St. Marie s, off the Island of Madagascar, and then for the West India Plantations, to be refitted, and to return back; The Copies of the Clauses of their Letters relating the reunto, the said Governor and Company do herewith humbly lay before your Excellencies; and do most humbly pray, your Excellencies vould be pleased to give such further needful Orders to his Majesty's Governors of the West India Plantations, or any others, for seizing such of the said Pirates Ships as shall return thither, as to your Excellencies, in your great Wisdom, shall seem most meet, for preserving the Trade to India: And the Petitioners shall ever pray, fy.

Signed by Order of the -said fJovernor and Company,

Ro. Blackborne, Secretary.

The Narrative of Captain Thomas South, Commander of the Chamber Frigate, who accompanied the Mogidfs Moca Fleet from Suratt thither, and back again to Suratt.

My sailing Orders and Instructions, given unto me by the General and Council at Bombay, and President and Council at Suratt, were, to proceed along with the Fleet of Ships sailing from Suratt to Moca; and especially to take care, out and home, of the MoguU's owm Ships, wherein were the principal Pilgrims.

Accordingly I sailed thither, leaving Suratt the 22d of March 1697-8. The ldth August following w e departed Moca with 26 Ships in Company and a fair Wind, and got through the Babs the same Night: The next Day had contrary Winds and Calms, and so continued, for the most part, to the 6th of September. These unseasonable Calms, and contrary Winds, made Wood, Water, and all manner of Provisions, so scarce, that some Ships were forced to leave the Fleet, and stand for the Arabian Shore.

The 12th of September a new Ship, about 600 Tons, belonging wholly to the Turks of Judda, commanded by a Ji/rA'called Nocqveda Husson Ammudon, left us, and vias taken by the Pirates the 24th ditto, as we afterw ards heard, in Sight of the Highland of St.Johns. He had 6or 700 People on board, and 26 Horses: Want of Water, made them, as was supposed, desert us.

The 25th of September, in the Afternoon, I saw the Land off St.Johns; and the 30 ditto got safe to an Anchor, with the Mogull's and other Ships in my Company, before Suratt Rivers Mouth; having punctually observed my Orders to the Satisfaction of every body.

London, 22 June, 1699* Tho. South.

Vol. Vi.

Extract of Silratt General Letter to the Easi India Kidd's Company, dated 5th December 1698. Signed by Piracy Samuel Annesley President, Steph. Colt, Ephr. Ben-dali and John Robinson.

' Kidd, in the Adventure Gaily* was riot at the Red Seai nor have we any New's of him where he is; but presume is gone with the Quedah Merchant to Madagascar, or the West Indies to refit and victual, his Ship being very leaky and crazy.

In the beginning of October, Two Pirates of Daman took a Portuguese Ship belonging to that Place, and another of theirs soon after* bound for Dieu; which put us in no small Concern, lest 9ome of the scattered Fleet from the Red Sea should fall into their Hands, as the Gunsway did in the Year 1695* By way of Prevention we proposed, by a Third Person, to the Governor, That he would send for the French Directore, on their Ships the Princess of Savoy and Ponchatrairis Arrival at Bombay, which was the First of September, to order their cruising abroad, to prevent so great an Evil; but to no Purpose.

Next we complained of the Ships exposing themselves to Danger by leaving their Convoy. We were soon convinced our Apprehensions were reasonable, by the unfortunate Seizure of one of the best Ships that belongs to this Port, and the richest that came from Judda. Hei4 Owner is Brother to the Sherreef of that Country: We hear Two Ships took her off the Bar of Daman. The Town, at News of this, was presently in great Disorder*

It was reported the Villains turned adrift in the Ship's Boats, without Oars, Sail, dr Provisions, 150 of the Pilgrims, whom the Tide carried to Bazeen. The Women Passengers^ about Sixty, were kept aboard, and inhumanly abused; to avoid which Indignity Five stabbed themselves. The Treasure, Goods, and Horses, in the Ship, werd computed to be worth 185,000 Rupees.

Upon this, the Governor ordered riorte of our People should be permitted to pass any Gate of the Town; hauled up our Boats to the Custom-house; nor would let any Provisions go to our Ships, which were, through their tedious Passage, in want of all things; and sent hid Officers to the Merchants, to bring their Vessels, thaft were abroad, within the River; and wholly put a Stop to all Proceedings of the Port. Upon this we concluded it necessary to stand upon Guard; and, to that End, and for securing our Countrymen abroad from any Outrage of the Rabble, we called them into the Factory, and sent the Governor word, we designed only to protect ourselves against the Turks and Arabs, that threatened our Lives, and not to oppose the Government; which he consented and advised us to; and we have been ever since, Night and Day, in the same Posture of Defence.

When the Turks, &c. from Baseen, came into the Tow n, some of the principal of them wrote to the Governor for his Permission to revenge themselves upon us: That they would break into the Factory, and rob and murder us, in case he would not do them Justice, as they called it. This he severely forbid them; and threatened, if they should attempt any such thing, he would send his Guards, and cut them off; privately informing us of their Intentions, and his Resolution to defend us.

On the First Council Day afterwards, his House was surrounded with a strong Body of Horse and Foot, to oppose any Tumult the Mob, that were gathering before it, might make; and admitted only to him Two or Three of their Company, telling them He would send up their Complaints to the King, and follow his Orders; and so dismissed them in great Discontent. They combined to draw up a Writing, to be signed by all Mahometans, That the English Infidels had robbed, killed, ductile true Believers; and they would forbear all publick Worship in their Musseets, till the King would order them Satisfaction. But this the Governor, being a stern Man, soon quelled, one by one being afraid to displease him who, they saw, apparently took our Parts.

At present they have, in Conjunction w'ith the Armenians and others, plundered in the Quedah Merchant,

F sent

Kidd's

Piracies.

i8 4° Decemb1699*

sent up their Grievances to their Friends at Court; and, New York: He brought Emot from thehce to Rhode in Expectation of the King's Answer, are quiet. Island, and there landed him, sending him hither to me,

The Talk Husson Ammeden, Owner of the Ship the with an Offer of coming into this Port, provided I Pirates took, designed for Court to complain against us, would pardon him. I was a little puzzled how to manage as soon as his other Ship that is at Muscat arrives to a Treaty of that Kind with Emot, a cunning Jacobite, a furnish him with Money. In case he cannot get his un- fast Friend of Fletcher's, and my avowed Enemy. When reasonable Ends of us there, he threatens to take Satis- he proposed my pardoning Kidd, I told hirii, It was true, faction for his Losses by his Brothers Means, who is the King had allowed me a Power to pardon Pirates; Chief of Judda, on the Surrat Merchants Goods, which but that 1 was so tender of using it, because I would bring lie reckons to be 350,000 Rupees; and may be effected, no Stain on my Reputation, that I bad set myself a Rule, to make us further Trouble. never to pardon Piracy without the King's express Leave

We understand, That the Pirates that took the Turks and Command. Emot told me, He had left the great and Portuguese Ships were at Rajapore, where they sunk Moorish Ship he took in India, which Ship I have since the smallest of their Vessels, Three of the Horses, found went by the Name of the Quidah Merchant, in a Coffee, Opium, and Mudjeet, into the Sea, and turned Creek on the Coast of Hispaniola, with Goods to the ashore some of the Men and Women they esteemed most Value of 30,000 /.; That he had bought a Sloop, in unserviceable, who, most of them are gone to Court to which he was come before to make his Terms: That add to the Noise and Complaints there; and some are he had brought in the Sloop with him several Bales of returned hither. We hear not as yet how the Portu- East India Goods, Threescore Pound Weight of Gold in gueze have disposed of the Ten Men they had at Goa. Dust and in Ingots, about a Hundred Weight of Silver,

A Frenchman they put adrift, reports their Discourse was, and several other things, which he believed would sell for they would go to the West Indies. This was the last Ac- about 10,000l. Emot also told me, That Kidd-was very count we have of these horrid Wretches. innocent, and would make it appear that his Men forced

him, locking him up in the Cabin of the Adventure Extract of Bombay General Letter to the East India Gaily, while they robbed Two or Three Ships; and that Company, dated 13th December 1698, signed he could prove this by many Witnesses. I answered by Sir John Gayer, John Burnt sun, Enoch Walsh, Emot, That if Kidd could make that appear, he might William Aislabie, Benjamin Stacey. safely come into this Port, and I would undertake to get

We are informed, by the Master of the Benjamin him the Kings Pardon. I writ a Letter to Captain Kidd, Yacht, That the Ship's Name that took Husson Amine- inviting him to come in; and that I would procure a don the Turk's Ship, lately off*. Johns, was the Solda- Pardon for him, provided he were as innocent as Mr. do, one Dirick Olivers, a Dutchman, Inhabitant of New Emot said he was; and I sent my Letter to him by one York, being Commander of her, who formerly burnt the ^r- Campbell, of this lown, a Scotchman as well as Ships at Callicutt, of which you have had an Account Kidd, and his Acquaintance: Within Three or Four Days formerly; and this is the Ship that they lately sunk at Campbell returned to, me with a Letter from Kidd, full of Rajapore, being very leaky, w hose Command*, r and Men Protestations of his Innocence, and informing me of his are now all on board the Turk's Ship, which they call by Design of coming into this Port. I must not forget to the same Name: Another of the Three that was in tell your Lordships, ThatCampbell brought Three or Four Company was the Mocho Frigate, commanded by Robert sin0dl Jewels to my Wife, which I was to know nothing Collijocd, that run away with the Josiah Ketch from she came quickly, and discovered them tome;

Madrass: The Third they call the Ptllican, which is an asked, Whether she should keep them; which I ad-£/?g*&A-built Ship, but very leaky. They all Three vised her to do for the present: For I reflected, that my sailed from Onoar the 10th of October; at which time shewing an Over-nicety might do Hurt, before I had they told Mr. Harvey, and the Master of the Yacht, made a full Discovery what Goods and Treasure were in That they were bound to the Island *$/. Marys off Ma- the Sloop. All this whole Matter, even to my writing dagascar; that therefore none need fear any further Da- my Letter to Kidd, was transacted with the Privity and mage from them this Year, nor at all from the Machos Advice of the Council.

and Soldados People; for that they had got Money Kidd landed here this Day Sevennight; and I would enough, and were all, but such as had lost their Money not so much as speak with him, but before Witnesses: I at Play, resolved to go to some Part of the West Indies in thought he looked very guilty; and, to make me believe the Neiv Soldado; but that the Pellicans Men, who had so> he> and his Friend Livingston, who posted hither from got no Purchase, but were very poor, they would sink Albany, upon News of Captain Kidd's Design ot coming their Ship, which was very leaky, w hen they came to hither, and Campbell aforesaid, began to juggle together, Saint Marys, where they should have the A/oc/jo Frigate anc^ embezzle some of the Cargo: Besides, Kidd did when them that belong to her w'ere gone on board the strangely trifle with me and the Council, Three or Four Soldado in order to their proceeding to the West Indies, times that we had him under Examination. Mr. Living-as aforesaid; with which Ship they, and such as had trton a,so came to me in a peremptory Manner, and de-

gamed away their Money, would return to this Coast manded up his Bond, and the Articles, which he sealed

next Year, to enrich themselves by the Mocho Fleet, as to ine upon Kidd's Expedition; and told me, That Kidd their Consorts had done; for that they came out for Mo- wore all the Oaths in the World, That unless I did im-ney, and Money they would have before they returned; mediately indemnify Mr. Livingston, by giving up his and so they bid them tell the General. Now, whether Securities, he would never bring in that great Ship and these Villains will thus act, or otherwise, we do not Cargo, but that he would take care to satisfy Mr. Living-know*. ston himself out of that Cargo. I thought this was such

_ ‘ an Impertinence both in Kidd and Livingston, that it was

lhe Earl of Bellxmtont s Letter to the Lords of the time for me to look about me and to secure Kidd. I had

Council ot irade, about Captain Kidd. Notice, That he designed my Wife a Thousand Pound in

My Ldrds, Boston, 8th July, 1699. Gold Dust and Ingots last Thursday; but I spoiled his

I have the Misfortune to be ill of the Gout, at a time Compliment, by ordering him to be arrested, and com-W'hen I have a great deal of Business to exercise both my mitted that Day, shew ing the Council my Orders from Head, and my Hand. Court for that Purpose. Tw o Gentlemen of the Council,

It will not be unwelcome News to your Lordships to Two Merchants, and the Collector, have the Charge of all tell you, That I secured Captain Kidd last Thursday, in the the Cargo; and they are preparing Inventories of every Gaol of this Town: He had been hovering on the Coast thing, which shall be sent to your Lordships by the towards New York, for more than a Fortnight; and sent next Ship. I delivered up to those Five Persons the to one Mr. Emot, to come from New York to him, at a Jewels that I have formerly told you Kidd sent by Camp-Place called Oyster-Bay, in Nassau Island, not far from bell to my Wife, and that at the Council Board.

13 If

11 W. IIL 46 Decembrist

v

If I had not kept Mr. Secretary Vernon's Orders for seizing and securing Kidd, and his Associates, with all their Effects, with the less Secrecy, 1 had never got him*to comeiu: For his Countrymen, Mr; Graham and Livingston, would have been sure to caution him to shift for himself; and would have been well paid for their Pains.

I received the Lords Justices Orders about Kidd, and likewise Mr. Secretary Vernons, about Three Months before iny leaving New York; but I never discovered them to any body: And, when I heard People say, That the neighbouring (lovemors had Orders from Court to seize him, 1 laughed, as if I believed no such thing. I wish they may not let him escape here, as they have Bradish a noted Pirate. About a Fortnight ago, Bradish and another Pirate got out of Goal of this Town, and escaped, with the Consent of the Gaoler, as there is great Reason to believe.

As the Law stands in this Country, a Pirate cannot be

Eunished with Death: Therefore I desire to receive Were what to do with Bradish's Crew; and also with Kidd, and those Men of his I have taken.

Since my leaving New York, One of the Four Ships has come in that went frotn thence to Madagascar last Summer, and of which I informed your Lordships; and has brought Sixty Pirates, and a vast deal of Treasure.

I hear, that every one of the Pirates paid 150/. for his Passage; and the Owners have, I am told, cleared 30,000l. by this Voyage. It is observable, Mr. Hack-thaw, One of the Merchants that petitioned against me to your Lordships, and Stephen Delaney a hot-headed saucy Frenchman, and Mr. Hackshaws Correspondent, are the thief Owners of this Ship. I hear there are 200 Pirates at Madagascar when this Ship came aw ay, w ho intended to take their Passage in Frederick Phillip's Ship, and the Other Two belonging to New York.

A great Ship has been seen off this Coast many time this Week, supposed to be one Maise, a Pirate, w'ho has brought a vast deal of Wealth from the Red Seas. There is a Sloop also at Rhode Island, which is said to be a Pirate: I hear the Men go ashore there in the Day-time, and return to the Sloop at Night, and spend their Gold very liberally. We can do nothing tow ards the taking those Ships, for Want of a Man of War. I am manning out a Ship to go in quest of the Quedah Metchant left by Kidd on the Coast of Hispaniola: By some Papers which We seized with Kidd, and by his own Confession, we have found out where the Ship lies; and, according to his Account of the Cargo, we compute her to be worth 1o,ooooI. The Ship that carries this is just upon Sailing, and will not be persuaded to stay any longer; so that I cannot send your Lordships the Inventories of the Goods brought in by Kidd, nor the Informations u^e have taken about him from his own Men, till next Opportunity. I am, with respect,

My Lords,

Your Lordships most humble,

and obedient Servant,

Bellomont.

A Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bellomont to the Council of Trade.

My Lords, Boston, 26th July 99.

I gave your Lordships a short Account of my taking Capt Kidd, in my Letter of the 8th Instant: I shall, in this Letter, confine myself wholly to an Account of my Proceeding with him.

On the 13th of last Month Mr. Emot, a Lawyer of New York, came late at Night to me, and told me he Came from Captain Kidd, who was on the Coast with a Sloop, but would not tell where: That Kidd had brought Sixty Found Weight of Gold, about a hundred Weight of Silver, and Seventeen Bales of East India Goods, which was less by Twenty-four Bales than we have since got in the Sloop: That Kidd had left behind him a great Ship near the Coast of Hispaniola, that nobody but liim-iblfcould find out; ori board whereof there were, in Bale Goods, Saltpetre, and other things, to the Value of at Vol. 13.

least 30,000 /.: That, if I would give hirti Pardon* he Kidd's would bring in the Sloop and Goods hither, and would gcr and fetch the great Ship and Goods afterwards; Air;

Emot delivered me that Night Two French Passes, which Kidd took on board the Two Moors Ships, which were taken by him in the Seas of India, or, as he alleges, by his Men against his Will: One of the Passes wants a Date in the Original, as in the Copy I send your Lordships; and they go N° I. and N° II.

On Thursday, the 1.5th of June, I sent Mr. Campbell, the Post-master of this Town, Kidds Countryman and Acquaintance, along with Mr. Emot, to invite Kidd to comd into this Port: Mr. Campbell returned hither on the 19th of June, and gave in a Memorial to Myself and the Council, containing what had passed between him and Kidd:

The said Memorial goes N° IIL On the said 19th of June, as I sat in Council, I wrote a Letter to Captain Kidd, and shewed it to the Council: and they approving of it*

I dispatched Mr. Campbell again to Kidd with my said Letter; a Copy whereof goes N" IV. Your Lordships may observe, That the Promise I make Captain Kidd, in tny said Letter, of a kind Reception, and promising the King's Pardon for him, is conditional; that is, provided he was as innocent as he pretended to be: But I quickly found sufficient Cause to suspect him very guilty, by the many Lyes and Contradictions he told me. I was so much upon my guard with Kidd, that, he arriving here on Saturday the 8th of this Month, I would not see him, buf before Witnesses; nor have I ever seen him since, but in Council, twice or thrice, that xve examined him; and the Day he was taken up by the Constable, it happened to be by the Door of rnv Lodging, and he rushed in, and came running to me, the Constable after him. I had him not seized till Thursday the 6th Instant; for I had a minds to discover where he had left the great Ship* and I thought myself secure enough from his running away, because I took care not to give him the least Umbrage of my Design of seizing him: Nor had‘I, till that Day that I produced my Orders from Court for apprehending of Kidd, communicated them to any body 2 And I found it necessary to shew tny Orders to the Council, to animate them to join heartily with me in securing Kidd, and examining his Affair nicely, to discover w hat we could of his Behaviour in his whole Voyage* Another Reason w by I took him not up sooner was, that he had brought his Wife and Children hither in the Sloop with him, who, I believed, he would not easily forsake. He being examined twice or thrice by me and the Council, and also some of his Men, 1 observed he seemed much disturbed: And, the last time we examined him, I fancied he looked as if he were upon the Wing, and resolved to run away; and the Gentlemen of the Council had some of them the same thought with mine, so that I took their Consent in seizing and committing him: But the Officers appointed to seize his Men were so careless, as to let T hree or Four of his Men escape; which troubled me the more, because they were old New York Pirates.

The next thing the Council and I did w as to appoint a Committee of trusty Persons, to search for the Goods and Treasure brought by Kidd; and to secure what they should find, till the Kings Pleasure should he known as to the Disposition thereof, as my Orders from Air. Secretary Vernon import. The said Committee were made up of Two Gentlemen of the Council, Two Merchants, and the Deputy Collector, whose Names are to the inclosed Inventory of the Goods and Treasure. They searched Kidd's Lodgings, and found hid and made up in Two Sea Beds, a Bag of Gold Dust and Ingots, of the Value of about 1,000l.; and a Bag of Silver, part Money, and part Pieces and Pigs of Silver, Value asset down in the said Inventory. In the above Bag of Gold were several little Bags of Gold: All Particulars are very justly and exactly set down in the Inventory, I believe.

For my Part, I have meddled with no manner of thing; but put every thing under the Management of the Council, and into the Custody of the before-mentioned Committee

Kidd's

Tracies.

v

20

Decembris.

A. 1699.

mittee, that 1 might be free from the Suspicion and Censure of the World.

The enamelled Box, mentioned in the Beginning of the Inventory, is that which Kidd made a Present of to my Wife by Mr. Campbell-, which 1 delivered in Council to

the said Committee, to keep with the rest of the Treasure. There was in it a Stone Bing, which we take to be a

BristollSione: If it were true, it would be worth about 40/.: And there was a small Stone unset, which we believe is also counterfeit; and a Sort of a Locket, with Four Sparks, which seem to be right Diamonds; for there is nobody here that understands Jewels. If the Box, and all that is in it, were right, they cannot be worth above 6°/.

Your Lordships will see, in the middle of the Inventory, a Parcel of Treasure and Jewels, delivered up by Mr. Gardiner of Gardiner's Island in the Province of Next) York, and at the East End of Nassau Island; the Recovering and Seizing of which Treasure is owing to my own Care and Quickness. I heard, by greatest Accident in the World, the Day that Captain Kidd was committed, That a Man had offered 30/. for a Sloop to carry him to Gardiners Island; and Kidd having owned he had borrowed some Gold on that Island, though he never mentioned to us any Jewels, nor, I believe, would he have owned the Gold there, but that he thought he should be sent for it, I presently reflected, that That Man, whom I have since discovered to be one of s Men, was to defeat us of that Treasure: I privately posted away a Messenger by Land, with a peremptory Order to Mr. Gardiner, in the King's Name, to come forthwith,

and deliver up such Treasure as or any of his Crew', had lodged with him; acquainting him, That I had committed Kidd to Gaol, as I was ordered to do by the King. My Messenger made great Haste, and was with Gardiner before any body; and Gardiner, who is a very substantial Man, brought away the Treasure without Delay, and, by my Direction, delivered it into the Hands of the Committee. If the Jewels be right, as it is supposed they are, but I never saw them, nor the Gold and Silver brought by Gardiner, then we guess that the Parcel brought by him may be worth, Gold, Silver, and Jewels, 4,500l.; And besides, Kidd had left six Bales of Goods with him, One of which was tw ice as big as any of the rest; and Kidd gave him a particular Charge of that Bale, and told him, it was worth 2,000 /.: The Six Bales Gardiner could not bring; but 1 have ordered him to send them by a Sloop that is since gone from hence to Nexc York, which is to return speedily. We are not able to set an exact Value on the Goods and Treasure we have got, because we have not opened the Bales we took on board the Sloop: But we hope, when the Six Bales are sent in by Gardiner, what will be then in the Hands of the Gentlemen appointed to that Trust, will amount to about 14,000l. I have sent strict Orders to my Lieutenant Governor at New York, to make diligent Search for the Goods and Treasure sent by Kidd to New York, in Three Sloops mentioned in Gardiner's Affidavit, which I send, with the other Affidavits and Informations, to your Lordships; and I believe I have directed him where to find a Purchase in a House at New York, which, by a Hint I have had, I am apt to believe will be found out in that House. 1 have sent to search elsewhere a certain Place strongly suspected to have received another Deposition of Gold from Kidd. I am also upon the Hunt for Two or Three Arch Pirates, which I hope to give your Lordships a good Account of by my next Conveyance. If I could have but a good able Judge and Attorney General at York,a Man of War there, and another here, and the Companies recruited and well paid, I will rout Pirates and Piracy intirely out of all this North Part of America: But, as I have too often told your Lordships, it is impossible for me to do all this alone in my single Person.

I wrote your lordships Word, in my last Letter of the 8th Instant, That Bradish the Pirate, and One of his Crew, were escaped out of the Gaol of this Tow n. We

have since found, that the Gaoler was ' Kinsman;

and the Gaoler confessed, they went out at the Prison Door, and that he found it wide open. We had all the Reason in the World to believe the Gaoler was consenting to the Escape: By much ado I could get the Council to resent the Gaoler's Behaviour; but, by mere Importunity, I had the fellow before us: We examined him, and, by his own Story, and Accounts given us of his suffering other Prisoners formerly to escape, I prevailed to have him turned out, and a Prosecution ordered against him to the Attorney General. I have also, with some Difficulty, this late Session of Assembly here, got a Bill to pass, That the Gaol be committed to the Care of the High Sheriff of the County, as in England, with a Salary of 30/. per Annum, to the said Sheriff: I w'ould have had it 50/. per Annum, for the Sheriff's Encouragement to be honest and careful; but I could not prevail. I am forced to allow the Sheriff 405. per IVfor keeping Kidd safe, otherwise I should be in some Doubt about him. He has, without Doubt, a great deal of Gold, which is apt to tempt Men that have not Principles of Honour:

I have therefore, to try the Power of dull Iron against Gold, put him into Irons that weigh Sixteen Pound Weight. I thought it moderate enough; for I remember, poor Doctor Oates had a Hundred Weight of Iron on him, when he was a Prisoner in the late Reign. There never was a greater Lyar in the World than this Kidd:notwithstanding he assured the Council and me, every time we examined him, That the great Ship, and her Cargo, waited his Return to bring her hither; and now your Lordships will see, by Two several Informations of Masters of Ships from , that the Cargo

has been sold there: And, in-One of them, it is said, they have burnt that noble Ship; and, without Doubt, it was by Kidds Order, that the Ship might not be an Evidence against him; for he would not ow n to us her Name was the Qucdah Merchant, though his Men did. Andries Henlyne, and Two more, brought the first News to New York, of the Sale of that Cargo at Curacoa; and never such Pennyworths heard of for Cheapness. Captain Exxrtz is he w ho has brought the New s of the Ship's being burnt. She was of about 500 Ton; and Kidd told us at the Council, there never was a stronger or stauncher Ship seen. His Lying had like to have involved me in a Contract, that would have been very chargeable, and to no manner of Purpose, as he has ordered Matters. I was advised by Council to dispatch a Ship of good Countenance, to go and fetch away that Ship and Cargo.

I had agreed for a Ship of 300 Tons, 22 Guns; and I was to man her with Sixty Men, to force, if there had been need of it, the Men to yield who were left with the Ship. I w as just going to seal the Writing, when I bethought myself it were best to press Kidd, once more to tell me Truth. I therefore sent to him Two Gentlemen of the Council to the Gaol; and he at last owned, That he had left a Power with one Mr. j , a

Merchant of Antegoa, w hom he had committed the Care

of the Ship to, to sell and dispose of all the Cargo: Upon which Confession of Kidd's I held my Hand from hiring that great Ship, which would have cost 1,700l. by Computation. And now Tomorrow I send the Sloop Captain Kidd came in, with the Letters to the Lieutenant Governor of Antegoa, Colonel Yeomans, to the Governors

of St. Thomas's Island and- Curacoa, to seize and secure w hat Effects they can, that was late in the Possession of Kidd, and on board the Qucdah Merchant. There is one Burt, an Englishmen, that lives at St. Thomas, who has got a great Store of the Goods and Money for Kidd's Account. St. Thomas belongs to the Danes; but I hope to retrieve what Burt has in his Hands. The sending this Sloop will cost but about 300l. if she be out Three Months. I hope your Lordships will take care, that immediate Orders be sent to Antegoa to secure Bolton, w ho must have played the Knave egregiously; for he could not but know', that K came knavishly by that Sloop and Goods. It is reported, That the Dutch of Curatoa have loaded Three Sloops with those Goods,

and

11W. III. a° Decembris. 1

and sent them to Holland: Perhaps it were not amiss, to send and watch their Arrival in if it be

practicable to lay Claim to them there.

Since my Commitment of Kidd, I hear, That, upon his Approach to this Port, his Heart misgave him; and he proposed to his Men, the putting to Sea again, and going to Caledonia, the new Scotch Settlement, near Darien;

but they refused.

I desire I may have Orders what to do with and all his and Bradish' Crew; for as the Law stands in this Country, if a Pirate were convict, yet he cannot suffer Death: And the Council here refused to pass the Bill to punish Privateers and Pirates, which your Lordships sent with me from England, with a Direction to recommend

it at New York and here, to be passed into a Law. I shall, by next Conveyance, acquaint your Lordships, what a Prejudice I have found in some of the Council to the J^aws of England this Session; but, having writ myself almost dead, I must, till another Opportunity, forbear to treat of the Affairs of this. Province; but, when I do, I must tell your Lordships beforehand, I will not dissemble with you, to favour any Man, or Number of Men; I am both above it, and I should think I did not do the Part of an honest Man, if I concealed any thing from you, that tends to the Prejudice of the Interest of England.

You will observe, by some of the Informations I now send, That Kidd did not only rob the Two Moors Ships, but also a Portuguese Ship; which he denied absolutely to the Council and me.

I send your Lordships Twenty-four several Papers and Evidences relating to Captain Kidd: It is impossible for me to animadvert, and make Remarks, on the several Matters contained in the said Papers, in the weak Condition I am at present; but must leave that Trouble to Mr. Secretary Popple, whose excellent clear Method in Business fits him incomparably beyond me for such a Work.

I will always continue to be, with much Respect,

My Lords,

Your Lordships most humble

and obedient Servant*

Bellomont,

N* I. A Copy of the French Pass.

De par le Roy.

Nous Francois Martin, escuir, conseiller du Roy, directeur-g6n£ral du commerce pour la royalle compagnie de France dans le royautne de L'engalle, coste de Coro-mandelle, et autres lieuz, k tous ceux qui ces presentes lettres verront, salut. Les nomm^s Coja Ouanesse, et Coja Jacob Armenien, Nacodas du navire Cara, marchand* que le nomme Agapiris, Kalender marchand Armenien a Strete ct Surate du nomme Cohcrgy Nannabaye Parsy, le dit navire du port dc trois cent cinquante ton-neaux, ou environ, sur lequel est pilote Rette taudel ou Bosseman Giuaunatou etecrivain Gassou; nous ayants remontre, quayants pris, avant leur depart de Surate, un passeport de la compagnie, qu'ils nous ont represent^ en datte du premier Janvier mil six cent nonante sept, signe Martin; et plus bas, de Grangeinont: qu'ils aprehendoient d'estre inquiefoz dans le voyage qu'ils doivent faire de ce port&celuyde Surate, sous pretexteque ledit passeport est surann6; et qu'ainsy ils nous privient instemmentdeleuren faire expedier un novent: ces causes recommendons k

tous ceux, qui sont sous l'autorit£ de la compagnie, prions les chefs d'escadres, et commandans des vaisseaux de sa majesty, requirons tous les amis et aliez de la couronne, de n'apporter aucun emp^chement, qui puisse retarder son voyage; ains luy donner toutes sortes d'aydes, et d'assistance; promettant, en cas pared, faire semblabte. En foy dequoy, nous avons signe ces presentes. Fait contresigner, par le secretaire de la compagnie; et k icelle apposer le sceau de ces armes, au comptoir-g£n£ral D'ougly, le quatorzieme Janvier mil six cent nonante huit.

Martin.

Par mon dit Seur Desprez.

Vol. 13.

N® II. De par le Roy.

Nous Jean Baptiste Martin, directeur-g£n£ral de la Kidd's royalle compagnie de France des. Indes Orientales, k tous Piracies, ceux qui ces presentes lettres verront, salut. Savoir fasons, que le nomme Vameldas Narendas marchand de Baroche, desirant envoyer son navire noinm6 Rouparelle du port de cent cinquante tonneaux, ou environ, partant du part de Baroche pour aller & Malabare, Brugalle, et . Bassora, command^ par le Nacoda Abdel Reyin, sur lequel est pilate Issac Cendel, ou Bosseman Joquy, et ecrivain Dalet Mamet, nous auroit justeimnent prj£ de luy donner ndtre passeport; ce que nous luy avons octroy^; it ces causes ordonnons k tous ceux, qui sont sous notre autorit£, prions les commandants des navires de sa majesty de l'ayder et secourir en tout ce qu'il aura besoin, si leurs ordres ne sont contraires, et de faire saisir, comme deserteurs, les Francois, qui seront dessus sans conge, par ecrit de messieurs les directeurs-g£n6raux de Bengalle, ou de nous: et requirons tous nos amiz et allicz de n'ap-porter aucun emp^chement, qui puisse retarder son voyage; ains, au contrarire, de luy donner toute ayde et se-cours; promettant, en cas pared, faire semblable. Fn say dequoy, nous avons signe ces presentes. Fait contresigner par le secretaire de la ditte compagnie; et it icelies appos£ le sceau de ces armes. Fait it comptoir de Su-ratte, le

Martin.

Boston, June the 1 plh, 1699.

N® III. The Memorial of Duncan Campbell, of Boston, humbly presented to his Excellency the Earl of

Bellomont.

I, the said Duncan Campbell, being at Rhode Island on Saturday the 17th June current; that Morning I went iu a Sloop from the said Island, in Company with Mr. Janies Emott of New York, and Two other Men belonging to the said Sloop, towards Block Islaand, about Three Leagues from that Island, I met a Sloop commanded by Captain Kidd, and having on board about Sixteen Mert

besides; after hailing of which Sloop, and being informed,

That the said Kidd was Commander thereof, he the said Kidd desired me to come on board the same; which I accordingly did, and, after some Discourse passed, the said Kidd desired me to do him the Favour as to make what Speed I could for Boston, and acquaint your Excellency,-That the said Kidd had brought a Ship, about 5 or 690 Tons, from Madagascar, which, some considerable time since, he met within* and commanded her there to bring to; and that thereupon the Pilot, being a,

came on board the said Kidd's Ship, and told him, the said Kidd, He was welcome, and that the said Ship, to which the said Pilot belonged, was a lawful Prize to him, the said Kidd, she sailing under & French Pass: Whereupon he, the said Kidd, and Company, took the said Ship; and afterwards, understanding that the same belonged to the Moors, he, the said Kidd, would have delivered her up again; but his Men violently tell upon him, and thrust him into his Cabin, saying, The said Ship was a fair Prize; and then carried her into Madagascar, and rifled her of what they pleased: But before they got into Madagascar, the Gaily under Command of him, the said Kidd, became so leaky, that she would scarce keep above Water; whereupon the Company belonging thereto, having taken out her Guns, and some other Things, and put them on board the Prize, set the said Gaily on Fire.

The said Captain Kidd further told me, That, when he and his Company were arrived at Madagascar, several of his Company moved him to go and take a Ship called the Moco Frigate, that lay ready fitted at a Place not far distant from them, in the Possession of certain Privateers; and to go in the same for the Red Sea; but that he the said Kidd said, That, if they would join with him, he would attempt the taking of the said Ship, supposing her a lawful Prize, being formerly belonging to the King of England; but would not afterwardsgo with them on the said Design to the Red Sea: Whereupon Ninety of his, the said Kidd's Men, deserted him, went and took the said G Ship

Kidds

Piracies*

2 2 4° Decembris. A. 1699.

Ship, and sailed with the same on the said Design, as he, the said Kidd, was informed; obligingone Captain Culliver, the then Commander of her, to go along with them.

And the said Kidd further told me, That his Men having left him, and his Design frustrated, he thought it his best Way to preserve the said Ship then in his Possession, and the Goods on board her, for his Employers, or the proper Owners thereof: And accordingly, with the few Men lie had then left, which w ould not join with the other Ninety in their aforesaid Design, beingaboirt Twenty in Number, and with a few other Men, that he procured at Madagascar, to assist him in navigating the said Ship, he intended to have brought the same to Boston, according to his Orders; but, touching in his Way at the Island of St. Thomas, and other Places in the West Indies, he there heard, That great Complaints were preferred against him, and lie proclaimed a Pirate; which occasioned him to sail to a Place called Mona, near Hispaniola; from whence he sent to Curaso, and bought there (he Sloop on which he is now on board, and took into her to the Value of about 8 or ?0,000 L in Goods, Gold, and Plate; for which Gold and Plate he traded at Madagascar, and was produced by the Sale of sundry Goods and Stores, that he took out of the Adventure Gaily, formerly commanded by him; and hath left the Ship taken by his Company, and carried to Madagascar, as aforesaid, at or near Mona abovesaid, in the Custody of about Six Men of his own Company, and Eighteen others that he got from Curaso; the Merchant, of whom he bought the said Sloop, being intrusted therewith; unto which he hath promised to return again in Three Months; the said Kidd resolving to come into Boston, or New York, to deliver up unto your Excellency what Goods and Treasure he hath on board; and to pray your Excellency's Assistance, to enable him to bring the said Ship, left by him at Mom aforesaid, from thence; the said Ship being disabled from coming for want of Furniture.

But the said Captain Kidd further informed me, That by reason of what his Men had heard in the West Indies, as aforesaid, of their being proclaimed Pirates, they would not consent to his coming into any Port without some Assurance from your Excellency, That they should not be imprisoned nor molested: And the said Captain Kidd did several times protest solemnly, That he had not done any thing since his going out in the said Gaily contrary to his Commission and Orders, more than what he was necessitated unto, being overpowered by his Men that deserted him, as aforesaid; who evil-intreated him several times for his not consenting to, or joining with them in, their Actions: And all the Men on board the Sloop now with hhn did, in like manner, solemnly protest their Innocence; and declared, That they had used their utmost Endeavours in preserving the aforesaid Ship and Goods for the Owners or Employers.

The said Kidd also said, That, if your Lordship should see Cause so to direct, he would carry the said Ship for England\ there to render an Account of his Proceedings.

y

Which beforegoing contains the Particulars of what Captain Kidd and his Men related to

Your Lordship's most humble Servant,

Duncan Campbell.

N* IV. A Copy of the Earl of Bdlomont's Letter lo Captain Kidd.

Captain, Kidd, Boston, 19 June 1699.

Mr. Emott came to me last Tuesday Night late, telling me, He came from you, but was shy of telling where he parted with you; nor did I press him to it: He told me, You came to Oyster Bay, in Nassaio Island, and sent for him to New York. He proposed to me, That I would grant you a Pardon: I answered, That I had never granted one yet; and that I had set myself a Rule, not to grant a Pardon to any Body whatever without the King's express Leave or Command: He told me, You declared and protested your Innocence; and that, if your Men could be persuaded to follow* your Example, you would make no Manner of Scruple of coming into this

Port, or any other within his Majesty's Dominions: That you owned there were Two Ships taken; but that your Men did it violently, against your Will; and had used you barbarously, in imprisoning you, and treating you ill, most Part of the Voyage, and often attempting to murder you. Mr. Emott delivered me Twto French Passes, taken on board the Two Ships which your Men rifled; which Passes I have in my Custody; and I am apt to believe they will be a good Article to justify you, if the late Peace were not, by the Treaty between England and France, to operate in that Part of the World at the time the Hostility was committed, as I am almost confident it was not to do. Mr. Emott also told me, You had to about the Value of 10,000l. in the Sloop with you; and that you had left a Ship somewhere off the Coast of Hispaniola, in which there was to the Value of 30,000l. more, which you had left in safe Hands, and had promised to go to your People in that Ship, within Three Months, to fetch them with you to a safe Harbour. These are all the material Particulars I can recollect that passed betw een Mr. Emott and me: Only this, that he told me, that you shewed a great Sense of Honour and Justice, in professing, with many Asseverations, your settled and serious Design, all along, to do Honour to your Commission, and never to do the least Thing contrary to your Duty and Allegiance to the King: And this I have to say in your Defence, That several Persons at New York, who I can bring to evidence it, if there be Occasion, did tell me, That by several Advices from Madagascar, and that Part of the World, they were informed of your Men's revolting from you in one Place; which I am pretty sure they said was at Madagascar; and that others of them compelled you, much against your Will, to take and rifle Two Ships.

I have advised with his Majesty's Council, and shewed them this Letter, this Afternoon; and they are of Opinion, That if your Case be so clear as you (or Mr. Emott for you) have said, then you may safely come hither, and be equipped, and fitted out, to go and fetch the other Ship; and I make no Manner of Doubt but to obtain the King's Pardon for you, and those few Men you have left; who, I understand, have been faithful to you, and refused, as well as you, to dishonour the Commission you had from England.

I assure you, on my Word and Honour, I will perform nicely what I have now promised: Tliough this I declare beforehand, That whatever Treasure or Goods you bring hither, I will not meddle with the least Bit of them; but they shall be left with such trusty Persons as the Council shall advise, until I receive Orders from England, how they shall be disposed of.

Mr. Campbell will satisfy you, That this, That I have now writ, is the Sense of the Council, and of

Your humble Servant. Boston, June the 19th, 1699.

His Excellency read this Letter in Council: Which was approved of by them.

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

N* V. A Copy of Captain Kidd's Letter to the Earl of BeUommt.

From Block Island Road, on board the Sloop St Antonio, June the 24th, 1699.

May it please your Excellency,

I am honoured with your Lordship's kind Letter of the 19th current, by Mr. Campbell; which came to my Hands this Day; for which I return my most hearty Thanks.

I cannot but blame myself for not writing to your Lordship before this Time, knowing it was my Duty; but the Clamours, and false Stories, that have been reported of me, made me fearful of writing, or coming into any Harbour, till I could hear from your Lordship.

I note the Contents of your Lordship's Letter: As to what Mr. Emott and Mr. Campbell informed your Lordship of my Proceedings, I do affirm to be true; and a great Deal more might be said of the Abuses of my Men, and the Hardship I have undergone to preserve the Ship,

and

IIW. III.

Decembris,

n

and what Goods my Men had left: Ninety-five T\Ien went away from me in one Day, and went on board the Moca Frigate, Captain Robert Cullifar Commander; who went away to the Red Seas; and committed several Acts of Piracy, as I am informed; and am afraid (the Men formerly belonging to myXJally) that the Report is gone Homeugainst me to the East India Company, That I have been the Actor: A Sheet of Paper will not contain what may be said of the Care I took to preserve the Owners Interest, and to come Home to clear my own Innocency. I do further declare and protest, That I never did, in the least, act contrary to the King's Commission, nor to the Reputation of my honourable Owners; and doubt not but I shall be able to make my Innocence appear; or else I had no need to come to these Parts of the World, if it wefe not for that, and my Owners Interest There are Five or Six Passengers, that came from Mallegasco to assist me in bringing the Ship Home, and about Ten of my own Men, that came with me, would not venture to

Erato Boston, till Mr. Campbell had engaged, Body for dv, for them, That they should not be molested while Istaid at Boston, or till I return with the Ship. I doubt not but your Lordship will write to England in my favour, and for these few Men, that are left. I wish your Lordship would persuade Mr. Campbell to go Home for England, with your Lordship s Letters: Who w ill be able to give Account of our Affairs, and diligently follow the same, that there may he a speedy Answer from England.

I desired Mr. Campbell to buy 1,000 Weight cf Rigging, for fitting of the Ship to bring her to Boston, that I may not be delayed, when I come there. LIpon receiving of your Lordship's Letter, I am making the best of my Way for Boston.

This, with my humble Duty to your Lordship and Countess, is what offers from, my Lord,

Your Excellency's most humble and dutiful Servant,

Wm. Kidd.

N* VI. A Copy of the Earl of Bellomont's Letter to Mr. Gardiner.

Boston'm New-England, 8 July 1699.

Mr. Gardiner,

' Having received the King's express Orders for seizing and securing the Bodies of Captain Kiddy.. all his Associates, together with all their Effects, and till I should receive his Majesty's Royal Pleasure how to dispose of the same; I have accordingly secured Captain Kidd in the Gaol of this Town, and some of his Men: He has been examined by myself, and the Council, and has confessed, among other Things, That he left with you. a Parcel of Gold, made up in a Box, and some other Parcels besides; All which I require you, in his Majesty's Name, immediately to bring hither to me, that 1 may secure them for his Majesty's (Jse; and I shall recompense your Pains in coming hither. Iam

Your Friend and Servant,

Bellomont*

Boston, July 10th, 1609.

N* VII. A Copy of the Examination of Gabriel Lojf,

of Long Island, within the Province of New Yo?'k,

‘ Seaman.

Who saith, That, in September 1696, he entered himself on board the Adventure Gaily, Captain Kidd Commander, as a Foremast-man, at New York; and proceeded in the Gaily from thence, first to Madera, then to Bona-xhta, St. Jago, and from thence to Madagascar; from thence to Joanna and Mehila, from Mehila back to Joanna; and from Joanna made their Course into the Red Sea, to cruisefor Pirates; and, after some Time spent there, meeting with no Purchase, sailed for the Coast of India, and cruised there; and there gave Chace to a Ship, which shewed us French Colours, and Moorish Colours, and some others; and, after some Chace, came up with her; Captain Kidd commanded the Commander of her to come 00 board; who accordingly did: The Examinant knows not what Nation he was of; but-he brought a French Pass. Vql. 13,

and told Captain Kidd, That his Ship was a-Prize; and Kidd's Captain Kidd made Prize of her, and her Lading: She facies, was about 150 Tons in Burden, laden with Cotton-Wool,

Bees-Wax, Tobacco, and Tw o Horses; The Company w>ere chiefly Moors; — only Three Christians; — he knows not the Number: The Christians remained in the Gaily, and took up Arms there: The Moors wrere sent on Shore. Soon after the taking of this Ship, the Examinant was taken sick, and lay so most of the Voyage:

Knows not what they did with the Lading: The Ship they carried to Madagascar; and there sunk her. Some Weeks after the taking of the said Ship, they took another Ship, on the Coast of India, of Burden 400 Tons, or upwrards, commanded by one Wright, an Englishmen; which Ship came from Bengali: The Ship was chiefly manned with Moors and Armenians: There was Three Christians on board.

The Examinant further saith, They carried the said Ship and Lading with them to Madagascar; and there landed all the Bale-goods on board, consisting of Callicoes, Muslins, Silk, and white, striped, and plain, Ro-malls, Bengalis, and Laches: There fell betwixt Three and Four Bales to a Share: The Examinant had Three whole Bales, and a Piece of a Bale, to his Share; some of which he disposed of at Madagascar, to buy Provisions; and left some in the Ship; the Remainder he had in his owm Chest, and some in Martin Skinke's Chest; which Chests were put on board a New York Sloop in the Sound, commanded by one Coster, and committed to his Care, to be earned to New York: Captain Kidd had Forty odd Shares for himself, and his Ship; most of his Men deserted. At St. Marie's, a Difference arose betw ixt the Captain and his Company; Captain Kidd proposing to them to take the Mocha Frigate, which lay there; but the generality of the Men refused, saying, They would sooner shoot him, than into the said Mocha Frigate;

And they went aboard the said Frigate.

Further the Examinant saith, That the aforesaid Ship, commanded by Captain Wright, and taken by Captain Kidd in the Seas of India, was called the Quiddah Merchant: And that the said Kidd, and his Company that remained with him, brought the said Ship from Madagascar into Hispaniola, in the West Indies; and there the said Captain Kidd traded with Two Persons, named Boulton and Burt, for some of the Bale-goods, which were delivered put of the Ship: And Captain Kidd bought a Sloop of the said Mr. Boulton, and laded the said Sloop with Bale-goods taken out of the said Ship for so much as she could conveniently stow, and lodge the Men besides: The Number of Bales he know s not: And leaving the said Boulton, with Seventeen or Eighteen Men, on board the Ship, the said Captain Kidd, with several of his Company, proceeded in the said Sloop towards New York; and the Discourse was, That Captain Kidd w as to return to the Ship again within the Space of Three Months: And, after their Departure from Hispaniola, they arrived, with the said Sloop, first at the Hoi'ekills in Dclazoare Bay, where they landed a Chest belonging to one James Gillam, a Passenger with them from Madagascar: Knows not w hat was in it: And from the More-kills they sailed with the said Sloop into the Sound, and put some Goods on Shore at Gardeners Island: The Quantity the Examinant knows not: And also put some Goods and Chests on board the New York Sloop, one Coster Master, then lying at said Gardeners Island: And also put a Pack of Goods on shore at Tarpolin Cove.

Whilst they lay with the said Sloop off Rhode Island,

James Gillam, before named, went on shore in a Boat, that came on board the said Sloop: Knows not from whence the said Boat came, nor who she belonged to.

Gabriel Loss.

Taken, die preedict, before us,

Elisha Cooke, 7 T p Isa. Addington,) ac*

Copy examined per

J. Addington, Secretary.

Kidd's

Piracies.

24

40 Decemb

A. 1 6

N° VIII; Andms Hen. Lyne, John Pero, Jacob Ha-tees, lately come from Curasoa in the Sloop Mary, the said Andrics Master,

Inform, That they heard, That several Sloops had been on board of Captain Kidd's Ship in the River of Romano, near the Island Katharine, and fetched from thence several East India Goods, and carried them to Curasoa, and the Island St. Thomas; And, that they have seen at Curasoa great Quantities of the said Goods: And that John Pero saw one Ware, the Master of Kidd's Ship, at Curasoa; and was frequently with him there: And they beard, That one William Whitley, that went one of Kidds Mates from New York, sold Ten Bales of East India Goods for 1,000 Pieces of Eight to the Merchants of Cio'asoa; which was, by the Calculation of the Merchant that bought them, about the Price of 4 d. per Yard that Money, which is 6d. New York Money, Silks, Callicoes, and Muslins, one with another: And that they saw a Sloop, which they heard was to go to the said Ship the next Day after they parted from Curasoa, which was the 14th June last.

They heard also, That the Ship had lost her Anchors at the Island Moona; and that she was much out of Repair*

The said Persons examined by me the 1 oth, Day of July 1699.

S. V; Nortland.

N° IX. An Account received this 17th Day of July 1699, by Captain Nicolas Evertse.

That, in the Month of May last, he was at Curacoa; and, after he had been there Three or Four Weeks, News arrived, That Captain Kidd, with his Ship, was at the Island of Savona, to the South-east of Hispaniola;

from thence.....was brought by a Curacoa Master to

the Island St. Helena, nigh Hispaniola; where the same was brought in a Salt-Lagon; where the Inhabitants of Curacoa and St. Thomas traded with the same, and carried off several Sloops Load: And the said Evertz has seen some of the Goods brought to Curacoa: Whereupon the said Evertz did address himself to the Governor of Curacoa, Bostiaen Bernage, desiring his Assistance to hinder such a wicked Trade, seeing it was unlawful to trade with Pirates: All which, by some Accidents, was hindered, $c. And the said Evertz, departing from Curacoa, bound to this Port of New York; and, by reason of the Northerly Wind, not being able to reach above St. Helena, where the said Ship of Captain Kidds lay in the aforesaid Lagon, and was almost burnt down; which was on the 29th of June last, when the said Evertz saw it on Fire; there being then Two Sloops at that Place.

A true Copy.

Bellomofit.

N° X. The Examination of William sinkins, Richard Barlycorne, and Robert Lamley.

The Examination of William sinkins, of Bow near London, aged about 18 Years, Apprentice to Geo. Biillen deceased, late chief Mate to the Adventure Gaily, Captain Wm. Kidd Commander:

Who saith, That, some time after Christmas in the Year 1695, he sailed with the said Adventure Gaily from Plymouth in England; and the said Gaily made her Course for Nexv York; took a French Prize in her Way, which was canned in with the same.

That the said Gaily, some time after her Arrival at New York, sailed from thence to Madera; from Madera to Bonavista and St. Jago, where they took in Provisions, and steered for the Cape De Bon Esperance, but put not in there; but proceeded to Madagascar for Provisions, which they there took on board; then proceeded for an Island named Joanna; staid there about a Week, took on board some Water, and then went from thence to Mo-hilla; where the said Gaily was Uaid on Shore, and cleaned; and then returned again to the said Island of Joanna; from whence the said Gaily sailed to Matt a in the Red Sea, and there watered; and then proceeded to a Place

called Bobs Key, to wait for Shipping: And, during the Time of their being the re, the Moca Fleet passed by; but the said Gaily did not endeavour to come up or speak with any of them, apprehending the y were too strong { afterwards we spoke with a small Bark coming from the Red Sea, commanded by one Parker, out of which the Company belonging to the said Gaily took about a Bushel of Pepper: Then the said Gaily went into a Port called Callacut, where was an English Factory; remained there. Four or Five Days, and then went a cruising upon that Coast; and some Time afterwards gave Chace to a Ship about 150 Tons Burden, and, after about Nine Hour* Chace, came up with the same; then Captain Kidd ordered Two Shot to be fired at the same, to bring her to; whereupon she accordingly brought to; and the Master, being a Dutchman, called Skipper John, came on board: There was belonging to the said Ship Three Dutchmen^ a Boy, and the rest Moors, between Twenty and Thirty in Number; the Dutchmen, and Two or Three Moors9 were kept on board the said Gaily, and the rest of the said Moors had the Long-boat given to them to go on Shore, being then about Two Leagues distant from the same: The said Ship was loaded with Cotton, and had Two Horses likewise on board the same; which Cotton* and Horses, Captain Kidd and his Company sold to the Natives of the Country for Money and Gold; kept the said Ship with them, the Gaily being leaky, and carried^ her to Madagascar: When the said Gaily came up with, the said Ship, the said Gaily had abroad French Colours, and the Master of the said Ship brought on board s French Pass, having other Passes besides: The Time when the said Ship was taken, as above-mentioned, was about 13 or 14 Months since; about a Month or Five; Weeks after which, the said Gaily gave Chace to another Ship; and, having chased her about Four Hours, came) up with the same, the said Gaily having abroad French Colours, and the other Ship Armenian\ which Ship was of the Burden of about 400 Tons, called the Quedah Merchant, and was commanded by one Wright9 an EnglisMhan; had on board the same, Two Dutchmen, who were Mates of the said Ship; and a Frenchman, who was a Gunner; Six or Eight Armenians; and the rest of the Company Moors, being about Ninety in Number; all which Captain Kidd sent on Shore in the Boats that came off from thence: The said Ship came from Beiigall, bound for Suratt; was mounted with 16 or 18 Guns; the French Gunner of which brought on board the Gaily a French Pass, and said, She was a good Prize to the English: The said Captain was loaded with Bale-goods, Sugar, Iron, and Saltpetre: Captain Wright, who commanded the said Ship, declared, She was in the Employment of the English; that the Lading belonged to them: And, about Four or Five Days after the said Ship was taken by the said Gaily, Captain Kidd called the Company together, and proposed to them to return the said Ship to those from whom they had taken her, or sell her to them; and said, He would agree to any thing the y should do therein, were it for the Value of a Piece of Eight: Said also to his Company, The taking of the said Ship would make a great Noise in England; and they should not know what to do with the Goods taken in the same: But the Company of the Gaily agreed not to the said Captain 8 Proposal; but carried the said Ship into St. Marie's, off Madagascar, and there unloaded her, and shared: Whereupon each of the said Gaily's Company, being then about 115 in Number, shared, one with another, Three Bales and some loose Goods, besides about Two Thirds of a Bale: And the said Captain Kidd had Forty Shares: The Bales contained Callicoes, Romalls, Muslins; some Silks, some striped, some flowered, and some plain. After sharing of the said Goods, Ninety and upwards, of the Company belonging to the said Gaily* deserted the same, and went to the Mocha Frigate, then lying at St. Marie's aforesaid: And the said Captain Kidd, with the Men that remained with him, carried their Shares on board the said Prize Ship, called 1 the Q^alrM^reliant; and run the said Gaily on Shore, '1 being

iiW.HI. 4" Decemhris. 25

being very leaky; and, having stript her of her Furniture, Company; into which Sloop there was put about Two or Kidds 6et her on Fire to get her Iron work; and put all that more Bales, One of them being Bengali Silks, all belong- Piracies, they could save, of or belonging to the said Gaily, on ing to one Humphrey Clay, and Four or more Chests board the said Prize Ship; with which the said Captain belonging to said Humphrey Clay, English Smithy Kiddy and the Men that remained with him, and some Gabriel Luffe, and Martin Skinke: This Examinant was others that he had procured there, came from St, Maries informed, the said Sloop was bound on a trading Voyage aforesaid, and arrived in some time afterwards at the to Martha's Vineard, with Rum, and Truckin Cloth; but,

Island of Anguilla, in the West Indies: Where being having received the said Bales and Chests on board, did informed, That the said Kiddy and his Company, were not proceed to Marthas Vineard, but went back again for proclaimed Pirates, the said Captain Kiddy and the Men New York. The said Captain Kiddy and his Company, onboard with him, went with the said Ship to the then proceeded with his Sloop to Block Island) and put Island of St. Thomas; but the Governor of the said nothing on shore there, only Two Guns about Two or Island would not allow the said Ship to come in there: Three hundred Weight apiece, which Captain Kidd gave Whereupon we sailed to Mona; and there met with one to one Sands: Then the Sloop went to TarpoCin Cove,

Mr. Boultony of Antegoa, Merchant; of whom Captain where One or more Bales of the Captains were put on Kidd bought the Sloop Antonio, in which he lately came shore, and delivered to the Man that dwells there. to Boston; gave, as this Examinant was informed, 3,000 And the Examinant saith, That nothing that was put Pieces of Eight for the same; and took from out of the on shore at any of the Places aforesaid, was, to his Know-Prize Ship, into the said Sloop, Forty Bales of the Goods ledge, received on board the said Sloop again; and that on board said Ship, and about Thirty Bags of Sugar; nothing was put on shore at any other Place, than what and left the said Ship" at Hispaniola, about Six or Seven is before-mentioned.

Weeks since, in the Custody of the said Mr. Boulton, and The Examinant further saith, That Captain Kidd about 12 Men more: And the said Captain Kidd pro- traded with Mr. Boulton and Mr. Burt aforesaid, for the mised to return again to the said Ship, io the Space of Quantity of Twenty Bales of Goods or thereabouts7, as Three Months; and the said Boulton promised to stay he supposes; besides what those of his Company traded with the same for so long time: Which Ship the said with them; Six of which, viz. Michael Callaway, John Captain Kidd left lying in a River, in Hispaniola afore- Hales, John Provender, Wm. Boyer, Neece a Dutchman, said, reckoned to be about Eighteen Leagues from and Noutcr a Dutchmant went to Curaçao in Burt's Mom. Brigantine; and one other, named John Ware, went thither

The Examinant further saith, That, after the said Gaily also in a small Sloop, had taken the Two Ships before-mentioned, She also, in Signed,

her Passage to St. Maries aforesaid, took a Bark or Ship, William W. G. sinkins,

of the Burden of 180 Tons, with about Seventy Persons Boston, 6 July 1699. Taken ou board, navigated with Portuguez: She came from before his Excellency and Bengali; was bound to Goa; and had on board Bengalis, Council.

Muslins, Callicoes, and other Things, which the Gally's Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Company began to plunder, and bring on board the The foregoing Examination of Wm. sinkins being read Gafly; but, seeing several Ships coming down towards unto Richard Barlycorne, aged about Eighteen Years, them, the said Gaily, with the other Two Prizes she had Apprentice to Captain Wm. Kidd;

taken, came to sail, and left the said last Prize at a Place He saith, That the same is true, as to the Sqbstance

between Brin John and Angingo, so called being an thereof.

English and Dutch Factory; and left on board the same And further saith, That James Gillam carried Two all the Company belonging thereto, except the Master, Chests on shore at the Horekills, which were stowed in the Merchant, and Seven Men more, that came on board the Hold of the Sloop: After they came from the Horekills,

Gaily when she first took the said Ship: And the Vessel they stopt at Gardner s Island; went from thence to Oyster that was first taken by the said Gaily, as before-mentioned, Bay.; there toojc in Mr. Emot of New York; and set him was, by the said Gaily 's Company, sunk at St. Marie's on shore on Rhode Island; in some Days afterwards, Mr. aforesaid, after they had brought her hither. Emot returned to the Sloop again, as she lay off Rhqde

And the said William sinkins the Examinant further Island; then they went to Gardner's Island; who went saith, That whilst Captain Kiddy and his Company, lay from thence, in a Whale B,oat, over to Long Island ? with the said Ship Quidah Merchant at Mona aforesaid, And at Gardners Island, Captain Kidd sent on shore . one Burty Merchant of Curaçao, came to them in a Bri- there, Two Bales of Goods, a Box, and Two Negro Boys, gantine, and purchased several Goods of the said Captain and a Girl, committed to the Charge of Mr. Gardner:

Ki&l; for which he paid Part in Money, and Part in The Examinant also sent Two Bales of his own, and his.

Flour, Chest, on shore there; and Dick the Black, another Bale

Further saith. That the first Place that the Sloop An- and one Robert Avery, a Passenger, that came with them tOnio aforesaid touched at, after the said Captain Kidd, from Madagascar, went on shore there, and carried some and his Company, left the said Ship at Mona aforesaid, Bundles of Muslin, Silks, and other Goods, of his own;

\?as the Horekills in Dellaware Bay, where the said and a Box about Three Foot long, and a Foot deep t Sloop staid Two Days; and one James Gillam, a Pas- Knows not what was in it: It was handed over the S16op'$ senger that came with the said Kidd from Madagascar, Side. There was also a Sloop of New York, lying at being one of the Mocha Frigate's C re w, sent his Chest on Gardners Island, into which there was put about th^ shore there, being a large Chest and heavy; which the Quantity of 15 or 16 Bales of Goods, Whole and in Pieces; Examinant supposeth to be full of Itidia Goods, and was and about 9 or 10 Chests: Which Goods and Chests be-' stowed in the said Sloop's Hold in her Passage' from longed to Humphrey Clay, Gabriel Luffe, Samuel Wwd, Mona: After the said Sloop had staid at the Horekills Captain Davis a Passenger, Martin Skink, John Arris, aforesaid about Two Days, she sailed to Gardner's Island, and English Smith: The Sloop was full. From Gardner's and anchored there; where Captain Kidd sent on shore Island we sailed to Block Island; and there took in Cap-Two Bales of Goods, Two Negro Boys, and a Negro tain Kidd's Wife, and one Mr. Clark, of New York; and Girl, and delivered them to Mr. Gardner-, and were not then stood towards Gardners Island again, and met a brought on board the Sloop again, the Examinant re- New York Sloop bound home, and put Mr. Clark ori teaming on board the same almost all the time; neither board of her: And Captain Kidd put a Chest on board yas any thing more carried on shore there, to this Exami- said Sloop: He knows not what was in it: John Arris itynt'sKnowledge: And there was, in Company with the put another Chest on board; and Wm. sinkins, a Bale said Stoop under Captain Kidds Command, a Sloop said of Goods; ajid some other Bundles, that were made out to bflong to New York, whereof one Hendrick a Dutch- of the Bales, were also put on board said Sloop; and all, man, a young Man, was either Skipper, or one of the as aforesaid, committed unto the said Mr, Clark: The '"Vo 1, 13. H Captain's

Kidd's

Piracies.

4° becembri'S'.

A..16 99;

Captain's Chest was hoisted out of the Hold. They stopt at Tarpolin Cove; and there put on shore One Bale, Two Barrels, and a Box of Goods, delivered unto the Man that dwells there: And, as tlicv came over to Nantinkct Shoals, they met a Sloop from the Bay, commanded by one Captain JVay; which said I1ray came on board our Sloop; and, when he went oft' again; — in his Canoe, by Captain Kidd's Order, Two or Three Small Arms, a Pendulum Clock bought of Captain J Fright Commander of the Quidah Merchant; a Pair of Stilliards, and a Bag about as big as the Crown of his Hat, sealed up; which the Examinant supposes to be Money.

Further the Examinant saith, That, w hen they came from Hispaniola, Captain Kidd told Mr. Boulton, whom he left in Charge of the Ship, That he would return to him again in a short time, after he had spoken with my Lord BcP lomont; and that the New York Sloop, whereinto they put the Goods at Gardners Island as aforesaid, was an open Sloop, manned with Two Men, named Coster and Hendrick: There w as Three Bales of Goods, and Two Bags of Sugar, delivered out of the Sloop Antonio at Boston, unto Mr. Duncan Campbell. Saith, He knows not what Sum Captain Kidd paid for the Purchase of the Sloop.

Richard Barlycorn.

Boston, 8th July 1699. Taken before us Elisha Cooke; } T p

Isa. Addington, 3 ' ac*

Boston, 8th July 1699.

The Two foregoing Relations of JVm. sinkins, and Richard Barlycorn, being distinctly read over unto me Robert Lamlcy, Apprentice to Abel Owen, Cook of the Adventure Gaily, Captain William Kidd Commander; and 1, having been in the said Gaily throughout her whole Voyage, and, since the Loss of her, in the Ship Quidah Merchant, and Sloop Antonio, do affirm and testify to the Truth of the said Relations, respectively, as to the Substance of the same, in the several Articles thereof.

Taken before us Robert Lamlcy.

Elisha Cooke,

Isa. Addington,

Copy, examined per

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Just. Pac.

N° XI. A Copy of the Narrative of JVrri. Cuthbert, late Gunner of the Ship Charles the 2d, Captain John Dorrcll Commander, of 60 Guns and Two Mortar Pieces, is as followeth: From the Lat. 27 Deg. f. Delivered the 8th of July 1699.

That, coming out of the Gulf of Persia, in the Latitude of 22 Degrees and 30 Minutes North Lat. we saw a Ship to Windward of us; which bore down upon us, and stood athwart our Forefoot, and came within Gunshot of us: Upon which, I was commanded by our said Captain to place a Shot betwixt her Forefoot; and, upon the same, he clapt his Helm hard-a-weather, and bore away right before it: Whereupon we concluded it to be Captain Kidd, of whom we had heard, That he was in that Latitude; at which time, we judged ourselves Sixty Leagues distant from the Land: And, about Four Days after, we came to an Anchor at Bombay; where the General of all those Parts of the Indies, and William Burnister, who is the Second in Command, satisfied our Commander, That the Ship aforesaid which we saw was Kidd; and said. That, the other Day, the said Kidd was in Curzvarr, one of the East India Company Factories, and watered there; at which time Two of Kidd's Men left him, because, as they said, he was going upon an ill Design of Piracy: Upon which the said Men were secured by the Chief in Command, named Upton, till they could be sent to the General at Bombay; who afterwards sent them on board our Ship, Captain Dorrcll Commander, then bound for England, wrhich was on Saturday the 29th January 1697, as Prisoners, to be examined before the Admiralty in England: Which was done: Who wrere found innocent, in that they had left Kiddm time, before he had committed Piracy; and so the said Men were cleared: But, before we went from Bombay, our said Captain was informed by the General, That the said JV/7/r/had taken a great Ship of the Bantams, and also took and kept the Mate of her, which was an Englishmen: Upon which Depredations, it is usual for the Inhabitants of those Countries to take the English there, and secure them, and seize upon their Estates for Satisfaction; which if wanting, many Families, Men, Women, and Children, have perished in Prison: And, as we went home for England, with the said Two Men, that left Kidd, they told us, That he had made many Attempts upon Vessels, but could not prevail; and that he was very cruel to his Men, and abused them, especially such as did not adhere to those evil Practices; which was the Cause that they had left him, as aforesaid.

And further he saith, That as soon as we came with our said Captain Dorrell, with the said Ship upon those Coasts, which was *, We heard, That one Captain Edg-comb, Commander of a Ship belonging to the Company, called the Moquo Frigate, about 3bo Tons, w as murdered by his Men, as he lay asleep on his Couch on board his Ship; and, it w^as reported, That it w as one Gillam, that had turned Moor, and was circumcised, who was shipt on board the said Edgcomb, and One of those Twelve Men, whose Names are hereafter mentioned, who ran away with the said Moquo Frigate, after they had killed the said Captain Edgcomb; which said Gillam went by the Name of Sampson Marshall in the Indies.

The Names of the said Men are, Sampson Marshall alias Gillam, Thomas Preston, Ralph Stout, Thomas Alcock, John Swan, Martin Neales, John Perncll, Joseph Pell, Richard Sims, William Burrell, Christian Peterson, Thomas Stevens.

Moreover, when we came homeward-bound, about the , to the Cape Bon Espc ranee, we were informed by a Dutchman, That the Moquo Frigate, after she wras run away with, hoarded one Captain Mine, in the Ship Dorrell, which did properly belong to Our Captain Dorrell, and his Father in London, who had been in the Company s Service; but he blew them up, killed and wounded many of their Men, so that they were forced to leave him: But he, being much disabled by those Pirates, was fain to put into an Island called Jabbce to recruit; and so went for Bombay, to rebuild the Wastes of his Ship; and so for England, being the re expected last March. Now, whether there be any of the above-named Men come into these Parts with Captain Kidd, as wrell as this Gillam at Rhode Island, w ho is vehemently to be suspected to be one, is to me unknown; but may be inquired into.

By me Wm. Cuthbert.

A true Copy. BellomonL

N° XII. Boston in New England 21st July 1699. The Examination of Samuel Wood, Master of the Sloop Antonio.

Who saith,

That he being Master of the said Sloop Antonio, lately belonging to Antony Montero, Abraham Redwood, and Henry Boulton, of Antegoa, Merchants, and in their Employ on a Voyage from Antegoa to Curacoa and Royaldc Hatch, the said Boulton Supra-cargo, and returning from Royal De Hatch to Curacoa, they there took in a small Quantity of Goods to trade for Hogs at Port Rieco, to carry with them to Antegoa; and sailed from Curacoa towards Port Rieco; and, off the West End of the said Island of Port Rieco, they espied a large Ship: Some of the Company belonging to said Ship came, in a Canoe, on board the said Sloop; and desired the Examinant to stand for the said Ship, and to supply them with some Provisions: And, the said Sloop being then near to the Shore, the Examinant stood in to the same with his said Sloop, and took in betwixt 30 and 40 Hogs, and put them into the Ships Boat, which afterwards came to the said Sloop, and sent them on board in her; Mr. Boulton his Supra-cargo going in the Boat before them: The Men that came on board the Sloop from the Ship informed. That she was commanded by Captain Kidd; and that the said Ship w as a Prize, which the said Kidd had taken in the Seas of India: The said Mr. Boulton, in a few Hours

time.

h W. III.

4° Decemhris.

27

time, returned back again to the Sloop; and ordered the Examinant to make his Course back again to Curacoa; which he accordingly did, leaving the said Ship lying off the Island Mam: And, when they arrived at Curacoa, the said Mr. Boulton sent on board some Flour, a Cask of bottle Ale, and some Cheeses, and a Cask of Bread; and then came on board himself: And the Examinant, by his Order, set Sail, with the said Sloop, for Mona; and, in Eight Days alter their departure from thence, arrived there again; where they found said Captain Kidd's Ship lying at Anchor; and they delivered on board her the aforesaid Provisions; and lay by the said Ship several Days expecting a Brigantine, whereof one Mr. Burt was Merchant, to come up from Curacoa, with a further Supply: And, before the Brigantine arrived, the Ship was put from her Anchors, and forced away to Leeward, Mr. Boulton being on board, who ordered the Examinant to stay at Mona Three Days for the said Brigantine, and then to come away unto Savona, where he might expect to find the Ship: The Brigantine came by the End of Two Days; and, by this Examinant's Direction, went for Savona; and he followed the next Day, with his Sloop; and, meeting with a Dutch Sloop, received Directions from him; and went, in Company of the said Sloop, to St. Catalma upon Hispaniola; where they found the said Ship, and Burt's Brigantine; where Mr. Boulton sold the Sloop to Captain Kidd, and received his Pay for the same in Bale Goods taken out of the said Ship, and put on board Burt's Brigantine: After which, the Sloop was cleared of her Cask and Lumber, onboard her; and took in to her, out of the said Ship, so many Bales and Chests as she could conveniently stow, besides Room for the Men to lodge: and some Bags of Sugar, and Iron-work, for Ballast: And then Mr. Boulton paid the Examinant and Company their Wages; and Ten of the Company continued on board the Ship with Mr. Boulton, to whose Charge she was committed; and some of the Men belonging to Burt's Brigantine, and some out of the Dutch Sloop, to the Number of about Eighteen in the Whole, staid with Mr. Boulton, to look after the Ship until Captain Kidd's Return, or for the Space of Three Months from the 16th Day of May last past: And said Captain Kidd left an Order with Mr. Boulton to dispose of the Goods, for Account of himself, and the Owners of the Adventure Gaily: Burt's Brigantine took in some Quantity of Goods out of the said Ship; so did also the Dutch Sloop aforesaid: And they left her at the same time, when this Examinant came away with his Sloop: The Brigantine, as the Examinant understood, was intended for St. Thomas's; the Dutch Sloop, for Curacoa: The Examinant made his Course for New York; and, breaking their Boom-iron, put into Delaware Bay, to get it mended; and, at the Hore kills, they landed a Chest belonging to one James Gillam: Fromthe Horekills they came round the East End of Long Island\ and upthe Sound into Oyster Bay; and from thence dispatched a Letter for New York; and, in a Day or Two afterwards, Mr. Fmot came from New York to them, whom they took in; and stood for Rhode Island, and put him on shore there; and then stood off and on, for Two or Three Days, betwixt that and Block Island, and, at Mr. Emot's Return, w ent for Gardner s Island, and landed wAEmot there: And also, by Captain Kidd's Order, there was or 5 Bales of Goods, and Three young Negroes, put into a Whale Boat that came from said Gardner's Island, and the said Sloop's Boat; and several Chests and Bundles were put on board a New York Sloop that lay there, near unto the Examinant's Sloop; Two Guns were put on shore at Block Island; One Bale of Goods, and Two Barrels, with some, small Bundles of Goods in them, were landed at Tarpolin Cove: Captain Kiddmd, He w'ould touch there at coming back, to take in his Bale again: And, by virtue of a written Order from Captain Kidd, directed to the Examinant after the Sloop's Arrival at Boston, to deliver to Mr. Duncan Campbell Two Bales of Goods, and Two Bags of Sugar, or what he should ask for; the Examinant delivered him Two Bales, and Two Bags of Sugar; and Samuel Aris, one of the Vo 1.13.

Company, by Order from said Kidd in Willing, delivered Kidd's Mr. Campbell another Bale. Piracief

The Examinant further saith, That, when the said Sloop was seized in Boston, this Examinant had in his Chest, of his own proper Money, 320 Pieces of which he received for his Wages, and Adventure, in his Voyages made in the said Sloop, from Philadelphia to Barbadoes, twice forward and back; and from Barbadoes to Curacoa, and thence to Antcgoa; and from Antegoa to Curacoa again, Real de Hatch; and to the time of his Discharge at Hispaniola; also about Five Yards of Red Plush, and about 18 Yards of striped Stuff, and a Piece of Ossen-briggs, in the Sloop's Hold; and a Gun, and a Cotton HainmQck, Two Quilts, Bedding, and Cloathing, on board the Sloop. Samuel Wood.

Taken, and sworn by the Examinant Sam. Wood, die predict. before us Elisha Cooke, 7 T p

Isa. Addington.y ac'

Copy examined per

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Boston, July 8th, 1699.

N° XIIL The Examination of Thortias Way, of Boston, Mariner.

Saith,

That, coming lately from the Bay of Compeach, in the Sloop whereof he is Commander, upon the Shoals of Nantucket on Friday the 30th of June last, the Sloop whereof Captain Kidd was Commander, came up with him; and they hailed each other; and, being both bound in for Boston, sailed together in Company: And the Examinant, in his Canoe, with Two of his Ship's Company, went on board the said Captain Kidd's Sloop; and Captain Kidd presented the Examinant with a Bit of a Bar of Gold; and, at his coining off again from the said Sloop, by Order of Captain Kidd, there was put into the Examinants Canoe, Three Fire Arms, a Pair of Stilliards, a Turkey Carpet, a Clock, and a small Bundle, made up in a Napkin, or a Piece of Ossnabriggs, loosely fastened together; which, the said Kidd told the Examinant, was some of his Wife's Cloaths, and desired him to carry up for him; which he accordingly did: And Mrs. ZGWsentfor the said Bundle, soon after their coming to Boston; which was delivered: The Clock, Carpet, and Stilliards, remain at the Examinants House; the Arms are at the Gunsmiths: There was also delivered unto the Examinant,'by the said Kidd, a Bag of coarse Canvas, sealed up (the Bag had Two Seals) about the Bigness of the Crown of his Hat; which, he said, contained Reals of Eight, that his Wife brought with her from New York to bear her Expences: And the Morning of the same Day that Captain Kidd was taken, he came to the Examinant's House with a Negro Boy, and fetched away the said Bag of Money: He judges it might weigh Six Pound Weight:

There was Eight Pound more, in Pieces of Eight Reals, and Arabian Gold, delivered unto this Examinant by

Aires, One of the said Kidd's Company, to secure for him; and, this Morning, the said Aires sent a written Order, from the Prison, unto the Examinant, to deliver his Money to George Riscarrick; which he accordingly did, only Ten or a Dozen Double Reals still resting in the Examinant's Hand: His Piece of Gold he sold to Mr. Dummer, for 41, odd Money. Thomas Way.

Taken the Day and Year within mentioned, before us

Elisha Cooke,

Isa. Addington.

Copy examined per

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Boston, July 12th, 1699.

N* XIV. Robert Livingstone Esquire, being notified to appear before his Excellency, and Council, this Day, and sworn to give a true Narrative and Relation of his Knowledge, or Information, of any Goods,

Gold, Silver, Bullion, or other Treasure, lately imported

Kidds

Piracies.

28 4", Decemhris. A. 1699.

ported by Captain William , his Company, and Accomplices, or any of them, into this Province, or any other of his Majesty's Provinces, Colonies, or Territories, in America; and By^henr, or any of them, embezzled, concealed, conveyed away, or any ways disposed of; saith,

That, hearing Captain Kidd was come into these Parts, to apply himself unto his Excellency the Earl of J3 the said Narrator came directly from the nearest

Way through the Woods, to meet the said Kidd here, and to wait upon his Lordship; and, at his Arrival at , Captain Kidd informed him, There was on board his Sloop, then in Port, Forty Bales of Goods and some Sugars: And also said, He had about Eighty Pound Weight in Plate. The Narrator does not remember, whether he said, That was on board the Sloop, or not

And further; Said Kidd said, He had Forty Pound Weight in Gold; which he had hid, and secured, in some Place in the Sound, betwixt this and New not

naming any particular Place; withal saying, Nobody could , find it but himself; and that all the said Goods, Gold, Plate, and Sloop, was for Account of the Owners of the Adventure Gaily, whereof this Narrator was One.

And further said, Kidd, upon further Discourse with the Narrator, acknowledged, Thatseveral Chests, and Bundles of Goods, belonging to the Men, were taken out of his Sloop betwixt this Place and New , a»d put into ether Sloops; saying, He was forced thereto; his Men would otherwise have run. the Sloop on shore: And likewise acknowledged, That he had given Mr. Duncan Campbell too Pieces of -J-, when he was on board his Sloop at Rhode Island: And knows no further of any Concealment, Embezzlement, of Disposal, made by the said Kidd, his Company, or Accomplices, of any Goods, Gold, Money, or Treasure whatsoever; saving, That the said did Yesterday acknowledge to this Narrator, That the Gold before-mentioned was hid upon Gardner's Island: He believed, there was about Forty Pound Weight of it; and that, in the same Box with it, there was about 3 or 400 Pieces off, and some Pieces of Plate, belonging to his Boy Barlycom, and his Negro Man, which he had gotten by washing for the Men: Also the said Kidd gave this Narrator a Negro Boy; and another to Mr. Duncan Campbell.

Robert Livingstone.

Sworn before his Excellency and

Council, die preedict. Isa. Addington.

Copy examined per

ha. Addington, Seer.

Boston, July 8th, 1699.

N* XV. A Copy of the Examination of of London, Mariner.

Saith, That, in or about the Month of November 1697, die Examinant came Boatswain of the Ship Fidelia, Tempest Rogers Commander, bound from London on a trading Voyage for India; and, in the Month of July following, arrived at the Island of Madagascar; and, after having been there about Five Weeks, the Ship sailed thence, and left this Examinant in the Island; and being desirous to get off, entered himself on board die Ship, whereof Cap-tdin Aids'was Commander, to work for his Passage; and accordingly came with him, in the said Ship to Hispaniola; and fronl thence, in the Sloop Antonio, to this Place: And that, upon their Arrival at the Hoorkills in Delaware Bay there was a Chest, belonging to one James Gillum, put on shore there; and, at Gardner's Island, there was several Chests and Packs put out of Captain Kidds Sloop, into a Sloop belonging to New York: He knows not the Quantity, nor any thing sent on shore at the said Island; nor doth he know, that any thing was put on shore at any other Island, or Place, in this Country; only Two Guns, of 300 Weight apiece or thereabouts, at Block Island.

Signed Edward, E. D. Davis. TakCn, chop racket. before us

E lisha Cook,

Isa. Addington.

Examined per Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Boston, July t 2th, 1699.

N® XVI. A Copy of the Affidavits of Duncan -bell, and his Wife.

Duncan Campbell, of Boston, being notified to appeal before his Excellency and Council this Day, and sworn to give a true Narrative and Relation of his Knowledge or Information, of any Goods, Gold, Silver, Bullion, or otiier Treasure, lately imported by Captain Kidd, his Company, and Accomplices, or any of them, into this Province, or any other of his Majesty's Provinces, Colonies, or Territories in America; and by them, or any of them, embezzled, concealed, conveyed away, or any ways disposed of: saith, upon his Oath,

That, at, the time of his first going on board the said Kidd's Sloop, then being off Block Island, the said Kidd-gave this Narrator Two speckled Handkerchiefs, about Jths of a Pound of Tea; and that said Kidd bought a Wig of him, for which he received Four Pistoles of Gold; and Four Pistoles more he received of him, for what'Mr. Emot had laid out on die Road; which is all he had at that time: And, at the Second time of his going to said-Kidd, he received of the said Kidd betwixt 90 and 100 Pieces of Eight, Nero York Money, which, he said, was Ilia Wife's, towards his Charges and some Things he had bought for him: And said Kidd also gave him Three or Four Half-pieces of Muslin, and a Gold Chain for this Narrator's Wife, and Two Pieces of speckled Callieo, about Four or Five Yards each; and also sent, by this Narrator, a Present to the Countess of Bellomont, an enamelled gilt Box, with Four S|iarks or Stones therein set in Gold, One loose, and a Stone Ring; which at his Arrival at were shewn to one Mr. Legarrea French Goldsmith; who said, They were in Value about 5,5 /.: And the said Kidd also gave one Hulin, of Rhode Island, Master of the Sloop that transported this Narrator, Two several times, to and from the said Captain Kidd's Sloop, a Bale of coarse white Callicoes, for the Service of himself and Sloop; and Two or Three Pieces of Muslin, and about Half a Dozen Pound of Susiar; and also gave to Mr. Meinzes, who went on board the said Kidd's Sloop with this Narrator, Eight or Nine Pieces of Arabian Gold, as the said Meinzes informed.

And further the Narrator saith, That, after the said Kidd's Arrival, with his Sloop, at Boston, he gave the Narrator a Negro Boy, and a Cane for his Son Matthew; and gave another Negro Boy to Mr. Robert Livingstone: And, going on board the said Kidd's Sloop, with his Negro, to fetch his Bedding and Cloaths on shore, the said Kidd bade the Negro carry with him a Bag of Sugar, which was broken, to be used in the House; and he did so; and also Five Holland Cheeses, about 10 Weight each: And One of the said Kidd's Company gave this Narrator's Son about 1 o/Z>. Weight of white Sugar Candy: And, Tuesday the 4th Current, in the Evening, the Narrator, by Order of the said Captain went on board his

Sloop, again, having an Order in Writing under the said Kidd's Hand, directed to Wood the Master, for Two Bales of'Goods, and Two Bags of Sugar; which this Narrator received, and brought on shore, together with another Bale, which, one Aires of the Company said, was allotted to the Narrator for his Pains: And, in the Morning of the same Day, the said A/V/ddelivered to the Narrator a Green Silk Bag, sewed up, of about Four or Five Pound Weight of Bar G old, to be presented unto the Countess of Bellomont, in his Name; which my Lady refusing to accept of, the Narrator returned again to the said Kidd: Two of the Bales afore-mentioned, and Part of the 3d Bale, which the Narrator had opened, the said Narrator has delivered unto the Gentlemen appointed by the Government to take into their Custody, and secure the Goods} the Remainder of the said broken Bale is in the Narrator's Keeping.

When the Narrator was on board the said Kidd's Sloop off Block Island, Captain Kidd gave him Two or Three Pieces of Arabian Gold, to drink with some Gentlemen in Boston; and Two of the Ship's Company gave him each a Pistole of Gold for himself.

Further the Narrator knows not of any Embezzlement,

6 Concealment,

n W. lit 4° Decembris. £9

Concealment, or Disposal, in any way or rtianner, made by the said Kidd, or his Company, or Accomplices* or any of them, of Goods, Gold, Money, Bullion, or Treasure whatsoever; only adds, That the said Kidd and Company promised the Narrator to the Value of 500 L if they had their Liberty.

Duncan Campbell.

Sworn before his Excellency and Council, die preedict.

Susannah Campbell, Wife of the within named Duncan Campbell, examined upon her Oath, saith,

That, excepting a Gold Chain, Three Pieces of Muslin, a Piece of India Silk, which her Husband delivered to her as a Present from Captain Kidd, she knows not of the Embezzlement, Concealment, Conveying away, or Disposal of any Goods, Gold, Money, or Treasure, im- ' ported into any of His Majesty's Territories, or Dominions, by Captain William Kidd, his Company and Accomplices, or any of them; nor that any such are lodged or secured, in her House.

12 July 1699. Examined per

Sworn in Council. Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Boston, 10th July 1699.

N°XVII. A Copy of the Examination of Hugh Parrott, of Plymouth in the County of Devo?i, Mariner,

Who saith, That at the Island of Joanna, he left the Vessel he then belonged to, and entered himself on board the Adventure Gaily, Captain William Kidd Commander; and from thence we sailed to the Red Sea, and there cruised for Privateers and Pirates; but finding none, went upon the Coast of India, and, in our Cruise there, espied a Ship, which we gave Chace to, and came up with, being a Ship of near 200 Tons Burden, whereof a Dutchman, Mich. Dicker, was Master; and there w ere Two more Dutchmen on board; all the rest of the Company were Moors, being about Forty in Number in the Whole; and the said DutchMaster, being commanded on board the Gaily, brought a French Pass, and, as the Examinant was informed, declared, That his Ship and Lading was lawful Prize; and accordingly was made Prize of by the said Kidd and Company: The Dutch Master remained in the Gaily with the other Two Dutchmen, and took up Arms to serve under Captain Kidd; the Moors were set on Shore, being then not above Two Leagues distant from the same: The Examinant knows not what the Ship was laden with; only saw Two Horses sent on Shore from her. And in about Six Weeks Time afterward, they took another Ship of 400 Tons, or upwards, mounted with about 12 or 14 Guns, commanded by one Captain/FngAf, an Englishmen; and there was also on board Two or Three Dutchmen; the rest of the Company were Armenians and Moors, to the Number of about Sixty or Seventy: The Ship came from Bengali, bound to Per-tia, as it was said; and that she belonged wholly to the Moors: She was laden with Bale Goods, containing Muslins, Silk striped and plain, and raw Silk, refined Sugar in Bags, Saltpetre, Iron in Junks, Guns, and Anchors: Captain fVright and other the Christians, with several of the Armenians and Moors, were speedily sent on Shore; some of them came to Madagascar in the Gaily, and there left her: Said, Captain Kidd carried the said Prize Ship into Madagascar, Geo. Bullen, Chief Mate of the Gaily, being put in to command the said Prize Ship; and when she arrived at Madagascar, they took out of her all the Bale Goods, and shared them among the Gally's Company, being about One hundred in Number, more or less; some had Three, others Four Bales to a Share; the Examinant had Four for his Share, which he sold at Hispaniola, to Mr. Boulton and Mr. Burt, for 400 Pieces of Eight, which was paid him down in Money; 200 Pieces of which he lost since by Gaming, on board the Sloop Antonio, that he came from Hispaniola in; the rest of his Money was stolen from him. They arrived in the said Sloop, first, at the Horekills in Delazvarc Bay; where they put out Two Chests, belonging to James Gillum, a Passenger, who also went on Shore there; which Chests, the Examin-

Vol. 13.

ant believes, were full of India G oods: From the Horekills they went to Oyster Bay on Long Island; and there took in Mr. Ernot of New York, and carried him to Rhode Island, and set him on Shore there: Then went* with their said Sloop, to Block Island\ and put on Shore Two Guns, delivered to Two Men that came from the Shore, and cruised betwixt Block Island and Rhode Island until, Mr. Emot's Return; and having taken him 011 board went to Gardner's Island, and there set him on Shore: And there was landed at the said Island, from out of the Sloop Antonio, some Goods and Chests; and also several Bales and Chests were put into another Sloop that lay at the said Gardner's Island, bound up the Sound: From Gardner's Island they sailed, with the Sloop Antonio, to Block Island; and there took up the Captain's Wife, and a Gentleman that accompanied her; and then stood to Gardner's Island; and there put the said Gentleman, which the Examinant thinks, was named Clark, into a Sloop bound up the Sound; into which Sloop there was also several Bales and Chests put, out of the Sloop Antonio, by Order of the said Captain Kidd: And then we came to Tarpolin Cave, where there was a Bale, and One or Two Barrels of Goods landed: And from thence we came over the Shoals, and there met a Sloop from Gampechea, bound to Boston; the Master of which Sloop, in the Canoe belonging to her, came on board our Sloop; and at his going off there was put into the said Canoe a Turkey-work Carpet, Two or Three small Arms; which is all that the Examinant took Notice of.

The Examinant further saith, That at their sharing at Madagascar, Captain Kidd struck for, and received several Shares; knows not how many; there might be Forty. They stript the Gaily at Madagascar, and burnt her to save her Iron-work; and also sunk their lesser Prize there. About Ninety of the said Gally's Company deserted at Madagascar. The greater Prize was called the Quedah Merchant; which they left in Hispaniola, under the Care of Mr. Boulton, and about Seventeen or Eighteen Men to assist; Captain Kidd promising to return to him in a short Time: The Examinant supposes there might be about 1.50 Bales of Goods remaining on board her, about Eighty or Ninety Tons of Sugar, the Salt-petre, Iron, Guns, and Anchors. Capt. Kidd traded with Messieurs Boulton and Burt, for a considerable Quantity of Goods taken out of the said Quidah Merchant, at and about Hispaniola.

Hugh Parrott.

Taken before us, die preedict.

Elisha Cook,) T p

Isa. Addington, j rac#

Boston, Nero England, July 25th 16994 N° XVIII. A true Account of all such Goods, Silver; Jewels, and Merchandizes, late in the Possession of Captain William Kidd, which have been seized and secured by us underwritten, pursuant to an Order from his Excellency Richard Earl of Bellomont, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty's Provinces of the Massachusetts*Bay,&c. bearing Date July 7th, 1699; viz.

In Captain Win. Kidd's Box.

One Bag qt. 57 Silver Bars -One Bag qt. 79 Bars and Ps. Silver One Bag qt. 74 Bars Silver -One enamelled Silver Box gilt, in which are Four Diamonds set in Gold Lockets.

One Diamond loose, one long Diamond set in a Gold Ring.

Found in Mr. Dupcan Campbell's House.

N° 1. One Bag qt. Gold -

2. One Bag qt.

3. One Handkerchief qt.

4. One Bag qt.

5. One Bag qt.

6. One Bag Quantity -

7. One Bag qt. - - 203

Also*

Kidd'fr

Piracies,

Gold

Ouuces.

581

94

50

103

3»i

>9*

Silver

Ounces.

357 442 i 421

3°

4* Becembris. \ 1699.

KiddV

"Piracies*

Silver

Ounces.

Also, 20 Dollars, One Half and One Quarter Ps. of Eight, Nine English Crowns,

One small Bar of Silver, One small Lump of Silver, a small Chain, a small Bottle, a Coral Necklace, One Piece white and One Piece of chequered Silk.

In Captain William Kidd's Chest.

Two Silver Basons, Two Silver Candle-1

sticks, One Silver Porringer, and someS 82

Things of Silver, Quantity -Rubies small and great 67, Green Stones Two, One large Loadstone.

Landed from on board the Sloop Antonio,

Captain William Kidd, late Commander,

57 Bags of Sugar.

17 Piece of Canvas.

38 Bales of Menchanture.

Received of Mr. Duncan Campbell,

Three Bales of Merchandize, w hereof One he had opened, being much damnified by Water, qt.

85 Pieces of Silk, Rumalls, and Bengalis.

60 Pieces of Callicoes and Muslins.

Received the 17th Instant, of Mr. John Gardner,

N°i. One Bag of Dust Gold, qt. - - 6oi

2. One Bag coined Gold, - - - 11

And in it Silver, qt.

3. One Parcel Dust Gold, qt. - - 24i

4. One Bag, qt. 3 Silver Rings, sundry

precious Stones, 4f Oz.

[One Bag unpolished Stones, qt.i2l0unces,

One Ps. of Crystal and Bever Stone,

Two Cornelian Rings, Two small Agats,

Two Amethysts; all in the same Bag.* ]

5. One Bag Silver Buttons, and a

Lamp, qt. - - - -$

6. One Bag broken Silver, qt.

7. One Bag Gold Bars, qt. - - 3531

8. One Bag Gold Bars, qt. 23 8 {

9. One Bag Dust Gold, qt. - 59

10. One Bag Silver Bars, qt.

11. One Bag Silver Bars, qt. -The Whole of the Gold above mentioned is 1,111 Ounces, . Troy Weight.

The Silver is 2,353 Ounces.

The Jewels or precious Stones, weighed, are 17 Ounces 3- of an Ounce; and 69 Stones by Tale.

The Sugar is contained in 57 Bags.

The Merchandize is contained in 41 Bales.

The Canvas is 17 Pieces.

Sam. Sewall, Jer. Burner,

Nathanael Byjeild, Laur. Hammond, D. Coll.

Andr. Belcher.

Gold

Ounces,

124

29

212

309

N0 XIX. A Copy of the Narrative of John Gardner of Gardner's Island, alias IsleofJVight, relating to Captain William Kidd.

That, about Twenty Days ago, Mr. Emot of New York came to the Narrator's House, and desired a Boat to go for New York; telling the Narrator he came from my Lord at Boston: Whereupon the Narrator furnished the said Emot with a Boat; and he went for New York: And that Evening the Narrator saw a Sloop with Six Guns riding at an Anchor off Gardners Island: And Two Days afterwards, in the Evening, the Narrator went aboard the said Sloop to inquire what she was; and, so soon as he came on board, Captain Kidd\ then unknown to the Narrator, asked him how himself and Family did; telling him. That he, the said Kidd, w>as going to my Lord at Boston; and desired the Narrator to take Three Negroes, Two Boys and a Girl, ashore, to keep till he, the said Kidd, or his Order, should call for them; which the Narrator accordingly did: That, about Two Hours after the Narrator had got the said Negroes ashore, Captain Kidd sent his Boat ashore with Two Bales of Goods and a Negro Boy: And the Morning after, the said Kidd desired the Narrator to come immediately on board, and bring Six Sheep with him, for his the said Kidd's Voyage to Boston; which the Narrator did; when Kidd asked him to spare a Barrel of Cyder; which the Narrator, with great Importunity, consented to; and sent Two of his Men for it, who brought the Cyder on board the said Sloop: But whilst the Men w ere gone for the Cyder, Captain Kidd offered the Narrator several Pieces of damnified Muslins and Bengals, as a Present to his Wife; which the said Kidd put in a Bag, and gave the Narrator; and about a Quarter of an Hour afterwards, the said Kidd took up Two or Three Pieces of damnified Muslin, and gave the Narrator for his proper Use: And the Narrators Men then coming on board with the said Barrel of Cyder, as aforesaid, the said Kidd gave them Four Pieces 01 Arabian Gold for their Trouble and also for bringing him Wood: Then the said Kidd, ready to sail, told this'Narrator he would pay for his Cyder; to which the Narrator answered, That he was already satisfied for it by the Present to his Wife. And this Narrator observed, That some of KidcTs Men gave to the Narrator's Men some inconsiderable Things of small Value, which, this Narrator believes, were Muslins for Neckcloths: And then the Narrator took Leave of the said Kidd, and went ashore; and, at parting, the said ISudd fired Four Guns, and stood for Block Island.

About Three Days afterwards, the said Kidd sent the Master of the Sloop and one Clark, in his Boat, for the Narrator, who went on board with them: And the said Kidd desired this Narrator to take on Shore with him, and keep for him, the said Kidd, and Order, a Chest, and a Box of Gold, and a Bundle of Quilts, and Four Bales of Goods; which Box of Gold, the said Kidd told the Narrator, was intended for my Lord; and the Narrator complied with the said Kidd's Request, and took on Shore the said Chest, Box of Gold, Quilts, and Bales of Goods.

And the Narrator further saith, That Two of Kidd's Crew, who went by the Names of Cook and Pam at, delivered to him, the Narrator *Two Bags of Silver; which, they told the Narrator, weighed Thirty Pound Weight; for which he gave Receipt: And that another of Kidd's Men delivered to the Narrator a small Bundle of Gold, and Gold Dust, of about a Pound Weight, to keep for him; and did also present the Narrator with a Sash, and a Pair of Worsted Stockings: And just before the Sloop sailed, Captain Kidd presented the Narrator with a Bag of Sugar; and then took Leave, and sailed for Boston.

And the Narrator further saith, He knew nothing of Kidd's being proclaimed a Pirate; and if he had, he durst not have acted otherwise than he has done, having no Force to oppose them; and for that he hath formerly been threatened to be killed by Privateers, if he should carry unkindly to them. John Gardiner.

The within-named Narrator further saith, That whilst Captain Kidd lay with his Sloop at Gardner's Island, there was a New York Sloop, whereof one Coster is Master and his Mate is a little black Man, unknown to the Narrator by Name* who, as it was said, had been formerly Captain Kidd's Quarter-master; and another Sloop belonging to New York, Jacob Fenick Master; both which lay near to Kidd's Sloop Three Days together: And whilst the Narrator was on board with Captain Kidd, there w as several Bales of Goods, and other Things, put out of the said Kidd's Sloop, and put on board the other Two Sloops aforesaid; and the said Two Sloops sailed up the Sound: After which Kidd sailed with his Sloop for Block Island; and being absent for the Space of Three Days, returned to Gardners Island again, in Company of another Sloop belonging to Nexv York, Cornelius Quick Master; on board of which was one Thomas Clark of Setanket, commonly called JVhisking Clark, and ope Harrison of Jamaica, Father to a Boy that was with Captain Kidd; and Captain Kidd's Wife was then on board his own Sloop: And Quick remained with his Sloop there from Noon till the Evening of the same Day, and took on board Two Chests, that came out of the said Kidd's Sloop* under the Observance of this Narrator; and, he believes,

several

This Paragraph is omitted in the Journal; and is supplied from the original Account, which was laid before the House.

11 W. III. 4* Decembris 31

several Goods more; and they sailed up the Sound: Kidd remained there with his Sloop next Morning, and then set sail; intending, as he said, for Boston,

Further the Narrator saith, That the next Day after Quick sailed with his Sloop from Gardners Island, he saw him turning out of a Bay called Oyster-pan Bay, although the Wind was all the Time fair to carry him up to the Sound: The Narrator supposes he went thither to land some Goods. John Gardiner.

Boston, July 1699.

The Narrator, John Gardner, made Oath, before his Excellency and Council, unto the Truth of this Narrative contained in this Sheet of Paper.

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Na XX. An Inventory of the Sloop Antonio, Captain JVm. Kidd the late Commander; with the Account of the Stores and Provisions appraised with said Sloop. The Particulars are as follow; viz.

The Hull of the said Sloop, about 55 Tons, Mainmast, Boltsprit, and Boom; Two Anchors, qt. about Six hundred Weight.

One Piece of Cable, about 50 Fathom, Eight Inches; unserviceable.

One Ditto, about 60 Fathom, 6 f Inches; worn. Standing and Running Rigging; old and unserviceable. Four great Guns, 20 Hundred; Carriages, Shot, and Materials for them; a Parcel of old Iron, about Eight hundred Weight One small Copper Kettle, Two Iron Pots, and Cook's Store.

Four Iron-bound Butts and Two Hogsheads, for Water.

Ten small Brass Bases, and Eight small Arms, $c.

A Parcel of Gunpowder in an Earthen Jar and Two Casks, about Two hundred.

Three old Compasses, One Azimuth Compass, and Three old Glasses; a Parcel of old Colours, Dutch and English, and a small Parcel of Bunting; Two Bundles of Twine, and a Parcel of broken ditto; Half a Barrel of Tar.

One Mainsail, Foresail, and Jib, with a Parcel of other small Sails.

One old Boat, and a Parcel of Oars for the Vessel.

Five Casks, and old Flour.

A Parcel of Wax and Candles, about One hundred

Weight

A Parcel of old jerk'd Meat, little worth.

Boston, July 24th 1699.

By Order of his Excellency Richard Earl of Bellomont, Governor and Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Province of the Massachusets Bay, &c. We, the Subscribers, have viewed the above-named Sloop Antonio, and the Particulars above-mentioned; and, according to the best of our Judgment, value the same at 268/. current Money of Boston in New-England. Witness our Hands.

Legg,

A true Copy. Bellomont. Nath. Cary.

N° XXI. A Copy of Captain Kidds's Note of Goods left with Mr. Gardner.

Mark WS. To a Bale of Silk Muslin.

WR. To a small Bale of Quilts.

To a Chest of fine Goods.

N*3.m. DR. To a small Bale marked.

ID. To a small Bale, Mr.

RB. To a Bale of Muslin, the Boy Barlicorn. RW. To a Bale of Muslin of R IV.

To a Box of 52/. of Gold and Plate.

Boston, July 17th 1699.

Mr. John Gardner, of Gardners Island, presented this Note unto his Excellency in Council, which he made Oath was delivered unto him by Captain Kidd, and was wrote with the said Kidd's own Hand, on board his Sloop; and all the Particulars therein mentioned were committed to his Custody.

Examined per Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Vol. 13.

N° XXII. A Copy of a Narrative of the Voyage of £idds Captain William Kidd, Commander of the Adventure Pm^ies, Gaily, from London to the East Judies.

That the Journal of the said Captain Kidd, being violently taken from him in the Port of St. Marie's in Madagascar, and his Life being many times threatened to be taken away from him by Ninety-seven of his Men that deserted him there, he cannot give that exact Account he otherwise could have done; but, as far as his Memory will serve, is as followeth; viz.

That the said Adventure Gaily was launched in Castles Yard at Deptford, about the Fourth of December 1695; and about the latter End of February, the said Gaily came to the Buoy in the Nore; and about the 1st Day of March following, his Men were pressed from him for the Fleet; which caused him to stay there for Nineteen Days; and then he sailed for the Dowries, and arrived there about the Eighth or the Tenth Day of April 1696; and sailed thence for Plymouth; and, on the Twenty-third Day of the said Month of April he sailed on his intended Voyage; and, some Time in the Month of May, met with a small French Vessel, with Salt and Fishing Tackle on board, bouad for Newfoundland, which he took and made Prize of, and carried the same into Nczv York, about the Fourth Day of July, where she was condemned as lawful Prize: The Produce whereof purchased Provisions for the said Gaily, _ for her further intended Voyage.

That about the Sixth Day of September 1696, the said Captain Kidd sailed for the Madtras, in Company with one Joyner, ^faster of a Brigantine belonging to Bermudas, and arrived there about the 8th Day of October following; and thence to Boncrcista, where they arrived about the Nineteenth of the said Month, and took in some Salt, and stayed Three or Four Days; and sailed thence to St. Jago, and arrived there the Twenty-fourth of the said Month, where he took in some Water, and stayed about Eight or Nine Days; and thence sailed for the Capd of Good Hope; and, in the Latitude of Thirty-two, on the Twelfth Day of December 1696, met with Pour English Men of War: Captain Warren was Commodore; and sailed a Week in their Company; and then parted, and sailed to Tclere, a Port in the Island of Madagascar, and, being the re about the Twenty-ninth Day of January, came in a Sloop belonging to Barbadoes, loaded with Rum,

Sugar, Powder, and Shot, one French, Master, and Mr. Hatton, and Mr. John Batt, Merchants; and the said Hatton came on board the said Gaily, and was suddenly taken ill, and died in the Cabin: And, about the latter End of February, sailedTor the Island of Johanna, the said Sloop keeping Company, and arrived there about the Eighteenth Day of March; where he found Four East India M erchant-men outward bound; and watered there all together, arid staid about Four Days: And from thence, about the Twenty-second of March, sailed for Mehila, an Island Ten Leagues distant from Johanna, where he arrived the next Morning, and there careened the said Gaily; and about Fifty Men died there in a Week's Time.

That, on the 25th Day of April 1697, set sail for the Coast of India, and came upon the Coast of Mallabar, in the Beginning of the Month of September; and went into Carwarr upon that Coast about the Middle of the same Month, and watered there: And the Gentlemen of the English Factory gave the Narrator an Account, That the Portuguese were fitting out Two Men of War to take him; and advised him to put out to Sea, and to take Care of himself from them, and immediately to set sail thereupon;

..... about the 12th of the said Month of September; and the next Morning, about Break of Day, saw the said Two Men of War standing for the said Gaily; and spoke with him, and asked him, Whence he was ? Who replied, From London; and they returned Answ er, From Goa; and so parted, wishing each other a good Voyage:

And making still along the Coast, the Commodore of the said Man of War kept dogging the said Gaily all the Night, waiting an Opportunity to board her; and in the Morning, without speaking a Word, fired Six great Guns at the Gaily, some whereof went through her, and 13 wounded

Kidd's

Piracies.

3 $ 4° Decembris. 169 9.

wounded Four of his Men; and thereupon he fired upon him again; and the Fight continued all Day; and the Narrator had Eleven Men wounded: The other Por~ tuguese Man of War lay some Distance off, and could not come up with the Gaily, being calm; else would have likewise assaulted the same: The said Fight was sharp, and the said Portuguese left the said Gaily with such Satisfaction, that the Narrator believes no Pwtuguese will ever attack the King's Colours again, in that Part of the World especially: And afterwards continued upon the said Coast, cruising upon the Coast of Cameroone} for Pirates that frequent that Coast, till the Beginning of the Month of November 1697; when he met with Captain Hmo in the Loyal Captaine, an English Ship belonging to Maderas, bound to Surat, whom he examined; and, finding his Pass good, designed freely to let her pass about her Affairs; but, having Two Dutchmen on board, they told the Narrator's Men, That they had divers Greeks and Armenians on board, who had divers precious Stones and divers other rich Goods on board, which caused his Men to be very mutinous, and got up their Arms, and swore they would take the Ship; and Two-thirds of his Men voted for the same: The Narrator told them, The small Arms belonged to the Gaily, and that he was not come to take any Englishmen, or lawful Traders; and that, if they attempted any such thing, they should never come on board the Gaily again, nor have the Boat, or small Anns, for he had no Commission to take any but the Kings Enemies, and Pirates; and that he would attack them with the Gaily, and drive them into Bombay; the other being a Merchantman, and having no Guns, might easily have done it with a few Hands; and, with all the Arguments and Menaces he could use, could scarce restrain them from their unlawful Design; but at last I prevailed, and with much ado I got him clear, and let him go about his Business. All which the said Captain How will attest, if Jiving.

And that, about the 18th or 19th Day of the said Month of November, met with a Moors ship of about 200 Tons, coming from Surat, bound to the Coast of Mallabar, loaded with Two Horses, Sugar, and Cotton, to trade there, having about Forty Moors on board, with a Dutch Pilot, Boatswain, and Gunner; which said Ship the Narrator haled, and commanded on board; and with him came Eight or Nine Moors, and the said Three Dutchmen, who declared it was a Moors Ship; and demanding their pass from Surat, which they shewed; and the same was a French Pass, which he believes was shewed by a Mistake; for the Pilot swore Sacrament she was a Prize, and staid on board the Gaily; and would not return on board the Moor Ship; but went in the Gaily to the Port of St. Maries.

And that, about^the First Day of February following, upon the same Coast, under French Colours, with a Design to decoy, met with a Bengali Merchantman belonging to Suraty of the Burden of or 500 Tons, 10 Guns; and he commanded the Master on board; and a Frenchman, Inhabitant of Surat, and belonging to the French Factory there, and Gunner of the said Ship, came on board as Master; and, when he came on board, the Narrator caused the English Colours to be hoisted; and the said Master was surprised, and said, You are all English; and asking, which was the Captain ? Whom, when he saw, said, Here is a good Prize, and delivered him the French Pass.

And that, with the said Tw o Prizes, sailed for the Port of St. Maries in Madagascar; and, sailing thither, the said Gaily was so leaky, that they feared she would have sunk every hour, and it required Eight Men every Tw o Glasses, to keep her free; and was forced to woold her round with Cables to keep her together; and with much ado carried her into the said Port of St. Marie s; where they arrived about the First Day of April 1698: And, about the 6th Day of May, the lesser Prize was haled into the careening Island or Key, the other not being arrived; and ransacked and sunk by the mutinous Men; who threatened the Narrator, and the Men that would not

join with them, to burn and sink the other, that they miglv not go Home and tell the News.

And that, when he arrived in the said Port, there was. a Pirate Ship, called the Moca Frigate, at an Anchor, Robert Culliford Commander thereof; who, with his Men, left the same at his coming in, and ran into the Woods: And the Narrator proposed to his Men to take the same, having sufficient Power and Authority so to do; but the mutinous Crew told him, If he offered the same, they would rather fire Two Guns into him, than One into the other; and thereupon Ninety-seven deserted, and went into the Moca Frigate, and sent into the Woods for the said Pirates; and brought the said Culliford\ and his Men, on board again; and all the Time she staid in the said Port, which was for the Space of Four or Five Days, the said Deserters, sometimes in great Numbers, came on board the said Gaily and Adventure Prize, and carried away great Guns, Powder, Shot, small Arms, Sails, Anchors, Cables, Surgeons Chest, and w'hat else they pleased; and threatened several times to murder the Narrator, as he was informed, and advised to take Care of himself; which they designed in the Night to^effect; but was prevented by his locking himself in his Cabin at Night, and securing himself with barricading the same with Bales of Goods; and, having about Forty small Arms, besides Pistols, ready charged, kept them out; Their Wickedness was so great, after they had plundered and ransacked sufficiently, went Four Miles off to one Edzcard Welches House, where his the Narrator's Chest was lodged, and broke it open; and took out Ten Ounces of Gold, 40 Pound of Plate, 370 Pieces of Eight, the Narrator's Journal, and a great many Papers, that belonged to him, and the People of New York that fitted them out.

That, about the 15th of June the Moca Frigate went away, being manned with about 130 Men, and Forty Guns, bound out to take all Nations: Then it was tha$ the Narrator was left only with Thirteen Men; so that the Moors he had to pump and keep the Adventure Gaily above Water, being carried away, she sunk in the Harbour; and the Narrator, with the said Thirteen Men, went on board of the Adventure Prize; where he was forced to stay Five Months for a fair Wind: In the mean Time, some Passengers presented, that were bound for these Parts; which he took on board, to help to bring the said Adventure Prize Home.

That, about the Beginning of April 1.699, the Narrator arrived at Anguilla in the West Indies, and sent his Boat on Shore; where his Men had the News, That he and his People were proclaimed Pirates; which put them into such a Consternation, that they sought all Opportunities to run the Ship on Shore upon some Reef or Shoal, fearing the Narrator should carry them into some English Port.

From Anguilla they came to St. Thomas; where his Brother-in-law^, Samuel Bradley, was put on Shore, being sick; and Five more went away, and deserted him;v Where he heard the same News, That the Narrator, and his Company, were proclaimed Pirates, which incensed the People more and more.

From St. Thomas set sail for Mama, an Island between Hispaniola and Porto Rico; where they met with a Sloop called the St. Anthony, hound for Antegua from Curaso, Mr. Wm. Boulton.Merchant, and Samuel Wood Master: The Men on hoard then swore, they would bring the Ship no further: The Narrator then sent the said Sloop St. Anthony for Curaso, for Canvas to make Sails for the Prize, she being not able to proceed; and she returned in Ten Days; and after the Canvas came, he could not persuade the Men to carry her for New England; but Six of them went and carried their Chests and Things on hoard of Two Dutch Sloops, bound for Curaso; and would not so much as heel the Vessel, or do any thing; the Remainder of the Men not being able to bring the Ad-' venture Prize to Boston, the Narrator secured her id a good safe Harbour in some Part of Hispaniola; and left in the Possession of Mr, Henry Boulton of Antegua, Merchant,

h W: III.

' V . T

4° Decem

chant, the Maker, Three of the old Men, and Fifteen or Sixteen of the Men that belonged to the said Sloop St. Anthoixy, and a Brigantine belonging to one Mr. Burt of

Curaso.

That the Narrator bought the said Sloop St. Anthony of Mr. Boulton, for the Owners Account; and after, he had given Directions to the said Boulton to be careful of the said Ship and Lading, and persuaded him to stay Three Months till he returned; and th6n made the best of his Way to New York; where he heard the Earl of Bellomont was, who was principally concerned in the Adventure Gully; and hearing his Lordship was at Boston, came thither; and has been now 45 Days from the said Ship.

JVm. Kidd.

Boston, 7th July 1699.

Furtherthe Narrator saith, That the said Ship was leftat St. Catharine, on the South-east Part of Hispaniola, about Three Leagues to Leeward of the Westerly End of Savona. Whilst he lay at Hispaniola, he traded with Mr. Henry Boulton of Antegua, and Mr. Wm. Burt of Curaso, Merchants, to the Value of 11,200 Pieces of Eight; whereof he received the Sloop Antonio at 3,000 Pieces of Eight, and 4,200 Pieces of Eight by Bills of Exchange, drawn by Boulton and Burt upon Messieurs Gabriel and Lemont, Merchants in Curaso, made payable to Mr. Burt, who went himself to Curaso; and the Value of 4,000 Pieces of Eight more ini Dust and Bar Gold; which Gold, with some more traded for at Madagascar, being Fifty Pounds Weight, or upwards, in Quantity, the Narrator left in Custody of Mr. Gardner of Gardners Island, near the Eastern End of Long Island, fearing to bring it about by Sea: It is made up in a Bag put into a little Box, locked, and nailed, corded about, and sealed. Saith, He took no Receipt for it of Mr.' Gardner.

The Gold that was seized at Mr. Campbell's, the Narrator traded for at Madagascar, with what came out of the Gaily,

Saith, That he carried in the Adventure Gaily, from New York, 154 Men; Seventy whereof came out of England with him. Some of his Sloop's Company put Two Bales of Goods on shore at Gardiners Island, being their own proper Goods: The Narrator delivered a Chest of Goods, viz. Muslins, Latches, Romalls, and flowered Silk, unto Mr. Gardiner of Gardiner s Island aforesaid, to be kept there for the Narrator: Put no Goods on shore any where else: Several of his Company landed their Chests, and other Goods, at several Places.

Further saith, He delivered a small Bale of coarse Callicoes unto a Sloop Man of Rhode Island, that he had employed there. The Gold seized at Mr. Campbell's the Narrator intended for Presents to some, that he expected to do him Kindnesses. Some of his Company put their Chests and Bales on board a New York Sloop lying at Gardiners Island.

JVm. Kidd. Presented and taken, die preedict, before his Excellency and Council.

Council examined per

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

N* XXIII. A Copy of the Examination of Captain

Wm. Kidd.

Boston in New-England, Monday, 3d July 1699. Captain Wm. Kidd, by Command of his Excellency the Earl of Bellomont, having been notified and required to attend his Lordship in Council, at Six a Clock this Evening, at his Lordship's House, to give an Account of his Proceedings in his late Voyage to Madagascar, and Parts adjacent, and other Places, since his last Departure from England in the Adventure Gaily, with his Majesty's Royal Commission;

The said JVm. Kidd appeared accordingly, to the Summons served upon him, as above.

And, being demanded an Account of his proceedings, as above; he answered, That his Journal was destroyed, Vol. 13.

33

and made away, by his Company; but if his Excellency would please to grant him time for the same, he would prepare, and present his Lordship with, a Narrative thereof in Writing.

Being further demanded an Account of his Lading on board his Sloop now lying within this Port, and on board the Ship which he said he left at Hispaniola; saith, There is on board the Sloop; viz.

Forty Bales, containing Callicoes, Silk, Muslins striped and plain.

Five or Six Tons of refined Sugar, contained in Bags.

About 40lb. Weight in Dust and Bar Gold.

About 80 lb. Weight in Bar Silver.

All which, he saith, he purchased at Madagascar, with the Powder, Small Arms, and other Furniture, belonging to the Adventure Gaily, whereof he was late Commander.

And further saith, That, about Forty-two or Three Days since, he left a Ship on the South Side of Hispaniola in the Possession of Henry Boulton of Antegua, Merchant, and about Twenty-two Men; which Ship he brought last from Madagascar: And that there is oti board the same the several Goods following; viz.

About One hundred and Fifty Bales.

Seventy or Eighty Tons of Sugar.

About Ten Tons of Iron in short Junks.

About Fourteen or Fifteen Anchors.

Forty Tons of Saltpetre.

About Twenty Guns in the Hold.

Thirty Guns mounted, being the Guns lately belonging to the Adventure Gaily.

There is no Gold or Silver on board, that he knows

of.

Saith, He never romaged her.

The Ship is about 400 Tons in Burden, built at Sarrat by the Moors: All her Seams are rabbetted.

JVm. Kidd.

Die preedict, the foregoing Examination of Captain Kidd

w as taken before his Excellency and Council.

Examined per

Isa. Addington, Secretary.

N° XXIV. The Depositions of Abel Owen Mariner, of full Age, late Cook of the Adventure Gaily, Captain JVm. Kidd Commander; and Samuel Arris Mariner, late Steward of the same Ship, of full Age; Depose and testify, as followeth; viz.

That the said Ship was launched at Deptford, at Castle's Yard, about the 4th Day of December 1695,: And that the said Ship came to the Buoy and Nore about the latter end of February; and about the First Day of March the Men were pressed from on board the said Gaily for the Fleet; and she was staid about Nineteen Days, and then sailed for the Demmes; and, about the Eighth or Tenth Day of April, arrived there ;and thence sailed for Plymouth; and, on the 23d Day of the Month of April 1696, the said Ship sailed from Plymouth; and sometime in the Month of May, met with a small French Vessel, bound for Newfoundland, which they took, and* made Prize of, and carried the same into New York about the 4th Day of July following; and the same was condemned there as lawful Prize: And that, about the 6th Day of September then also following, the said Gaily sailed for the Maderas; and thence to Bonavista; thence to St.Jago; thence to Teleix, and the Island of Madagascar; thence to Johanna; thence to Mehila, w here they buried about Fifty of their Men in the Month of May 1697; and thence sailed upon the Coast of India; and, returning back to St. Maries, the Ship was all along so leaky, that they feared she would have sunk every Hour; and that it required Eight Men, every Two Glasses, to keep her free; and were forced to woold her round with Cables, to keep her together; and, with much ado, kept her above Water, and carried her into the said Port of St. Maries.

And that they took Two Vessels, which they carried into the said Port; and the Men, which afterwards de-K serted

Kidd's

Piracies

Kidds

Piracies,

34 40 Decemhris.

A. 1699.

serted the Gaily, sunk one of them there; and threatened the Captain, and these Deponents, and others, now arrived here, to sink the other, that they might not go thence to tell News: And that about Ninety of the said Gally's Crew deserted the same there; and that the said Gaily proved so insufficient and leaky, that she possibly could not be repaired; and sunk at an Anchor in the said Port.

And these Deponents further testify, That there was in the said Port a Pirate called the Mocha Frigate: And the said Captain Kidd proposed to his Men to take the same, having sufficient Power so to do; but the said Deserters, then being on board, told the said Captain Kidd\ That, if he offered the same, they would fire Two Guns into him, rather than One into the other; and immediately deserted the said Gaily, and went on board the Mocha Frigate.

And these Deponents also further depose, That with what Guns, Powder, and Sails, the said Captain Kidd could save out of the said Gaily, from the Violence of the said Deserters, he purchased, at least, between Thirty and Forty Bales of Goods, which he has brought in the Sloop , St. Antonio into this Port, for the Use of the Owners of the said Gaily.

His

Abel O Owen, Mark.

Samuel Arris.

English Smithy and Humphry Clay, Mariners, of full Age, lately belonging to the said Adventure Gaily, testify, Jhat they sailed in the same from New York on the time before specified; and testify to the Truth of the above-written. Deposition from that time: And that the Goods, now on board the said Sloop St. Antonio, were purchased, as aforesaid, for the Use of the Owners of the said Gaily.

English Smithy Humphry Clay.

Hugh Parratt Mariner, of a full Age, also deposeth, That he went on board the said Gaily at Johanna; and testifies to the Truth of the before-written Deposition from that time; and that the Goods, now on board the said Sloop St. Antonio, were purchased, as aforesaid, for the Use of the Owners of the said Gaily.

Hugh Parratt.

The Five Deponents within-named did severally declare, That, whereas, in their within written Affidavits, they speak of the taking of Two Vessels, they do further explain themselves; and testify, That the said Two Vessels were Moorish Ships, and taken by them upon the Coast of India; One of them of Burden betwixt Four and Five hundred Tons, the other about Tw o hundred Tons: They surrendered to them without firing any Guns at them: The greater Ship came from Bengali; the lesser Ship came from Surratt: The smaller Ship was taken in November 1697; the greater Ship in February following: The Master, Gunner, and Boatswain, of the smaller Ship were Dutchmen, the rest of the Company were Moors, being about Forty in Number in the Whole; Iier Lading consisted of some Persian Silks, and other dry Goods, with some Horses: The Three Dutchmen afterwards took up Arms on board the Gaily: The greater of the Tw o Ships is the same that they lately left at Hispaniola: She had about Ninety Meh on board: She was commanded by an Englishmen named Jfright; the Mate and Gunner were Dutch; all the rest of the Company were Moors: She was mounted with Ten Guns; and laden with Bengali Goods.

The Deponents further say, They met with the Mocha Frigate at the Port of Saint Marie's; and the Company belonging to her took the Companies belonging to the aforesaid Two Ships, forcibly, from on board the Adventure Gaily; and Ninety of the Company belonging to the said Gaily there also left her, and entered themselves on board the saickMocha Frigate; having first plundered the Two Ships before-named, and taken out of them a 3

considerable Quantity of Goods, and disposed of them at their Pleasure.

Signed,

Abel O Owent Sam. Arris,

English Smith, Humph. Clay, Hugh Parratt.

Boston, 4U1 July 1699.

The Five Deponents within named, and subscribed to this Affidavit, severally made Oath to the Truth of this their Deposition, before his Excellency the Governor and Council*

Copy examd per Isa. Addington, Secretary.

Mr. Blathwait presented to the House an Abstract of Representations made by Merchants and others, in the Years 1697, and 1698, relating to Piracies in the East Indies:

And an Account of what Captain ATw&f has done abroad, according to the Informations received by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, from the Earl of Bello-monty and otherwise; and what has been done there* upon.

And the same were delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Titles thereof read.

And the same are as follow; viz.

The said ABSTRACT.

December 1697. Several Advices received by the East India Company from their Factors in the East Indies, relating to Piracies in those Parts; as also a Letter from Captain JVarren, Commander of One of his Majesty's Ships of War, lately returning from thence, dated the Tu'enty-eighth of November 1697; giving an Account of the Pirates at St. Marie's, near Madagascar; were now communicated to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

169-J-. January. And upon Consideration of the Means to root these Pirates out of those Seas, the East India Company proposed to the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, That Two or Three Fourth Rate Frh gates might be sent in March next for that End.

Whereupon Captain JVarren being sent for, he gave an Account of the Strength of the Pirates Ships at St, Maries; and proposed Four Ships of War as sufficient to suppress them.

February. The East India Company presented to the said Commissioners some further Advices about Pirates, which they had received from their Factors in the East Indies; unto w'hich they added, That the Pirates are so numerous in those Seas, that the Company is obliged to be at the Charge of sending Convoys with the Mogul!* Ships from Port to Port.

They also sent to the Board Mr. Henry JVatson, who gave in a Narrative of the Taking of Two Coasting Vessels in the East Indies, in August 1696, belonging to the East India Company's Servants there, by a Vessel called John and Rebecca, commanded by one John Hoar.

And they sent further some other Extracts of the Letters they had received from their Factors in the East Indies, relating to the Pirates there; dated Fort St. George, the 19th of January 1694; Bombay, the 1 lthof April 1697; and Bombay, the 28th of April 1697.

The said Company also sent to the Board one John Fin-Rnson a Seaman, who had been at St. Maries; who gave an Account of that Island; of Baldridge, and other Pirates, being settled there, and of their furnishing the Pirates that came into that Island with Provisions.

And upon Notice, That one Mr. Fullerton could give gome Informations in these Matters, he was sent for; and his Account agreed, in Substance, with that of John Finlinson aforenamed.

1698. July. Captain JVarren, being now appointed to command some Ships of War in an Expedition against the Pirates in the East Indies, presented to the said Commissioners

i i W. III. 40

missioners a Memorial relating the reunto: In which, among other things, he desired, That a Fifth Rate Frigate might be added to the Ships already appointed: And introduced to the Board one John Blacon; who gave an Account of several Pirates in the East Indies, particularly at St. Maries; and of several Piracies committed in those Seas.

August. Several Papers were now received from the East India Company, about Piracies committed by Captain Kidd in the East Indies.

The said Account of vrhat Captain Kidd has done abroad, and what has been done thereupon.

The East India Company having, about the Month of August. 1698, communicated, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, some Informations they had received from their Factors in the East hidies, of Piracies committed by Captain Kidd; circular Letters were thereupon sent to all the American Plantations, by the Secretary of State, giving Notice thereof; and strictly commanding all the Governors of the said Plantations, by tire Frigates there, and otherwise, to make Search for him; and to seize him, if he came within their Reach.

The First Advice received of Kidd's Return to America, was by a Letter from the President and Council of Nevis to the Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Vernon, dated the 18th of May 1699; wherein they write, That Kidd being returned from Madagascar, in a large Ge-imesse Vessel, of about 400 Tons, with 30 Guns, but leaky, and the Men much in Distress for want of Provisions, he had, about Twenty Days before their Writing, touched at Anguilla, a small Island under that Government, where he tarried about Four Hours^; but, being refused Succour, sailed thence for the Island St. Thomas, belonging to the Crown of Denmark, and anchored off that Harbour Three Days; in which time he treated with them also for Relief; but the Governor absolutely denying him, he bore away further to Leeward; and, upon Advice thereof, the said President and Council of Nevis forthwith sent out his Majesty's Ship the Queenborough, then attending that Government, in Pursuit of him.

The said President and Council sent also afterwards to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, the Information of one Peter Smith a Dutchman, and an Inhabitant of the Island of St. Thomas, dated at Nevis the 27th of June 1699; by which, and other Advices since received from the Earl of Bellomont, it appears, That Kidd sailed from St. Thomas for the Island of Mona, lying between Porto Rico and Hispaniola; and there meeting with one Bolton, of Antegoa, and one Burt, of St. Thomas s, he sold them several Goods, and sent Bolton to Curasrn to fetch him Provisions: Which being accordingly done, he bought of Bolton a Sloop, and therein laded the best of his own Goods, and sailed towards New York; leaving the said Bolton, with Seventeen or Eighteen Men, in Trust with the Ship Quidah Merchant, one of the Ships seized by the said Kidd in the East Indies, and the Goods left in her.

The next Advice received of him was from Colonel Quart/, Judge of the Admiralty Court in Pensilvania, by Letters dated the Sixth of June; in which he writes, That Kidd was arrived in Delaware Bay, in a Sloop with about Forty Men, having with him a vast Treasure; and that he had sent his Boat on shore to the Horekills, where he was supplied with what he wanted; and from whence the People frequently went on board him.

After which it appears, by other Informations, That from thence he sailed into the Sound of New York, sending Word to his Friends at New Yo?'k of his Arrival; and that he stopt at Gardner's Island, and there put several Bales of Goods on shore, as some also into a New York Sloop, then lying the re; and landed others at Tar~ pmlin Cm; and that in Oyster Bay he took in one Emot, of New York, whom he carried along with him to Rhode Island, and there set him on shore.

Whilst Kidd staid there, or upon that Coast, Emot Voi. 13.

went to Boston to the Earl of Bellomont, telling him, Kidd1* That Kidd had left a great Moorish Ship he took io piracieli India, called the Quedah Merchant, in a Creek on the Coast of Hispaniola, with Goods to the Value of 30,000'/.; though his Lordship writes, That, upon a Computation of the Particulars afterwards given in by Kidd, they were judged to be worth 70,000 /.; And that he had bought a Sloop, in which he was come before to make his Terms; and had brought Goods with him in the said Sloop, which he believed would sell for about 10,000l.

He said also, That Kidd was very innocent, and would make it appear, that his Men forced him; locking him up in the Cabin of the Adventure Gaily, whilst they robbed Two or Three Ships; which he could prove by many Witnesses.

Hereupon the Earl of Bellomont answered Emot, That if Kidd could make his Innocency appear, he might safely come into that Port: And accordingly he wrote a Letter to Kidd, inviting him to come in; and assuring him,

That if his Case was as clear as he, or Mr. Emot for him, had said, then he might safely come in thither; and made no Doubt but to obtain the Kings Pardon for him.

This Letter his Lordship sent by one Campbell; and in Three or Four Days time, Campbell returned with Answer from Kidd, full of Protestations of his Innocency; and expressing his Design of bringing his Sloop into that Port.

Kidd came accordingly, and landed at Boston the First of July 1699; but, by his trifling Answers to the Earl of Bellomont and Council, upon several Examinations; by the Endeavours of his Friends Campbell and Livingstone to embezzle the Cargo on board the Sloop; by Intimation given of an intended Present; by Livingstone's peremptory Demand, That a Bond and Articles, which he has entered into as Security for Kidd, upon his undertaking this Expedition, should be discharged; and by his Threats, That unless those Securities were immediately given up, Kidd would never bring in the great Ship that he had left on the Coast of Hispaniola; his Lordship, finding it necessary to act more openly, caused Kidd, upon the 6th of July, to be seized, and committed to Prison.

This whole Matter was transacted by his Lordship, from first to last, with the Privity and Advice of the Council of the Massachusets Bay: And then Commissioners were appointed to take care of the Sloop's Cargo, and to make Inventories thereof; and other Directions given, for securing any Part that could be found of the Goods which had been put ashore on that Coast.

Having done this, his Lordship's next Care was to fit out a Ship to look after the Quedah Merchant, and secure the Goods that might be found in her; but, before that, could be done, he received an Account, viz. the 17th of the same Month of July, from one Captain Nicolas Evertse, That he had been at Curaçao, and saw several Sloops lading of the said Goods brought thither; and there understood, That the said Ship had been carried, by a Curassaw Master, into a Salt Lagon in the Island of St. Helena, to the South-east of Hispaniola; and that, in coming from Curassaw, and touching at the said Island of St. Helena, on the 29th of the foregoing Month, he himself saw the said Ship, the Quedah Merchant, on Fire, and almost burnt down, there being then Two Sloops at that Place.

Kidd being thus secured, such of his Men as could be met with were seized also; and, by the Informations of some of them, who had been witji him in the whole Voyage, it appears, That, about the Month of April 1696, he sailed in the Adventure Gaily from Plymouth to New York; and, in his Way, took a French Prize, which he carried in with him.

From New Yoi'k he sailed to Madera, thence to Bona-vista and St. Jago, where he took in Provisions, and proceeded to Madagascar: After that, having sailed to and again, and touched in several Places, he cruised off

the

D by

Kidd'?

Piracies.

4* — 50 Decembris*

A. 1699.

the Babbs, at the Entrance of the Bed Sea, in Expectation of Ships that might pass by; but effected nothing the re.

Thence he sailed to Calicut; and, after Four or Five Days Stay, went a cruising upon that Coast; and there took a Ship of 150 Tons Burden, whereof the Master, and Three or Four Seamen, were Dutchmen, the rest Moors, laden with Cotton; which Ship he carried to Madagascar: This was done about May 1698.

Five Weeks after, he took the fore-mentioned Ship, the Quidah Merchant, of 400 Tons Burden, commanded by one Right an Englishmen; having on Board Two Dutch Mates, and One French Gunner; but the main dumber of the Crew were Moors; being in all about -Ninety Persons.

Kidd carried the said Ship into St. Mane's, near Madagascar; and there unladed the Goods, and shared them with his Company, they being then about 115 Men; who had, one with another, Three or Four Bales apiece for his Share; and Kidd had Forty Shares for his Part: The Bales contained Callicoes, Romalls, Muslins, and some Silk, flowered, and striped, and plain.

After the Sharing of these Goods, Ninety of the Company left Kidd, and went aboard the Mocha Frigate, then lying at St. Marie s.

Kidd, and the Men that remained with him, carried their Goods again aboard the Quidah Merchant, and run the Adventure Gaily on shore, she being very leaky, and set her on Fire; and; having procured some more Men at St. Marie's, came away in her for the West Indies, and arrived at Anguilla, as before-mentioned.

The Earl of Bellomont, in transmitting this Account of his Proceedings in relation to Kidd, gave further Intimation, at the same time, That he was not only fearful of the Escape of the Prisoners, having then before him fresh Example of the Escape of one Bradish{ another Pirate, with great Suspicion of the Privity of the Gaoler; but also that there are no Laws in that Country for the Punishing of Piracy with Death; and that the People, in all these neighbouring Parts, are so favourable to Pirates, by reason of the Money they brought and dispersed amongst them, that there could be no Expectation of any Justice against them there.

Upon which Advice, their Excellencies the late Lords Justices sent One of his Majesty's Ships to fetch over Kidd, and other Pirates, in safe Custody; together with their Effects that had been seized, and the Evidences that might be useful towards their Conviction here; in order to their being tried and punished here, according to Law: But it happened, as is said, that the said Ship, having met with Storms at Sea, and suffered such Damage thereby, that she could not proceed, is lately returned into Portsmouth.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Papers this Day delivered in at the Table, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Martis, 5* die Decembris; ii° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Citizens of the Dee

City of Chester, was presented to the House, and Navigatioi read; setting forth, That the River Dee was heretofore navigable for Ships and Vessels of considerable Burden, from the Sea to the City of Chester; but, for want of sufficient Banks and Fences on the Sides thereof, against the Flux and Reflux of the Sea, the Channel is become so various and incertain, that the Navigation to the said City is almost lost; for Recovery whereof, the Petitioners are willing to submit to a Tax on all Lime and Coal that shall be unladed in the said City: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Tho. Gj'osvesnor and Mr. Shackerly do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas May, of Stoak next Nayland, in May sEst the County of Suffolk, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in 1687, did settle upon his late Wife Frances, deceased, divers Lands and Premises in Stoak aforesaid, for her Life; and, after, upon her Issue Male, and for raising Daughters Portions; Remainder in Fee to the Petitioner:

That Frances left but One Daughter, who is now living; and the Petitioner hath agreed for the Purchase 6f other Lands in the said County, of greater Value, which is more for the Advantage of his Family: Therefore he prays, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to sell the Lands in Stoak aforesaid; and to convey the said other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; he having the Consent of the Trustees of the said Settlement, and all others concerned, for so doing.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for erecting and establishing a Court of Con- Westmins science in the City of Westminster, and the Liberties Small De thereof, was, according to Order, read a First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

Sir George Rook, from the Commissioners of the Seamen* Admiralty, according to Order, presented to the House Wage*, an Account of what is due to the Seamen for Wages, both for the Ships to be paid ofij and for the Recalls: And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

For Wages due the 30th of November} £. last, to Seamen belonging to Ships to be paid > 357,004 off-----)

For Wages due on the Recalls to the 30th *) 0

of November last - - - - -j 3i 2,908

East India Ordered, That a Copy of a Petition of the East Indio Company's Company to the Lords Justices, of the :20th of August Petitions. 1696; and of another to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, of the 26th of February 1696; be laid before this House Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

669,212

J. Bridgroater,

G. Hooke,

Geo. Churchill, D. Mitchell.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Sir George Rooke also, from the Commissioners of the East Indi Admiralty, according to Order, presented the House a Compaq Copy of the Petition of the East India Company: spect!ngs

And Piracies.

11 W. III. J>6 Decembris.

JrfMj And a Copy of the JHinutes taken at the Admiralty Board upon the said Petition: And also, feting A Copy of Sir Charles Hedges' Report upon the Pe-fafie. tition of the East India Company, relating to the Commissions to take Pirates, &;c.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Petition, Minutes, and Report, are as follow:

The said Petition.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of

England:

The humble Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, Humbly sheweth,

That, of late years, great Numbers of vicious and ill-principled Men have set out several Ships, from Europe and the West Indies, on purpose to rob and seize the Ships of all Nations they can meet with in the Indian Seas; and, in pursuance of the said villainous Designs, have already committed so great Robberies and Outrages, that the Nations of those Parts, finding their Ships robbed, and Navigation interrupted, by Pirates under English Colours, and, in Truth, the greatest Part of them are Subjects of the Crown of England, have several times seized the Factories of your Petitioners, and put their Factors and Servants in Irons, to their great Detriment: Nor do your Petitioners yet know, whether the Mogul hath not seized all the Effects of your Petitioners in India, to make good the Damage his Subjects have sustained by the late Piracies committed by Every and others.

That your Petitioners have Advice, That several Ships are gone out, and more are fitting out, from our Plantations in the West Indies, on the same Designs; and, unless some Stop be put to these villainous Practices, your Petitioners have too great Reason to apprehend the Continuance of such Practices will so far exasperate the Indian Nations, that they will utterly destroy the Factors and Effects of your Petitioners, and totally forbid all Commerce between them and the English Nation.

That your Petitioners are, on their Parts, ready to do whatever they can to suppress their piratical Practices; nor will they spare any Cost effectually to put an End to these Violations of the Laws of all Nations, as far as they shall be enabled.

Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray, your Lord-' ships would please to impower the Petitioners Ships

and Officers to seize and take all Pirates infesting those Seas, within the Limits of the Company's Charter; and likewise to impower them to erect a Court of Admiralty in those Parts, to try and condemn such Pirates as they shall take; or in such other manner as your Lordships shall judge most effectual for suppressing and preventing the like Villainies in time to come.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray, &;c.

Ko. Blackborne, Secretary.

2d March

Received then, and read.

5 December 99. A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

Report on the Petition of the East India Company, for erecting Courts of Admiralty there.

17 March. Sir Charles Hedges, Judge of the Admiralty, attended the Board; and acquainted them, That in case they do appoint a Vice Admiral at Bombay, or any other Place in the East Indies, he will thereby have Power to proceed against the Ships of such Pirates as shall be taken by the East India Company's Ships, seized on by the Powers given them by the Board, by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal of England] and to send home the Persons in Custody.

5° December 99. A true Copy,

J. Burbhett.

The said Report;

Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Hedges to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated the 8th March 1696.

Having, according to your Lordships Order of the 4th Instant, considered the Petition of the East India Company, relating to Commissions to take Pirates, and the Establishing of a Court of Admiralty for proceeding against them in the East Indies; it is my humble Opinion, That the most regular Way will be, for your Lordships to take a Commission under the Great Seal of England, giving Power to the Lord Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Admiral of England, by Name, and for the Time being, to grant Commissions to any of the Captains of the East India Company's Ships, for the taking of Ships of Pirates; wherein it may be expressed, What Parts or Shares the King shall think fit to reserve to himself or bestow upon the Captors and Company.

And, to the end that legal Proceedings may be had in the East Indies, I humbly conceive, That your Lordships may be pleased to erect a Vice Admiral at Bombay, or any other Place that shall be thought expedient, in the same manner as is done in the West Indies; which being established by a Commission in the ordinary Form, that will be sufficient to impower such Vice Admiralty there, to proceed against Ships, as fully as any Vice Admiralty in England, or the High Court of Admiralty, can do:

And, as to the Persons, I think there is no Doubt but they may be sent home in Custody: But, whether it will be fit to try them there for their Lives, considering the Statute 28 Hen. VIII. Chap. 15. I must crave Leave to submit to the Gentlemen learned in the common Laws of the Land, and your Lordships further Consideration#

5 December 1699. A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition,

Minutes, and Report, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That he, with Answer to the House, having attended his Majesty, and presented Address, their Address, his Majesty had been pleased to give a gracious Answer thereunto; which being long, and his Majesty's Voice low, he had, for preventing any Mistake, desired and obtained a Copy thereof; Which he read; and is as followeth; vis.

The said Minutes taken at the Admiralty Office, 3d March 169-J.

The Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, read; praying, That their Ships and Officers may be impowered to seize and take all Pirates infesting the Seas within the Limits of the Company's Charter, &c.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Judge of the Admiralty; who is to report to us his Opinion therein.

15 ditto. The Petition of the East India Company, touching their being unpowered to seize and take Pirates in the Indies, and erecting a Court of Admiralty there, together with Sir Charles Hedges' Opinion thereon, were read.

Sir Charles Hedges to attend the Board, touching his . Vol. 13.

Gentlemen,

MY Parliaments have done so great things for me, and I have, upon all proper Occasions, expressed so great a Sense of their Kindness, and my Opinion has been so often declared, That the Happiness of an English King depends upon an intire good Correspondence between him and his Parliament, That it cannot seem strange for me to assure you, That no Persons have ever yet dared to go about to misrepresent to me the Proceedings of either House; Had I found any such, they would have immediately felt the highest Marks of my Displeasure: It is a Justice I owe, not only to my Parliaments, but to every one of my Subjects, to judge of them by their Actions; and this Rule I will steadily pursue. If any shall hereafter attempt to put me on other Methods, by Calumnies or Misrepresentations, they will not only fail L ®f

Supply.

Papers

respecting

Piracies.

38 50 Decembris. 1699.

of Success, but shall be looked upon, and treated by me, as my worst Enemies.

Gentlemen,

I am pleased to see, by your Address, That you have the same Thoughts of the great Advantages which will ensue to the Kingdom, from our mutual Confidence, as I expressed to both Houses at the Opening of this Session. I take very kindly the Assurance you give me, of using your utmost Care and Endeavour to prevent and discourage all false Rumours and Reports, reflecting upon Me, and my Government; and I faithfully promise you, That no Actions of mine shall give a just Ground for any Misunderstanding between me and my People.

Thfe House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, TUat this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Vernon, according to Order, presented to the House the Petition of the East India Company to the Lords Justices: And

An Extract out of the Lords Justices Minute Book: And

A Copy of a Letter from the Privy Council to the Governors of the Plantations, for Apprehending of Pirates, and Suppressing Piracy.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the same were as follow; viz.

The said Petition.

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices of England.

May it please your Excellencies,

The Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, having received a letter, dated the 14th of August 96, from Mr. Yard, intimating, That there hath been Application made to your Excellencies, on behalf of One of the Persons that was on board the Ship Charles, alias Fancy, mentioned in your Excellencies last Proclamation, who, if he might have a Pardon, offers to come in, and discover his Knowledge in the whole Matter of the Piracy committed in India by the said Ship, and use his utmost Diligence for the Apprehending those other Pirates that were concerned on board the same; and to represent to your Excellencies, what we thought proper to be done in that Case; do humbly shew to your Excellencies, That there being Persons enough already in Custody, to prove the Matter of Fact, of which the rest stand accused; do therefore humbly conceive, with Submission to your Excellencies, That a Pardon to any other of the Criminals can be of no other Use, than upon the Terms in the said Proclamation mentioned; and the Government in India, where the Company's Affairs, occasioned by the horrid Villainies and Robberies committed by the said Pirates, are in a very deplorable Condition, being no otherwise to be satisfied, than by the Execution of Justice upon the Criminals.

And they do further humbly pray, That such of the Species of Gold, Silver and Jewels, as have already been, or shall hereafter be, seized in the Custody of any of the said Pirates, or of any other Persons, who cannot make a legal Title thereunto, may not be disposed of, but put into the Possession of the said Governor and Company, in order to be preserved for the Use of the Proprietors in India; that the Government there may see, That his Majesty here, as well as the said Company, have done their utmost Endeavours to seize the said Pirates, and to make Restitution to the Persons injured, as far as it is in their Power.

Signed by Order of the Governor and Company.

Ro. Blackborne, Secretary.

East India House,

20th Aug. 1696.

The said Extract, 20th Aug. 1696.

Present,

Lord Archbishop, Lord Steward,

Lord Privy Seal, Duke of Shrevsbury,

Lord Godolphin.

A Memorial, presented by the East India Company, against pardoning any of the Pirates, but such as should come in upon the Terms of the Proclamation; and, that what Money should be found belonging to the Pirates, might be put into their Hands, to be restored to the Owners in India.

Ordered, That it be brought to the Council, to be considered there.

The said Letter.

At the Council Chamber in Whitehall, the 27th Aug. 1696.

Present,

Their Excellencies the Lord Justices in Council. Lord Keeper, Earl of Mountague,

Lord Privy Seal, Earl of Tankci'ville,

Duke of Shrewsbury, Mr. Vice Chamberlain,

Lord Chamberlain, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Lord Godolphin, Sir Henry Goodrich,

Mr. Boscazcen.

After our very hearty Commendations: Whereas their Excellencies the Lords Justices of England have received Information, from the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, That Henry Every, alias Bridgman, with divers other Persons, English and Foreigners, having run away with the Ship Charles the Second, alias the Pliancy, from the Port of Corunna in Spain, had committed several Acts of Piracy in the Seas of India and Persia; and, having afterwards left the said Ship at the Island of Providence, had shared the Plunder so by them gotten, and dispersed themselves: Their Excellencies have thereupon thought fit, by Proclamation in his Majesty's Name, to require all his Majesty's Admirals, Commanders, and other Officers at Sea, and all Governors and Commanders, and other Officers whatsoever, in his Majesty's Plantations, to secure and apprehend the said Henry Every, alias Bridgman, and other Persons named in the said Proclamation, and such others as were with them in the said Ship; d Copy of which Proclamation you will herewith receive. And whereas Information has been likewise given, That divers Pirates and Sea Robbers have, of late Years, gone from several Parts of his Majesty's Plantations in America to the Seas of India and Persia, and other remote Parts, upon the like piratical Designs; and that some of them have returned home pgain, and dispersed themselves in his Majesty's Plantations, with great Quantities of Gold, and other Plunder; We do hereby, in his Majesty's Name, strictly require and command you, forthwith, upon Receipt hereof, to cause the said Proclamation to be published within your Government: And that, for the Suppressing, as inucii as may be, all such evil Practices for the future, whereby the Trade of his Majesty's good Subjects in foreign Parts may be otherwise greatly disturbed, We do hereby, in his Majesty's Name, strictly charge and require you. and all his Majesty's Officers and loving Subjects, within your Government, to take all possible Care, and use all due Means, for the Seizing and Apprehending all such Pirates and Sea Robbers, and such as may reasonably be suspected for the same, either by reason of the great Quantities of Gold and Silver of foreign Coins they usually have with them, or by other probable Circumstances; and to cause them

to

11 W. III. 5 — 6° — 70 Dec 3 9

to be strcightly imprisoned; and their Ships, Goods, and Plunder, to be kept in safe Custody; until, upon returning a full Account unto us of the said Persons, their Ships, Goods, and Plunder, with the Evidences relating to them, his Majesty's Pleasure shall be known and signified concerning the m: And so we bid you very heartily farewell.

From the Council Chamber at Whitehall, the 27th Day of August 1696.

Your very loving Friends, Romney, Tankerville,

Pere. Bertie, Ch. Mountague,

H. Goodrich, J. Boscawen.

This Letter, so dated and signed, was sent to the Governors of his Majesty's Plantations following > Barbadoes, Nevis, St. Christopher's, &c. Virginia, Maryland, New York, Jamaica, Massachusets Bay, New Hampshire, Bermudas or Summer Islands, Lucaios or Bahama Islands, Carolina, Pensilvanid, East and West New Jersey, Connecticut, Rhode Island.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and Extract, and Letter, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Decembris; n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

D«NV ATR.Shakerly, according to Order, presented to the iVJL House a Bill to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second time.

kpplj. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole tjouse, to wIiqui it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and areas follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 76,383/. 5 s. 4 d. now remaining in the Exchequer, upon the Account of the Subsidy of Tonageand Poundage granted to his Majesty for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1694, together with what shall arise from the same Fund, to the 25th Day of December next, shall be applied towards Payment of Seamen's Wages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whosoever shall advance or lend a Sum, not exceeding 220,000l. for the further paying Seamen's Wages, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at Five Pound per Centum per Annum, out of the First Aid to be granted this Session.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of 76,383 I. 5 s. 4 d. now remaining in the Exchequer, upon the Account of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage granted to his Majesty for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1694, together with what shall arise from the same Fund to the 25th Day of December next, shall be applied towards Payment of Seamen's Wages.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That whosoever shall advance or lend a Sum, not exceeding Vo t, 13.

220,000 /. for the further paying Seamen s Wages, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, out of the First Aid to be granted this Session.

A Petition of Richard Nichols, and others, on behalf Army of themselves and others, lately disbanded out of his Arrear#. Majesty's Regiment of Foot Guards, was presented to the Ilouse, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with all imaginable Submission, applied to/their Officers, and given them their Accounts of wjiat is due to the Petitioners, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament to enable Soldiers to exercise Trades, and to oblige their Officers to make up such Accounts; but their Officers refuse to make up such Accounts:

And One of their Officers, upon shewing him an Act made in 1692, threw it away in great Disdain, bidding the Petitioners go to their Parliament to right them; and speaking unseeming Words against this House; which the Petitioners are ready to prove: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Just.

Isham, Sir 7ho. Davall, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Holies, Mr. Barnardiston, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Colonel Granville, Mr. Mountsteven. Sir John Phillips, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Hysham, Mr Moor, Mr Vernon, Sir Ja.

Houblm, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Gourdon, Sir Fra. Windham,

Air. Keckuidi. Mr. Lowther, Mr. Rudge, Mr. How, Mr.

Hancock, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Iiar-court, Mr. Jolli/fe, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Bryan Staple-ton, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Whitchurch, Mr. Palmes: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until Monday Morning next: And that such Members House, as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That all Knights of Shires be added to the Commission! Committee, to w hom it is referred to inspect the Com- of the Peace, missions of the Peace, and Commissions to Deputy &c-Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into state of a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Trade, the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville acquainted the House, That the said Committee had sat; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovisj 7° die Decembris;

ll° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Eyres, according to Order, presented to the Blackwell-House a Bill for the more effectual Execution of hall Cloth an Act, intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Black- Market.

well-

40

70 Decembris. . 1699.

well-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Answer to The Earl of Ranelagh acquainted the House, That he

Address. having presented to his Majesty their Address, That he would be pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for the Suppressing of all Vice and Immorality, and for putting the Laws in Execution relating the reunto, his Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, That he would speedily comply with the Desires of this House therein.

Army A Petition of Reuben Sooley, and others, disbanded

Arrears. Soldiers of his Majesty's Regiment of Foot Guards, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Colonel Hopson intrusted Lieutenant Upcott with the Management of the said Regiment; who received the Petitioners Subsistence Money, and applied it to his own Use, amounting to 95/.: For Redress wherein, they applied to the Court Martial at the Horse Guards, which ordered the Petitioners but 45 /. 105. out of 91 /. due to Lieutenant Upcott, of which they have not yet received One Peny; so that they are reduced to very great Hardships: And praying the House to order the Payment of their Subsistence, which has been received, and detained from them, these Four Years past.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nickolls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Grants from Ordered That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House c rown. Account of all Grants made since the 18th Day of March last; together with the Petitions on which the same were made; and, if the same be in Trustees Names, for whom the same were made.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster

do lay before this House an Account of all Grants since the 27th Day of March last; together with the Petitions on which the same were made; and, if the same be in Trustees Names, for whom the same were made.

Incomes and Issues of Revenue.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Incomes and Issues of the Revenue for the last Year.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, by adding " and for Transport Service;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Deficiencies not already provided for; and also of the Debts to the Navy, Ordnance, and Forces, and for Transport Service.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, Excise of That they had directed him to move, That the Commis- Beer, &c. sioners of Excise may lay before the House a State of the several Branches of the Revenue of Excise of Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; how appropriated; for what time granted; and how much were the gross and net Produces of the same, severally, for the Year ending at Midsummer last.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, by adding " and so forward to Michaelmas last;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House a State of the several Branches of the Revenue of Excise of Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; how appropriated; for what time granted; and how much were the gross and net Produces of the same, severally, for the Year ending at Midsummer last, and so forward to Michaelmas last.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, Excise That they had directed him to move, That the Commis- ^Pe"ce®s 0 sioners of Excise may lay before the House an Account ' how the Expences and Management of the respective Branches of the Revenue of Excise are now charged.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House an Account how the Expences of Management of the respective Branches of the Revenue of Excise are now charged.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, Malt Duty That they had directed him to move, That the Commissioners of Excise may lay before the House an Account of the Produce of the Malt Duty; and what is now standing out in Arrear; and the Charge of the Management of that Duty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House an Account of the Produce of the Malt Duty; and what is now standing out in Arrear; and the Charge of the Management of that Duty.

Officers under Ordered, That a List be laid before this House of all

and^eiT* Officers employed under the Crown; and of their Sala-Salaries. ries, both those Pa*d out of the Civil List, and also out of the Monies appropriated.

Excise Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay

Penalties, before this House an Account of all Penalties and For-

c* feitures received for Ten Years last past; and how the same have been disposed of.

Customs, Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ^ena ties, jay before this House an Account of what Penalties and Forfeitures have been received for Ten Years last past; and how the same have been disposed of.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That an Account be laid before this House of the Deficiencies not already provided for; and also of the Debts to the Navy, Ordnance, and Forces.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, Custom! That they had directed him to move, That the Commis- Bonds, sioners of the Customs may lay before the House an Account of what Bonds are standing out upon the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, granted to his Majesty for Five Years ending the 25th Day of December next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of what Bonds are standing out upon the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, granted to his Majesty for Five Years ending 25th Day of December next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was Supply, directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commits

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

II W. III.

Veneris, 86 die Decembrist ii° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

lSt0iie Ci^ERED, That Lamps be set up every Night jj " ie upon the Stairs to this House, and in the Passages, and other convenient Places, for the better Accommodation of the Members in their Attendance upon Committees.

Hit's Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill to enable Thomas May Gentleman to sell Lands in the County of Suffolk, which were settled upon his First and Second Marriages; and to convey other Lands, of a greater Value, in the same County* to the same Uses: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Annj A Petition of Edward Williams and Thomas Older show,

in behalf of themselves and all others, that served in the

Regiment of Horse commanded by Colonel Langston, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for the Two last Sessions, the Petitioners attended upon the House for an Account and Clearance of their Arrears, which their said Colonel had actually passed, as appears by a Discharge in the Office to 1st of April 1652; and, notwithstanding the Act of Parliament to oblige Officers to account with their Soldiers, yet Colonel Langston refuses so to do; declaring, he will pay nothing but what this House shall order; and keeps in Ireland, on purpose to defraud the Petitioners, who are not in a Condition to prosecute at Law for their just Dues: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditio. A Petition of Thomas Ryder, Thomas Warner, and others, for and on account of themselves, and the rest of the Soldiers, Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, who were lately disbanded out of his Majesty's Service, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That notwithstanding the late Act of Parliament for Relief of the Army, their Agent, Robert Griffith, and several other Officers and Agents, have absolutely refused to state their Accounts: That the Petitioners can prove great Sums to be in Arrear to the whole Army, and great Abuses, to their utter Ruin, unless relieved by this House: And praying the House to inquire into their*Grievances, and give them speedy Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine and consider of the Case of the Soldiers in-general, and appoint a Time for that Purpose; and report their Opinion therein to the House, what they conceive necessary to be done for their Relief.

A Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Deptford and Chatham, in the County of Kent, many of which are Innholders and Victuallers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Beginning of the late War, the Petitioners entertained great Numbers of sick and wounded Seamen, by Order of the Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, at 12 d. per Day, promising the same should be allowed out of their Pay; and the Hospitals being then full, the Petitioners, by reason of such Subsistence, have run themselves in Debt for Three or Four Years together: And new Commissioners have discharged the Debts of the sick and wounded Seameh at all Ports of this Kingdom, from the 1st of

Vol. 13.

41

July 1698, to the 30th of December 1699; but the former Commissioners are in Arrear from the Year 1695, to the last of June 1698; alleging, That they have not Money to discharge the same; which make the Creditors of the Petitioners very severe with them, who have made away with all they had; and others have been forced to abscond from their Habitations, for Want of what is due to them:

And praying the Consideration of the House, in order to their Relief.

Ordered, That as well the late as the present Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen do lay before this House, a State of the Debt due upon Account of that Service.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Exporting Parliament for preventing the Exportation of Wool, &c. w°o1* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being appointed by Act of Parliament, without any Fund, did, in 1698, take upon them, at their own Charge, to settle Officers in all the Maritime and Northern Counties; who did engage themselves in the said Service, without any Salaries, in Hopes their good Works would recommend them to future Consideration:

That they acted therein with good Success, and made many considerable Seizures, and gained divers Informations against notorious Offenders, and became more formidable to them, than other Officers formerly appointed for that Purpose: But for Want of Encouragement the Owlers have found Means to raise such powerful Interests v against the said Officers, that they have been put under all the Difficulties imaginable; sometimes their Seizures taken from them by open Force; sometimes by Replevin; and sometimes committed to Prison by Justices of the Peace, upon frivolous Pretences, when they have only acted in the Execution of their Offices: Of which the Petitioners being sensible, they petitioned his Majesty for a competent Supply to carry on the said Work; who referred it to the Lords of the Treasury: But the Petitioners could get no Report from them, and despair of getting any Assistance from that Board; so that, without the Aid of this House, their Officers, who have been at great Expence, and contracted great Debts, must be inevitably ruined; neither are they able to raise Money to condemn divers Parcels of Wool they have now under Seizure; nor to prosecute the Offenders: That, if the Petitioners were encouraged, they believe they can do much more, towards suppressing the Exportation of Wool, than any other Officers heretofore employed in that Business; there having been many Corruptions, and remiss Practices, in the subordinate Officers, to the Encouragement of Offenders: And that the Petitioners, proposing no Benefit to themselves, but for the common Good, hope, That if the House shall think fit to grant them some other Powers, and enable them to support their Officers, they shall give such Satisfaction for suppressing the said unlawful Practices, as that this House may have no more Occasion of thinking of other Methods for the suppressing the like Mischiefs for the future: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; and for reimbursing their Officers what they have expended in the said Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider, what has been done, upon the former Laws, against the Exportation of Wool, and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures; and to report the same, with their Opinion of what may be necessary to be further done.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine what Proceedings have been upon the Commission in the said Petition mentioned; and report their Opinion, How far it is fit the Act, the said Commission is grounded upon, ought to be repealed, or made more effectual; and that all the Members that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Suffolk, and Cornwall, be added to the said Committee.

Sir Richard Cocks, according to Order, presented to the Defective Housea Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Titles.

M Pretences

8° Decetnbris.

4$ 8° Decemb.A. 1699*

Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Great A Petition of Richard Robinson Esquire, was presented

Election House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec*

tion of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincolne, in the room of Sir Edward Aiscough, deceased, the Petitioner, Sir Thom. Barnardiston, and Captain Tfio. Viner, stood Candidates; and by treating, bribing, and many illegal Practices used by Mr. Viner, and his Agents, to procure Votes for him, he was returned as duly chosen; otherwise the Petitioner had been returned; who read the Act against Expences in open Court, at the Election; and charged the Voters there with Breach thereof; and none of them denied the same: Therefore the Petitioner prays, That the Merits of the said Election may be heard at the Bar of the House; or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Importing A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistants, of

Silks. the Company of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves and Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That raw Silk from Turky, being chiefly the Product of our Woollen Manufactures, and Stuffs mixt with Wool and Silk, and Silks, exported, having, by divers Acts of Parliament, been encouraged, the Manufacturers are become very numerous, and have attained to such Perfection therein, that they equalize most Nations; and, till of late Years, by the vast Quantities of East India, Pet'sia, and China, wrought Silks and Stuffs, imported, are ruined, comfortably maintained their numerous Families and Dependencies; many ingenious Artists, who were a Help to others, being fallen to the Parish wherein they live; and divers have been forced to go into Ireland, and foreign Parts, for their Subsistence; so that the Petitioners apprehend, That the Weaving Trade will, in a short time, be wholly lost, unless some

speedy Stop be put to the Home Consumption of the said foreign wrought Goods: And praying the House to consider their deplorable Condition, and to grant them such Relief as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Importing the Company of Silk-throwers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trade chiefly consists in Throwing raw Silks, and preparing them for the Weavers, whose Trade is very much decayed, by reason of the Home Consumption of the Abundance of wrought Silk and Stuffs imported from India, and other Parts; and, by consequence, the Petitioners Trade, which was formerly computed to employ above 40,000 People, is in Hazard of being lost, to the Ruin of those Thousands; who are, for the most Part, reduced to the utmost Extremity: And praying, That some Provision be made for preventing the Home Consumption, if not the Importation, of those foreign-wrought Silks and Stuffs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Mr. Godolphin, from the Commissioners of tie Customs, Customs, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Gross Receipt of the Customs and Impositions in London and Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1686, to Michaelmas 1688: And also,

An Account of Duties received for Goods exported in 1687, and 1688; and in 1698, and in 1699: And also,

An Account of the Customs for Two Years, from Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1699: And also,

The Return of the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Orders of the House of the 29th and 30th of November last.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Accounts are as follow; viz.

The ACCOUNT of the Gross Receipt of the Customs and Impositions in London and Out Ports, from

Michaelmas 1686, to Michaelmas 1688; viz.

From Michaelmas 1686, to 1688; — 3 On the Customs. Impost on Wines. Impost on Tobacco. Impost on Linen and Silk.

London - - - - £ s. d. 586,904 17 H £ s. d. 147,003 19 io£ 1. s. d. 232,912 3 1 £. s. d. 80,605 1 1

Out Ports - 295,681 14 4} 47,156 i 252,629 16 — J 24,704 15 8*

882,586 11 7i 194,159 l9 ioi 485,541 19 u 105,310 1 9*

From Michaelmas 1687, to Michaelmas') 1688; — 3 London ..... 507,835 15 1 139,215 1 8 209,280 1 2* 15,795 — 5

Out Ports - 274,151 7 42,113 6 31 232,998 3 7 22,896 — 7

£ 781,987 2 91 181,328 7 Hi 442,278 4 10J 38,691 1 —

The net Payments into the Exchequer, as extracted from the Books of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer.

From Michaelmas 1686, to Michaelmas)

1687 .....3

From Michaelmas 1687, to Michaelmas }

1688 .....\

Customs. Wines. Tobacco and Sugars. Linen and Skins.

£ d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s, d.

533,565 2 3* 186,119 12 7 169,572 13 Hi 148,211 5 11

544,422 9 5 172,961 5 11 152,801 14 11 96,774 15 io*

R. Holly Comptroller General.

The

8° Decenibris

nW. III.

43

The said ACCOUNT of Duties received for Goods exported in 1687, and 1688; and

in 1698, and 1699; vis.

From Michaelmas 1686, to Michaelmas 1687; — d.

London -.....- 8 . - - - - 46,475 *9 U

Out Ports.....33,064 *8 6

From Michaelmas 1687, to Michaelmas 1688; — London - -

Out Ports - -

From Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1698; — London -

Out Ports

From Michaelmas 1698, to Michaelmas 1699; — London -

Out Ports - -

79.540 17 64

41,476 2 iof

31,767 18 ni

73,244 1 ioi

47,835 17 10j

37,067 7 2

84,903 5 of

52,581 2 4

34,900 4 7

87,481 6 ni

R. Holt, Comptroller General.

The said ACCOUNT of the Customs for Two Years, from Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1699; vis.

YiomUichaelmas 1697,7 to Michaelmas 1698. J Customs. Coffee and Spice, &c. New Subsidy. Impost on Wines and Vinegar. Impost on Tobacco.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ * d. £. s. d.

London - 421,045 11 4f 8,844 6 6f 255,692 15 5i 109,716 10 7 121,347 14 1

Out Ports - - 181,239 2 3i 1,166 8 lli 102,213 11 of 18,662 11 oi 71,060 13 i{

£ 602,284 *3 7i 10,010 15 6f 358,006 6 6 128,379 7i 192,408 7 2{

London ... Out Ports - £ Impost on several Poundage Goods. Additional Impost on several Poundage Goods. Impost on Glass and Earthen Ware, Whale-Fins, and Scotch Linen. Impost on Leather. Impost on Paper, expired the ist of March 1698.

£ d. 169,203 15 4 29,162 8 4 £. s. d. 73,490 3 9 54,530 10 8 £. s. d. 2,990 19 11 1,131 18 2f £. s. d. 856 8 2. 246 12 3i £. s. d. 4,090 16 3 972 8 ni

198,366 3 8 128,020 14 5 4,122 l8 If 1,103 0 ioi 5,063 5

London ... Out Ports - . £ Second 25/. per Cent. &c. on French Goods. Trench Tonage Duty. New Duty on Coals, from the 15 May 1698. Additional Impost on East India Wrought Silks, from Michaelmas 1698.

£. s. d. 6,725 5 7i £. s. d. 330 7 6 476 11 0 £ d. 37,887 0 3 16,058 1 5 £. s. d.

6,725 5 7i 806 18 6 53,945 1 8

s. d.

Total of all the foregoing Duties - - 1,689,242. 12. 6{.

' Voi. is.

From

44 Decemlrh. A, 1699.

VromMichbelnUis 1698,1 to Michaelmas 1699. J Customs. Coffee and Spice, dec. Kew Subsidy. Impost on Wines and Vinegar. Impost on Tobacco.

' £ s. d. £ d. £ *. d. £ d

London - - 644,022 7 7i 14,233 12 11 394,091 2 — } 181,079 6 10 304,393 5 6f

Out Ports 179,269 11 gf 611 15 7i 90,093 4 2 18,726 2 2 141,995 16 1

£ 823,291 19 4 14,845 8 6 484,184 6 199,805 9 0 446,398 1 7k

Impost on several Poundage Goods. Additional Impost on several Poundage Goods. Impost on Glass and Earthen Wares, Whale-Fins, and Scotch Linen. Impost on Leather. Impost on Paper, expired the 1st March 1689.

£ s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £ A. d. £ s. d.

London - 282,761 3 6f 44,003 2 3} 11,609 7 °i 1,626 16 6£ 1,246 5

Out Ports 26,879 »5 51 18,522 17 10| i,547 18 7 108 10 -^-1 236 10 5}

£ 309,641 u| 62,526 0 i| 13,157 5 71 i,735 6 7} 1,482 15 8f

Second 25 I. per Cent. &c. on French Goods. French Tonage Duty. New Duty on Coals, from the 15 May 1698. Additional Impost on East India wrought Silk, from Michaelmas 1698.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

London 10,918 2 6 252 15 — 85,123 1 1 644 8 7

Out Ports 12,661 12 8f 188 6 6 30,184 6 4r —

£ 23,579 !5 2| 441 1 6 H5,307 7 644 8 7

£- s. d.

Total of the said Duties from Michaelmas 1698, to Michaelmas 1699 1>497»°3I 7 6i

Note. Twelve Out Port Books of this Year being not yet come to the Examiners Hands, are only computed by them by Estimate.

Memorandum. That though the Bonds, taken upon Sights of Seven East India Ships arriving the last Summer, are not herein mentioned, the said Sights being not yet all completely perfected; nevertheless, inasmuch as those Ships imported within the Period of this Account for 1699, the Duties, arising on the same ought to be comprehended in the Produce of that Year; which Duties, upon examining the Quantities of the several Species, are computed to amount to 163,600 L; whereof about 35,000 /. will be applicable to the Customs: Which Addition will raise the Duty very near as high this Year, as ever it advanced to in any former Year.

The

U W. Ill

8° Decembris.

Vol. 13.

S 00 , o

g Q> o o>

N

- 45

The said Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Honourable the Commons of England, assembled in Parliament.

Custom House, London, 6th December 1699. The Commissioners of the Customs, in Obedience to the Orders of this Honourable House of the 29th and 30th of November last, directed the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs, to draw out Abstracts of the Total Produce in London and the Out Ports, of the several Branches of Duties received at the Custom House, for the Years ending at Michaelmas 1698, md Michaelmas 1699; and also the like Accounts for the Years ending at Michaelmas 1687, and Mi-

chaelmas 1688; which are herewith humbly presented to this Honourable House; together with what appears, by the Books of the Exchequer, to have been paid in there on every respective Branch in the several Years: From comparing whereof, and of the Exportations distinctly in the several Years, which are also herewith delivered, the said Commissioners crave Leave humbly to observe, That, though the Revenue of Customs was higher in the Years 1687, and 1088; which arose visibly from the French Trade open at that time, than in the Years 1698, and 1699; in the former of which the Revenue had not found the full Effects of the Peace; yet that the Trade in these Two Years may be judged to be in a better State for the national Interest; inasmuch as the Duties upon Goods exported have exceeded the Accounts of the same in the former Years by 10,000l. a Year; which Increase of Exportation will answer to a very great Value in a foreign Market, towards the Advantage of this Kingdom, in the general Balance of Trade.

And, in farther Obedience to the said Order of the 29th, the said Commissioners crave Leave humbly to acquaint this Honourable House, That, upon the Observations they have made of the great Art and Industry that is daily used to import prohibited Goods, and clandestinely to import and land customable Goods, without Payment of the Duty, they have, for some time, had under Consideration the Heads of a Bill to prevent illegal and clandestine Trade in general, by setting it on a more equal Foot; and will beg Leave to offer the same to this Honourable House in a few Days; Which being what the Commissioners

46 8° — o0 Decembris> A. 1699.

missioners presume is expected from this Board, is most humbly submitted.

Walter Yonge, C. Godolphin,

Wm. St. Quintin, Sam.

T. Newport, Ite/z. Ovei'ton,

Robert Iienlcy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Clandestine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Trade. better preventing unlawful and clandestine Trade:

And it is referred to Mr. Godolphin, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. liar court, Mr. Moor, Six Row. Gwynn, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Cowper, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Newport, Mr. Henley, or any Five of them, to prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

State of Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-

Trade. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

which Bill will be a great Ease to the said Inhabitants:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the Avn City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; set- NaviSation ting forth, That making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, would employ great Numbers of poor People, in those adjacent Parts; and be a Nursery for his Majesty's Sea Service; and be a means to convey ponderous Commodities by Water; and also bring down the Dearness of Provisions, complained of by all Persons that yearly frequent the Bath: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River navigable from Bristoll to Bath; the Petitioners being willing, at their own Charge, to undertake the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blathzvaite and Mr. Popham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Defective Pretence of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions ,lltJes-by the Sea, or other defective Titles, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Sabbati, 9° die Deccmbris; n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Hopwoods A PETITION of Thomas Hopwood Gentleman, Marriage z\ and Elizabeth his Wife, was presented to the House, Settlement. ancj reacj. setting forth, That, upon the Marriage aforesaid, the Petitioner Thomas did settle his Manor of Milton, in Herefordshire, upon himself for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder, to his Wife for Life; Remainder, to their First and all other Sons, and their Heirs Male; and for want of Issue Male, to Trustees, to raise Portions for Daughters for 500 Years: That the Petitioners have Two Sons, and Two Daughters; but by reason of the Limitation of the Term of Years, being after the Limitation to the Issue in Tail Male, the Trust cannot commence, nor any Money be raised to make Provision for younger Children: And praying Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill to rectify the said Mistake in the said Settlement, so as Provision may be made for their younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And, That Mr. Thomas Harley and the Lord Coningsby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Westminster A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of

Small Debts, fa Margaret's, within the City of Westminster, was pre^ sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find by the Votes, That a Bill is brought into this House for erecting and establishing a Court of Conscience in the City of Westminster: That the Petitioners conceive, One chief Cause of the Increase of their Poor arises from the many vexatious Suits for Debts under Forty Shillings: And praying, That the said Bill may pass, it being an effectual Remedy to prevent the like Mischiefs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table ' until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto. . A Petition of the Houshplders, Inhabitants of the City , and Liberties of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; set-. ting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the VotesJ That there is a Bill depending in this House for erecting: and establishing a Court of Conscience in the said City and . Liberties, for determining Debts under Forty Shillings; .....‘4 "

A Petition of divers Persons, on behalf of themselves Creditors < and others, unto whom are now due great Sums of Money Lottery A upon the Credit of the late Malt Lottery Act, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it is provided by the said Act, That if the Monies arising by the Duties upon Malt should not amount to the net Sum of 1,515,000l. before the 29th of September 1*99;

That then the Deficiency should be made good out of the

First Aid to be granted in the then next Session of Parliament: That the said 29th of September is elapsed, and there is a great Deficiency of the said 1,515,000l.; And praying, That the House will make good the Deficiency in such manner as is mentioned in the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Vernon, by his Majesty's Command, Debt due presented to the House a State of the Debt due to the Prince of Prince of Denmark. Denmark

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The late Duke of Holstein being dispossessed of his Country by the late King of Denmark; in the Year 1684; he was restored to it again by the Treaty of Aliena, concluded the 20th of June 1689.

The third Article of the said Treaty takes notice, That the Island of Eemcren, with the Lands and Baillages of Stcinhorst, Tremsbuttel, and Trittau, were mortgaged to the King of Denmark; and it was insisted on, That they should be restored to the Duke, free of all Incumbrances:

And, by the said Article, the King of Denmark agrees to the immediate Restitution of the Baillage of Trittau; but, as to the Island of Femeren; with the Baillages of Trems-buttell, and Steinhorst, it appearing, That the King of Denmark could not dispose of them, since they were in the Possession of his Brother, Prince George of Denmark~

That there might be no Obstruction, upon that Account, to the Settlement of Peace in those Parts; the Mediators took upon themselves to find out the Means, whereby the Prince of Denmark should have Satisfaction given him for his Mortgage, without having any Recourse for it to his Brother: The said Mediators did likewise undertake to procure the Prince of Denmark's Consent, That the said Island and Baillages should be restored to the Duke of Holstein, cigar of all Debts and Demands.

The Benefit of the said Mortgages w'as given to Prince

George

11W. III. 9° — 11 ° Dece47

George of Denmark, by his Fathers Will; and, upon his and for Money lent the Regiment; which was referred to Marriage with the Princess, they were settled upon the a Committee; before whom the said Colonel promised to-Issue of that Marriage. ' pay the Petitioner; notwithstanding which, he hath

The Execution of the Treaty of Altena stuck, for not yet done it, though he has long since received the some time, at the Performance of this Article; and a Money from his Majesty: And praying Relief in the War was just ready to break out between Sweden and Premises.

Denmark, which would have involved all the neighbour- And the House being informed, That Colonel Collum-ing Iountries, if his Majesty had not prevented it, by en- bine was in Ireland;

5aging the Prince of Denmark to deliver up the said Ordered, That the Lord Cormingsby do acquaint the siand and Baillages, upon his Majesty's Promises, That said Colonel Collumbine with the said Petition; and that, he would take care to see that Debt discharged. in case he do not take care to pay the said Money forth-

This Transaction passed thro' the Hands of the Earl of with, That this House will proceed upon the said Petition.

Nottingham, then Secretary of State; who informed his Majesty, of the great Deference the Prince shewed to A Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Defective whatever his Majesty thought necessary for the public Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions Titles.

Good; and, That he was very willing to rely on the Assu- by the Sea, or other defective Titles, was, according to ranees his Majesty had given him fur his Security; and Order, read a Second time.

accordingly he signed the Instrument for the delivering up Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hughes, the said Places, as soon as required: Whereupon the Lord Coningsby, Mr. England, Mr. Weston, Sir Cha.

Treaty had its full Effect, and the Troubles of the North Shuckborow, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Gxvynn, Sir Fran. were appeased, to the great Advantage of the common Child, Lord Orrery, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Moor,

Alliance, which was very much strengthened by the Troops Mr. Bridges, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rich. of those Princes: But it still remained, to adjust what Copies, Mr. Thursby, Sir Jo. Iloubion, Sir Barth. Shower, was due to the Prince of Denmark; which was referred Mr. Bridges, Mr. Worsley, Sir Dice]). Oglethorp, Mr. to a Negociation at the Hague, that was not concluded Vernon, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Cal-till July 1691. The Agent for the Prince made a Demand throp, Mr. Jervoisc, Sir John Phillips, Sir Chr. Musgrave, of above 400,000 Rixdoliars, as justly due to him; hut Mr. Harley, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Popham, Colonel it was moderated to 340,000 Rixdoliars; amounting to Granvillef Mr. Hayes, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Blofeild;

85,000l. Sterling. and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are

His Majesty had considered, That, this, being an Agree- to meet Tomorrow,* at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, ment made for the publick Good, ought not to be borne in the Speaker s Chambers, by England only; which the States General were likewise

convinced of, and were willing to pay one Fourth Part of Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Incomes and the Sum; and thought the Emperor, and some other House an Account of the Incomes and Issues of the Issues of the

Princes, ought to pay another Fourth Part: But, after the publick Revenues from Michaelmas i6y8, to Michaelmas ^evenue* ready Compliance the Prince of Denmark had shew n, his 1699-

Majesty did not think it proper, That Lie should be left And the Title thereof w*as read, to solicit any Part of his Payment from the States, or Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

those other Princes; but thought lit to take that Part to be perused by the Members of the House,

upon himself. The Account is in a Book by itself.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take the State of the said Debt into Consi- The House was called over, according to Order: Call of tht

deration. -And afterwards, the Names of such as made Default to House.

appear, were again called over; and several of them were The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a excused; some upon Account of Sickness in the Country;

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of a°d others, in Town; and others, upon Account of very the Supply to be granted to his Majesty. extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. -And several were not excused of their Attendance, upon

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee. the Question severally put upon them; viz. Sir Edmund

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Denton Baronet, James Butler Esquire, Henry Manna-

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That ton Esquire, Wm. Harris Esquire, Nathanael Nappier

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them Esquire, Henry Henley Esquire, Tobias Jenkins Esquire,

referred; and had directed him to move, That they may John Aislaby Esquire, Jonathan Jennings Esquire, John have Leave to sit again. Bright Esquire, and John Machell Esquire.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- And the House having before ordered, That such ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Members as did not attend, upon the Call thereof, should House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; his Majesty. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take the And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, said Sir Edmund Denton Baronet, James Buller Esquire,

Eight a Clock. Henry Mannaton Esquire, William Harris Esquire, Na-

thanael Nappier Esquire, Henry Henley Esquire, Tobias . " Jenkins Esquire. John. Aislaby Esquire, Jonathan Jeninngs

Lunte 11° die Decembris; Esquire, John Bright Esquire, and John Machell Esquire,

into his Custody, according to the said Order, for not at-n° Gulielmi Tertii. tending their Service in Parliament.

Prayers.

0^ ^ That the Bill for erecting and establish-

ehtA' ing a Court of Conscience in the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That all Committees b£ revived.

Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

1

A Petition of John Dorrell Gentleman, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner complained to this House the last Session, That Colonel Collumbine would not pay the Petitioner what was due to him for his Service, as an Ensign; in his Regiment, Vox.. 13. -

Hopwood's

Marriage

Settlement.

12° Decembris. A. 1699.

Mart is, 12° die Decembris;

n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Hopuvod Gentleman on Eli-Z'jbdh his Wile; in order to raise Portions for younger Children, and to pay Debts: And the same was received, and read the First time JResokca, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bright, in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from* his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care oderagaii there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster- Gaming. halt, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, or otherwise, thereabouts.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Deficient House an Account of the Deficiencies not already provided for.

And the Title thereof was read.

£ s. d. S io'oooo ——

And the said ACCOUNTisas followeth; viz.

In the Session of Parliament holden on the 22nd of November 1695, several Duties on Low Wines were gi anted for Five Years, from Lady-day 1696, with a Clause of Credit not exceeding 70,000 i at several Rates of Interest; viz. 61, per Cent per Ann. for the First 40,000l.; and 7/. per Cent, per Ann. for the Residue; whereupon there was borrowed at the Exchequer the Sum of 617,959/. 16 s. 6d.; and there hath been repaid of the Principal Money, besides Interest, 39,760/.; and there remains unpaid of the principal Sum 30,199/. 16s. 6 d.: The Term will end at Lady-day 1-01, and then, by Estimation, this Fund will be deficient

In the Session of Parliament holden on the 20th October 1696, several Powers are given to make forth Bills of Credit, commonly called the Exchequer Bills, for 2,700,000 /. with Interest at the Rate of 7 /. 12 s. id. per Cent, per Ann. which Interest is borne only when the said Bills I g

1 hi irk Rrrrinte mid thp. said Hills wprp to hp «ticfipd and ranrpllrrl nnnn spvprnl f

/4°8,099 -

15,400

are not in the publick Receipts, and the said Bills were to be satisfied and cancelled upon several Funds; the Deficiencies w hereof are computed in the Paper hereunto annexed, and do amount, besides Interest due and to grow due upon the Bills yet uncancelled, to the Sum of -

In the same Session a Land Tax of 3$. in the Pound was granted to his Majesty, with a Clause of Credit for 1,500,000l. at 81, per Cent. Interest; which was borrowed, and 1,076,901/. of the Principal is repaid; and the Principal Money besides Interest, unpaid, upon the Register for this Tax, is 423,099/.; towards which the Arrears standing out in the Hands of Receivers or Collectors, who have not accounted, do amount to about 15,000l.; So the Deficiency of this Tax, besides Interest, is ——

In the same Session several Duties were granted upon Paper and Parchment, for Two Years, "1 ended the 1st Day uf March 1698, with a Clause of Credit; whereupon 30,000l. was borrowed I at 8 /. per Cent, to encourage bringing in Plate to be coined: The said Duties have paid off 14,600 /. ? besides Interest; and the Principal Money remaining unsatisfied, at 8/. per Cent, per Ann. is J In the same Session certain duties were imposed on Leather for Three Years, from the 20th ")

April 1697, and appropriated to pay off 564,700l. which had been lent on the Coal Duties I taken away by another Act, and the Interest thereof; upon which Principal Sum there now \a-AAqq remains unsatisfied the Sum of 504,438/.: And the net Produce of the Duties on Leather j 474)45 being about 80,000 /. per Ann. the same may, by the 20th April 1700, with some Arrears, produce about 30,000l. more; And then the Deficiency will be about - - - - -J

Memorandum. It i$ enacted, Page 430. That if the Duties on Leather fall short, the Deficiency shall be made good out of the next Aid to be granted, after the End of the said Three Years.

In the same Session certain Duties w'ere laid upon Malt, Mum, Sweets,

Cyder, and Perry, from the 20th April 1697, to the 20th July 1699; w^h a Powder to borrow by Tallies 200,000l. at 8/. per Cent, per Annum Interest; and to make out such a Number of 10/. Tickets as, together with £. s. d. such Loans as w7ere to be repaid out of the said Duties, might not exceed in the Whole the Sum of 1,400,000l.; by virtue whereof there was borrowed goo,000l.; and the Sum of 17,930/. Part of the said Principal Money, }6io, oooo — was repaid by Money contributed for Tickets; and the Remainder, being 182,070/. with the Interest thereof, was repaid out of the said' Duties; so that there was made forth, in the said . 10/. Tickets, 1,217,930/. bearing Interest at 3/. 16$. 0Id, per Ann. and the Benefits attending them amounted..... 45,810/.; in both, 1,263,740/. whereof the Principal Sum upon the said Ten Pound Tickets paid off to this Day, amounts to Memorandum. 32*021 /. 2 s. 3 d. hath been paid for Interest of that Sum.

And the Benefit Tipkets paid off have amounted to - - - - 22,785

6 5

In botfi

632,785 ——

So there remains unsatis^ed, for Principal upon the said 10/. Tickets, the Sum of - -

And for Interest and, additional Interest thereof, by Estimation

And for Principal upon the Benefits ——

607,930 ——

60,000 ——

*3,025 ——

In all.....690,955 ——

Towards which there is in the Exchequer - - - 9,175 — 2

In the Hands of the Paymaster for the said Tickets - 693 17 10

In the Hands of Collectors of Excise, per Estimation - 51,007 15 8§

In all to be deducted — ----- ----- ----- 60,876 11 84

And then the Deficiency upon the said Tickets, besides the Interest) and the additional In-i 630 078 8 31

terest growing due thereupon, will amount to - J J T

Memorandum,

t

w

I I w. nr.

12* Decein

49

Memorandum, There is a Clause, Page 453* That if the Malt Duties did not produce into the Exchequer, before the 20th of April 98, the Sum of 800,000l. then the Deficiency to make up 800,000l. should be supplied out of the First Aid to be granted after the 20th April 1698; and if the Malt Duties before the 29th of September 1699, with the Money in the mean time to be supplied as aforesaid, should not amount to 1,515,000l. then so much as would make up 1,515,000l. should b£ made good out of the First Aid to be granted after the 29th of September 1699.

In the Session of Parliament holden by Prorogation on the 3d of December 1697, a Quarterly Poll for One Year was granted to his Majesty; and by a Clause of Credit thereupon, the Sum of 500,000l. hath been borrowed at 7/. per Cent, for the First 250,000l. and 8/. per Cent, for the remaining 250,000l.: This Poll, by Estimate* will make about 323,416$. 7a. And then there will be wanting, for Principal, besides Interest

There is due, to complete the Million Lottery Annuity to Michaelmas 1699, the Sum of

In all, the Sum of -

In relation to the Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills.

In the Session of Parliament holden by Prorogation on the 20th Pay-' of October 1696, several subsidies, commonly called the Capitation Duties, were granted to his Majesty for One Year, with Power to issue Bills thereupon for any Sum not exceeding 150,000l.; which Biffs to that Value were made forth and bear Interest at the Rate of 5 d. a Day for every 100l. when they are not in public Receipts: The whole Sum, arisen by the said Subsidies, or Capitation Duties, into the Exchequer to this Time, doth amount to 589,728/. 16$. *2 i d.; and the Principal Money, upon cancelled Bills satisfied out of the same, doth

amount to---....

In the same Session there was granted to his Majesty an Aid of is. in the Pound upon Land, payable in the Year 1697; and a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage for Two Years and Three Quarters ending the First of February 1699; with Power to make forth more Bills for any Sum not exceeding 120,000 /. at the like Interest; which Bills are also issued out, and the Money hitherto risen into the Exchequer, by the said 1 s. in the Pound upon Lund, hath amounted 10417,906/. 115. id.; and by the Subsidy, of Tonage and Poundage, to673>68g/. 95. lid.; out of which Two Sums last mentioned there has been cancelled as many Bills as in Principal Money amount to There was a Credit given on the Aid of 3 s. in the Pound upon'

Land, payable in the Year 1698, for 1,400,000l.; and it was thereby enacted, That, after the Sums therein mentioned should be satisfied or transferred, the Loans for the remaining Part of the said 1,400,000l. might be made in Exchequer Bills, or in Money to buy Bills; and that such Bills should be cancelled; by virtue of which Clause as many Bills have been cancelled as amount in Principal Money to

£ & i

176,530 3 5

92,700 0 0 2,654,791 14 n

& s. 571,441 10 4

> 1,016,669 0 0

> 144,98a o o'

Total of the Principal Money on the Bills cancelled -

i»733»092 10 4

Which Sum, being deducted out of 3,700,000 /. doth give the Remainder, in Principal-)

124

8

Money, of the Bills now standing out; to wit

Towards which there do remain the Particulars following;

Capitation Money now resting in the Exchequer -Arrears standing out upon Capitation Act in the Hands of particular)

Receivers and Collectors, who have not accounted, about - - 3

And on the said 12 din the Pound upon Land, about And there remains in the Exchequer, of the said 12 in the Pound,) at this Day - - -3

The Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, to 1st February next, with,) such Bonds as may then be standing out, may make - - - 3

And the Money remaining in the Exchequer of this Subsidy) amounts to1- - -3

The Remainder, not yet applied, of the Credit upon the Land Tax) ,

Anno 1698, is - - -.....3 5b>74b 18

Total to be deducted ——

5.000 o

5.000 0 3,297 13

d

9i

0

0

-i

£ * d.

966,907 9 8

4,000 o 9,189 2

4i

u

----- ----- ----- -- 119.361 3 3

And then there is, and will be, deficient to clear all the said Bills, besides all Interest now)~r-- —

due, and hereafter to grow due, upon the Bills remaining uncancelled - - - j °47>54b 5

Memorandum. In the Act for 1,500,000 I. Bills there is a Clause, Page 132, That if the Aids or Supplies therein mentioned should be deficient to raise the said 1,500,000l.; such Deficiency should, in the first Place, be made good and supplied, out of any the Monies that should be raised by any Act or Acts of the then next Session of Parliament.

And by another Clause in the Act for the said 1,200,000l. Bills, Page 521, it is enacted, That all the Bills which should not be cancelled by the Produce of the Funds or Supplies therein mentioned, by the 25th of March 1699, should be satisfied, as well by the Arrears of those Funds, as out of the Monies which should arise by any Aids to be granted in the then next Session of Parliament.

Wm.

Vql. 13.

O

Ordered,

5°

12° Decemb

A. 1699.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Avon A Petition of Doctor Robert Woodward, John Pain,

Navigation. an(j Wingfeild Brackn ell, in behalf of themselves, and several others concerned in the Undertaking for making the River Avon navigable, from Christ Church in the County of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the 16th and 17th Car. 2di, and by several Commissions under the Great Seal of England, constituted Commissioners for making the said River navigable, and to receive the Advantages thereby; but the Petitioners meet with great Difficulties in executing the Powers, and recovering the Penalties, in the said Act, by reason of several Defects therein: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Smith, Mr. Jervoise, and Mr Eyre, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Earl of Limerick of the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Irish Forfeitures do give an Account to this House, pursuant to the Act passed the last Session.

King's Ranch A Petition of Jacob Massey, and others, Frenchmen, and Fleet and Merchant Jewellers of the City of Paris, in the Prisons. Kingdom of France, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners intrusted one Feiting, a Dutchman, with 700 Pounds worth of Diamonds, to be wrought and polished; but Feiting ran away with the Diamonds, and the Petitioners got him arrested in London: After which Fcit 'ing turned himself, by Habeas Corpus, to the Fleet; from w hence Mr. Ford, the Warden, let him voluntarily escape beyond Seas, for 20 Guineas, as informed; $0 that, though the Petitioner Massy, by a Writ of Inquiry, hath recovered 310/. Damages, he cannot charge Feiting in Execution: and praying Relief against the Warden of the Fleet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the Journals of the last Session, relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Report be made from the said Committee of any Matters before them, as the same shall be dispatched from time to time.

Richard Nicholas, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House being acquainted, That Mr. Bennet, Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Grants in the said Duchy since' the 27th Day of March last; together with the Petitions on which the same were made.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

10th of October last.

In the Counties of Lincoln, York, Lancaster, Leicestet4* Stafford, Kent, Southampton, Sussex, Dorset.

To John Bennet Esquire, as to Part, for 31 Years in Possession; as to other Part, for so many Years in Reversion, as will make up the present Term now in being 31 Years; the Premises following.

The Rents reserved to the King being the same as formerly reserved for the same.

Three Cottages, and Eleven Acres, in Whit lyes -

Nineteen Acres, Three Roods, ii Claythorp - -

The Site of the Castle of Bullingbrook Thirty-three Acres in Whitten and Friskney ——

The Tolls of Salford -Felons Goods in the County Palatine A common Oven in Leicester The Hay made in Hall Meadow -Two Tenements in Ravenstone -Several Cottages near, and in Leicester Coal-mines in Shulton and Hanley Fines at Sessions in Newcastle -A Garden near Tutbury Castle The Feodary in Rent How Park alias Somborne The Green Wax in Sussex Feodary and Ball, in Dorset, &c.

Army

Arrears.

£ s. d.

I. 11 8

] 0 0

0 10 0

] 17 6

2 6 8

5 0 0

2 0 0

2 4 0

- 0 10 0

6 18 8

- 4 10 6

- 0 13 4

- 0 5 0

0 13 io£

30 0 0

2 0 0

- 1 0 0

fr4 I ol -

24th March 1698.

In the Counties of Hei'tford, Essex, Middlesex, and Sussex.

To John Warner and John Hasell, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for Charles Earl of Dorset, and his Heirs, the Premises following:

Several Fee-farm Rents; viz.

A Petition of John Armstrong, and others, in behalf of themselves, and others, reduced out of the Honourable Brigadier Langstons Regiment of Horse since the happy Conclusion of the Peace, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, upon the said Reducement, were intitled to their Horses, or the Value of them, by virtue of his Majesty's Order; but their Officers have kept them, without any Consideration; although many of the Petitioners brought their own Horses into the Service: That their Officers have also stopped 10 or 11 /. a Man, per Ann. out of their Subsistence during the Wars; and notwithstanding a late Act of Parliament to compel the Officers to account with their Soldiers, they will not give the Petitioners any Account: And praying some further Relief in the Premises; Brigadier Langston, and his Officers, being in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Hartingfordbury Woods

Pleshie Park -

Free Chapel of Dunmow

ClarretHall Mill -

Parcel of the Demesnes of Endfeild

Rape of Pevensey -

£. s. d.

- 3 4 3*

- 6 13 4 -368

- 2 00

- 3 00

- o 13 4

Total 18 17 7i

Nothing of these remains to the King.

24 March 1698.

In the County of Essex, to the Earl of Dorset, his Heirs and Assigns;

The Fee-farm Rent of the Manor of 7 q

High Easter - - - - . j 9*

Whereof nothing remains to the King.

These Two Grants, to the Earl of Dorset, were not in-r rolled before me till the 23d of September and 23d of November last; and therefore were not inserted in my former Account to this Honourable House.

This,

Grants from the Crown.

11W. III. I

5*

This, pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 7 th December instant, is humbly presented,

per Jo. Bennett, Auditor1.

The said Petition; viz.

To the Right Honourable the Earl of Stamford, Chan^-cellor of his Majesty's Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, and One of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council;

The humble Petition of John Bennett Esquire,

Humbly sheweth,

That there are several Cottages, and small Parcels of land, and other Premises, under small Rents, in several Counties, within the said Duchy and County Palatine, which have been out of Lease for some time; and being of small Value, nobody will be at the Charge of passing Leases thereof; by Reason of the double Stamp, and other Charges in passing thereof; and if some Care be not taken to let the same in time, those Rents may be lost, and the Premises concealed, to his Majesty's Loss and Damage thereby: To prevent which, And for that your Petitioner hath served his Majesty, and his Predecessors, near Twenty Years, in the said Duchy, and never had any Grant or Reward for his Services; Your Petitioner humbly begs your Lordship's Favour to grant him a Lease of the Premises, contained in a Paper hereunto annexed; Part whereof, being Reversions, though of small Value, yet together may compensate the Charges of passing the Lease of them with the others, and oblige your Petitioner,

Jo. Bennett.

An Account of what is desired by Mr. Bennett's Petition to be leased to him.

In the County of York: 3 Cottages,}

£. s. d.

2118

and 11 Acres of Land in Whitley, for 31 f Years, at the present Rent reserved to the C

King....

This has been out of Lease for some time; and nobody would be at the Charge of passing a Lease thereof, to have it; being ofso inconsiderable Value.

In the County of Lincolne: 19 Acres} a half, and one Rood of plowed Land in > 100

Claylhorpt, for 81 Years, at - -

Improved Rent 1 /. 1Q$.

This likewise has been out of Lease for some Time; and no one would be at the Charge of passing a Lease of it; being of so inconsiderable Value.

Lincolne: The Site of the Castle of Bol- Rngbrook, for 31 Years, at -j

No one would ever take a Lease of it, it is of so little Value; and it is claimed by Queen Dowager, as Part of her Jointure; and he that now is in Possession, and his Father before him, have rented it at 10$. per Annum for above 30 Years past.

Lincolne: Four Dales, containing 30T Acres in Whitten, and Three Acres in I lYiskney which often lie under Water,) 1 17 6

and may be so at this time, for 311

0100

This hath been out of Lease for some time; and, I fear, under Water; no Profit made thereof; no Rent paid for many Years; nor can I hear, where those Dales are, nor in whose Possession.

Lancaster: The Tolls of Fairs and Mar-") 5 g

kets in Salford, for 31 Years, at - -j There is no Market, but Two Fairs; and little now brought to the Fairs; but most Things are disposed of in Man*

Chester, which adjoins to Salford; and by reason thereof, and the Charge of Vol. 13.

Stalls, and collecting the Tolls, no Rent ha9 been paid for some Years. Lane.: Felons Goods in the Coun-") ty Palatine for 15 Years, after 16 ( Years at the present Rent reserved to the(

This is very uncertain, being Accidentals; and some Years will not answer the Rent; other Years make up the Defect of preceding Years, with some Over* plus; but always uncertain.

Leicester: A common Oven, for 29 Years, after 3 Years, at Improved Rent, 21.

Leicester: The Hay made of the Grass! in the Meadow called Hall Meadow, for> 31 Years, at - - - -)

The Charge of making the Hay, the King's Rent and the Fees to Stewards, Auditors, Receivers, and other Expences charged thereupon at the Audit; it being, beyond the Memory of Man, reserved for the Steward, Auditors, and Receivers Horses at the Audit; and this Lease taken, as others were for the same Uses.

Leicester: Tw o Tenements, one Rmen-,) stone, and the other in Leicester, for 28> Years, after 3 Years, at - -

Improved Rent, 1 /. 1 os. Leicester: Several Cottages in and near! Leicester for 15 Years, after 16 Years,

at.....)

Improved Rent, 4/.

These are very much out of Repair, and poor People.

Staffordshire: Coal Mines in Shulton and Hanley, in the Manor of Newcastle under Lyne, for 12 Years and after 1 Years, at -

Improvements uncertain.

The Value of these are very uncertain, being more or less as they are worked, and the Stock and Charge of working thdm great; and none will take them to work them without considerable Profit to themselves; and the Rent to the King is increased double what they were formerly lett for; so that the^ will be but of little Value to the King's Farmer; and the present Tenant complains, That his Father was ruined by the Working thereof; and, besides, the Queen Dowager lays some Claim, as to Part thereof.

Staff.: Fines and Amerciaments at the! Sessions in Newcastle wider Line, for 27^ Years, after Years, at - - -J

They are of little or no Value, scarce worth the Rent.

Staff.: A Garden near the Castle o Tutbery, for 31 Years, at -This is claimed to be within Sir Edward Smith's Grant of the Castle, Ditches, 8$c.\ and, if it be, he will not pass by the Lease.

Kent: The Office of Feodar, 8yc. there,! for 31 Years, at - /j

Improvement, 1 /. 10£.

The Charge of keeping this Court is as much as this is w'orth.

Southampton: Somborne Park, for 8 Years and a half, after 22 Years and a half, at -

Improvement, 50/.

There is another Lease in being, not inrolled, for Seven Years and

3

though

l d.

00

2 0 0

240

o lo 0

6 18 8

4106

o 13 4

050

0 13 10

30 0 0

half;

Grants front the Crown*

King s Share of Prizes.

Blackwell-hall Cloth Market.

Exporting

Wool.

Debt due t Prince of Denmark.

Decembris. . 1699.

Mercurii, 13° die Decembris;

110 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers. '

AP E TITIO N of the Master, W ardens, and Assist- importing ants, of the Company of Weavers in the City of Silks. Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners sole Trade depended on the Manufacturing of wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with Wool; of which there is so great a Decay, by the vast Importations, and Home Consumption of India w rought Silks and Stuffs, that it has reduced great Numbers of the English Manufacturers to the greatest Extremity; and almost ruined the said Trade: And praying, That the Home Consumption, if not a Prohibition of Importation, of the said foreign wrought Silks and Stuffs, may be prevented.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England\

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Stale of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller, in Custody of the Serjeant A Meml at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, rom 18 paying his Fees.

A Petition of James Brogan, and others, in behalf of Army themselves, and others, reduced out of the Regiment of Arrears, the Inniskillen Regiment Dragoons, commanded by the . Honourable Colonel Charles Rose, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That contrary to his Majesty's Orders, upon their Reducement, their Officers have detained their Horses, and also about 5/. per Man per Annum out of the Petitioners Subsistence for Years last, and never have accounted for Off-reckonings since the War; and, by Combination, refuse to give the Petitioners any Account, notwithstanding a late Act to oblige them thereto: And praying the further..... of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same, w'ith their Opinion therein, to the House.

54 I4° — 13°

half; so that then it is but for One

Year after 30 Years.

Sussex: The Green Wax within the} £. s. d. Duchy of Lancaster in that County, for> 200 15 Years, after 16, at - -

There hath been no Profit made thereof,

nor the Rent paid to the King, for Ten

Years past.

Dorsett and Wilts: Feodar and Ball.} 100 in the said Counties, for 15 Years, after

16, at....

There hath been no Profit made thereof, nor Rent paid to the King, for Ten Years past.

Jo. Bennett

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the King's Share of all the Prizes taken during the War; and how the same have been disposed of.

A Bill for the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; w^as, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Weavers of the Borough of Nezvberry in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, -and read; setting forth, That, since the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, so great Stocks of Cloth remain upon the Petitioners Hands, that they are not able to employ their numerous W'ork-people; who are thereby reduced to very great Hardships: That by the many Advantages foreign Woollen Manufactures have, in the easy Price of Oil, Soap, and Dying-stuff, which adds to their cheap Workmanship, our Cloathing Trade is in Danger of being transplanted: And praying, That the Decay of our Woollen Trade maybe taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be some way relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider what has been done upon former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the State of the Debt due to the Prince of Denmark.

And the said State was again read.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said State of the Debt due to the Prince of Denmark be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, w ho are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to direct, That a Copy of the Treaty of Altena, between the King of Denmark and Duke of Holstein, and all other Matters relating to the Debt due to the Prince of Denmark, may be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

A Petition of Henry Boy sett, and several others, in be- Ditto, half of themselves, and a great many more disbanded and reduced Soldiers, or otherwise discharged, both Horse and Foot, who faithfully served his Majesty in the late Wars, and in the particular Regiments therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, when the Petitioners were severally discharged the Service, they demanded an Account of their Arrears, and the Horsemen their Horses, or Satisfaction, according to his Majesty's Orders; but, instead thereof, many were stript of their Cloaths, turned out without their Horse9, or any Account, and without a Farthing Subsistence to carry them home; and others forced by Threats and Punishments, to give Discharges in full for Subsistence, though they had not received it; and now after the Fatigue of a long War, not having wherewith to recover their Rights against their Officers by Law, they and their Families are in a starving Condition: And praying the House to take some speedy Course, That the Petitioners Officers may make up their Accounts, and pay what is justly due thereupon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care, That the Soldiers be at no Charge, either to Solicitors, or otherwise, in relation to their petitioning, and attending this House.

Ordered,

m

An^5-

Itstoring

fiiikmss

bate.

ft*

Wigation.

ii W. III. 13 9 Decembris.gj

Ordered, That it be also an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do, in the first Place, consider of, and repbrt to the House, what they conceive fit to be done for the Relief of the Soldiers in general.

A Petition of Captain Martin Lay cock, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having spent his Blood, and Substance, in curing his Wounds, in the Service of this Government, and undergone as great Hardships as Fire, Water, Famine, Sword, and Imprisonment, can inflict; yet he has received no Recompence for it, though he had Two Orders for that Purpose, and an Order of the Treasury for 100l. per Annum Pension; nor so much as Half-pay, though in Service the 10th of September 1607, because his Name uas not upon the Muster-roll, and voted upon Half-pay by this House the 18th of April last; nor 668 /. 14 s. 81 d. stated by the late Commissioners for publick Accounts to be due to the Petitioner, before he went last into Flanders; nor 400l. due to* him as Executor to his Uncle Captain Beilby, for his Service in the Lord Douglass Regiment, though his said Uncles Burial cost 60/. by his Direction; by all which means, the Petitioner is run above 300l. in Debt, and his Family now in want of all Necessaries for this Life: And praying the House to grant him such speedy Redress in the Premises, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that they do particularly examine the Matter thereof'; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House, with all convenient Speed.

A Petition of Sir Henry Fitzharris Baronet, Grandson and Heir of Sir Edxcard Fitzharris Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Acts of Settlement of Irish Forfeitures there are several Provisions for the Restitution ofinnocent Protestants and Papists to their Estates; and the Petitioners Grandfather did clear his innocency; yet neither he, tior the Petitioner, were restored to the Estate of their Family; for which Reason the Petitioner did petition the last Par-Lament here, for Leave to bring in a Bill for restoring him to his paternal Estate, and to make Provision for his Mother and Sister; which was referred to a Committee; who reported, That the Petitioner had just Right and Title to be restored; but the House then having weighty Affairs before them, the Session ended before the House came to any Resolution thereupon: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for restoring him to his paternal Estate, and making Provision for his Mother and Sister

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House, with their Opinion, Whether they conceive it fit that a Bill should be brought in, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

And it is referred to Sir John Packinton, Mr. Barnardiston, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hamond, Sir Joh?i Phillips, Mr. Ilaycs, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Gwymi, Mr. Herne, Mr. Mounst evens, Sir Cha. Hind-ham, Sir Willohy Hickman, Sir IVm. Corvper, Mr. Palmes, Sir Owen Buckingham, Colonel Lee, Mr. England\ Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Sir Jim. Drake, Mr. Proby, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Paget, Mr. Milbank, Mr. Harvy, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Abstrup. Danby, Sir Tho. Grosvesnor, Mr. Clark: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Bill to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Jtkyll, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Tho. Grosvesnor, Mr Guy, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mounstevcns, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir Henry Goff) Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mostyn, Sir William Glynn, Sir John Camay,' Sir Geo. Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Ojjley, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Perry; and all the Members that VoL. 13.

serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Chester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Grants from House an Account of all Grants made since the 18th Day the Crowu* of March last, together with the Petitions and Papers upon which the same were granted; and also an Account, as far as it hath come to his Knowledge, of the Names of the cestuique Trusts.

And the Title of the Account was read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

An Account of Grants made 'since the 18th March 1698.

March 1698. A Lease unto John Poztmcy Esquire, in Consideration of the Sutn of Eighty Pounds paid into the Exchequer, to purchase Lands for his Majesty's Park at Windsor, and of a Conveyance from the said John Potency to the King of several Parcels of Land to be laid into his Majesty's said Park, of the several Farms and Lands called the Site of the Manor of Old and New Windsoi\ in the County of Berks, and Miistians Farm at Eaton, in the County of Bucks, to hold for 99 Years from the Date, concurrent with $uch Term or Terms as are in being in the Premises, or any Part thereof; reserving the Rents of 6$. 8 d. and 8$. 4d. per Annum; with a Clause for discharging the Lessee from the Rent of 8/. 6s. 8d. and 3/. iSs. 4d. per Annum, reserved and payable by the Leases in being, of the Premises, wherein several long Terms are yet to come; and also a Grant of the yearly Rent of 16/. 13s. 4d. ^payable out of the Rectory of Old and New Windsor; to hold to the said John Poxvncy, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

Upon a Surrender made to his Majesty by Wm. Van Hulse Esquire, of the Grant to him of the Office of Post, or Carrier of all his Majesty's Letters and Dispatches between the Court or Palace of Residence, and the First Post Stage, or Post Office, of the Postmaster General, with the usual Allowance of 105. a Day; his Majesty grants the said Office to the said William Van Hulse, during his Life, with an Allowance of 20 s. a Day, payable quarterly from Christmas last 1G98, by the Postmaster General, who is thereby authorized to pay, unto the said IVm. Van Hulse, so much as will make up his Allowance, by the said former Grant, 20$. a Day, from Michaelmas 1697, to Christmas last aforesaid.

Upon a Surrender made by Peter Guenon de Beaubis-son, who is Keeper of his Majesty's private Armoury,

Bows, and Setting Dogs, of all Salaries any ways payable to him at the Exchequer and on the Establishment of the Houshold, and all Arrears thereof, to Christmas 1697; his Majesty, by Privy Seal, directs Payment to be made to him, at the Exchequer, of the Sum of 380/. per Annum from Christmas 1697, in lieu of all other Salaries or Allowances in respect of those Offices, except a Salary of 50/. per Annum, in the Office of the Ordnance, and Bills of Riding Charges, payable in the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office; to be paid to the said Beaubuisson during his Continuance in the said Offices or Employments.

April 1699. A privy Seal, to pay William Brockett Esquire, the Annuity or Pension of 400?. per Annum, out of the Revenues arising by the General Letter Office, or Post Office, from Michaelmas 98; during his Majesty s Pleasure.

A Grant to John Mitchell Esquire, and his Heirs for ever, of Three Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, lying in Old Windsor in the County of Berks, sometime in the Tenure of John Martin, and now in Lease to William Guynn and John Loving Esquires, at the yearly Rent of 10/.: And all that Alcssuage or Alunsion-house called IValiens Mease, in Old Windsor aforesaid, with an Orchard thereunto adjoining, lately demised to the said John Mitchell, at the yearly Rent of 4 /.; And also of the said yearly Rents ot 10?. and 41. per Annum, reserved; habendum in Fee, rendering to his Majesty the Rent of 13 s. 4d. per Annum for the Three Tenements in Old Windsor, and 10 s. for Walton's Mease:

P Which

Grants from the Crown.

54

Which Grant was to pass in Consideration of 2.50 /. paid into the Exchequer, for purchasing Lands for the King's Park, and conveying to his Majesty, in Fee, a Piece or Parcel of Land, containing, by Estimation, Seven Acres, with a Headland thereunto adjoining, the Whole commonly reputed Ten Acres, in Mill-Held, or Mill-Mead; and other Lands of the said Mitchell's in the Parish of New Windsor, for Enlargement of the said Park.

A Privy Seal, for discharging Sir John Rogers, of Plymouth, Baronet, from 1,095/. payable in respect of the Dignity of a Baronet.

The like for Sir Thomas Tipping.

May. A Grant to Richard Topham Esquire, and his Heirs for ever, of several Lands in or near Windsor, under the Rents of 5 s. per Annum, and 5$. 4 d. per Annum, and 3s. 4d. per Annum; in Consideration of other Lands by him conveyed to his Majesty, and laid into his Majesty's Park; and of a Fine of 186/. paid into the Exchequer, for purchasing Lands for the said Park.

A Privy Seal, for granting unto George Moult Gentleman, a certain Parcel of Paper, which was seized and forfeited to his Majesty, and appraised at 728/. 15s. id.

I take it, that This was in Trust for Colonel Stanley.

A Grant to George Booth Esquire, for 600l. a Year, for 21 Years, from Lady-day last, out of the Tenths of the Clergy, arising within the Diocese of Yotk, upon Surrender of former Letters Patents, of the like Annuity, granted for Seven Years from Christmas 1696.

A Grant unto the Bishop of Chichester of 136 /. 10$. S d. to discharge Arrears of Tenths due for the Vicarage of Rye for 32 Years past.

A Grant unto Isaac Manley of 600l. out of the Post-Office, by 50/. a Quarter, from Lady-day 1699.

A Warrant for granting unto John Gibson 109/. 5 s. being the Value of Goods seized by the Sheriff of York, which belonged to Simon Warner, who stands outlawed for a Debt at the Suit of the said John Gibson.

June. A Grant unto James Earl of Castlehaven of a Pension of 300 Z. per Annum, payable at the Receipt of Exchequer from Lady-day 1699, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Warrant to the Commissioners of Prizes to pay unto Captain Michael Lang, a Dane, the Sum of 3,000 /. in Reward for his Services, Losses, and Charges, in giving Information for seizing the late pretended Swedish Fleet, that carried on, during the late War, an illegal Trade between this Kingdom and France

A like Warrant to pay unto Captain John Mitchell for seizing and condemning the said Ships.

A Privy Seal, for discharging the Bishop of Worcester from the Sum of 944/. 17 s. gd. payable to his Majesty, for the First fruits of the said Bishoprick.

July. A Privy Seal, for discharging Sir Edmund T)en-ton Baronet, of the Sum of 1,095 /. payable in respect of that Dignity.

August. A Lease to the Inhabitants of St. Mdrtifi % and St. James's, of a Passage through Part of the Wilderness into St. James's Park, for 99 Years, at the Rent of 6 a*. 8 d. per Annum.

A Privy Seal, for granting unto the Bishop of Oxford, for the Time being, an Annuity of 100l. per Annum from Lady-day 1699, during his Majesty's Pleasure, for Instructing young Students in' the modern Arabick and Turkish Languages; and to be by him paid over; to wit, To Dr. Hide 20/. per Annum, Mr. Willis 40/. per Annum, and Mr. Marshall'401, per Annum.

September. A Lease unto Charles Bertie Esquire, of the Manors of East and West Deeping, in the County of Lincolnc, for 48 Years, from Michaelmas 1648, at the ancient Rent of 4/. 1 s. 3I d. per Annum, upon Payment of a Fine of 150/.

A Grant unto Nathanael Brand and James Pember, and their Heirs for ever, at the Nomination of Sir John Morden, in Consideration of the Sum of 2,000 /. paid

A. 1699.

into the Exchequer to purchase Lands for Windsor Park, of the Manor of Old Court, and other Lands, in Kent; and Sedgwick Park, and other Lands, in Sussex; reserv- ing the Fee-farm Rents, of 61. 13 s. 4 d. per Annum for Old Court, and $s. 5 d. for Sedgwick Park; to commence from the Death of the Queen Dowager, in whose Jointure the Premises are.

A Discharge unto James Isaacson Esquire, Assignee of a Patent granted by King Charles the First unto Win* Caverly Esquire, and his. Heirs, of several Marsh Lands, Mines, &c, in the Gounties of Denbigh, &c. of an Arrear of Rent of 10/. per Annum, from Lady-day 1G60, to Michaelmas 1698, amounting to 375/.; with Direction to put the Rent in Charge for the future.

November. A Warrant for passing a Lease to the Lord Shcrrard of an Acre and an half of Ground, formerly Part of Windmill Fields, Parcel of the-Bailiwick of Westminster, on which are several Houses, for the Term of 99 Years in Reversion of the Term in being; upon Payment of a Fine of 1,200 /.; reserving the former Rent of 6 s. 8 d. per Annum.

A Warrant for a Particular, in order to a Grant of Under-Ore Farm, near Windsor, to Richard Topham Esquire, and his Heirs, upon Payment of a Fine of 104/* to be employed in purchasing Lands for Windsor Park; and in Consideration of a Reversion in Fee of Part of the said Park to be conveyed to his Majesty.

A Warrant for a Particular of an Acre, Two Roods, and 25 Perches of Ground, lying near Greenwich Hospital, to be granted for the Use of the said Hospital.

A Warrant for granting unto Henry Washington-Esqufre, and his Heirs, upon Payment of a Fine of 350/. into the Exchequer, to be employed for enlarging Windsor Park, of a Tenement, Ten Cottages, and several Parcels of Land, in or near the Parish of Cookham, in thfe County of Berks; reserving the Fee-farm Rents of 2 s. 6d. and 11 s. yearly.

A Lease unto Richard Cull of the Manors of Rosedate, in the County of York, and of Barton Barrow, Gouxhill, Hoggsthorpe and Cropland, in the County of Lincolne, to hold for the Term of 99 Years from the Death of the Queen Dowager, at the yearly Rent of 13 s. 4 d. which are valued to amount to 512/. 15 s. 8 d. per Annum from the Death of the Queen Dowager, during the Continuance of such Terms as are now in being, or as she and her Trustees have Power to grant; after the Determination whereof, the full and improved Value of the Premises' are computed at 2,964/. 16 s. 10 d. per Annum.

I take this to be in Trust for the Earl of Jersey.

A Grant unto Samuel Scroop How Esquire, of the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest or Chace of Aliceholt and Woolmer, in the County of Southampton, to hold for the Tenn of 45 Years from the Expiration of a Grant made to William Hgg Esquire, deceased, for the like Term of 45 Years; with a Direction to the surviving Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, to assign a Rent of 32/. 2^. 11 d. which hath been hitherto paid to the Keepers of the said Forest, to such Person or Persons as they should think fit, in Trust for the Grantee, during the said Term; and afterwards in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

December. A Warrant for passing a Lease unto John Evelyn senior, Esquire, of several Lands in or near Deptford, in ICent, for the Term of 99 Years, concurrent with the Terms in being; reserving the former Rents payable out of the Premises; and upon payment of a Fine of 152 /. 10s. into the Receipt of Exchequer, being one Moiety of the esteemed Value of the said Grant, the other Moiety being remitted as of his Majesty's Grace and Favour, in Consideration of a great Arrear due to him from the Crown.

A Grant unto Thomas Smith Gentleman, and his Heirs, of Buckholt Wood, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts; in Consideration of a Fine of 1,200l. to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, which is to be disposed for Enlarging of Windsor Park.

Abstract

130 Decembris.

I W. III.

13° Decembris.

55

Abstract of Letters signed by his Majesty, and directed tQ the Lords Justices of Ireland\ importing Grants to be made in that Kingdom; from the 18th of March 1698.

May 1699. For a Grant unto Count Dona Ferassiers, who married the Lady Ellen Colvill, of her Jointure by her First Husband, which was supposed to be forfeited to his Majesty by his being an Alien.

For a Grant unto Mrs. Gravemore, Widow of the late Lieutenant General Gravemore, and her Heirs, of several forfeited Lands, in a Schedule annexed to his Majesty's Letter, of the clear yearly Value of 1,05 11. 6 s. 3 f d.; except the Estate of Sir Neal O Neal, valued at 200/, per Ann.

For paying unto Colonel Nicholas Purcell the Sum of 3,000l. and Interest, out of the forfeited Estate of the late Lord Kemnare, after Payment of 1,000l. per Ann. to the Lord Bdlomont, and 400l. per Ann. to the Lady Ken-ware, and the Arrears thereof, being the Marriage Portion he was to receive with his Wife Elissa, One of the Daughters of the said Lord Kenmare.

A Grant unto the Earl of Ranelagh of a Pension of 300l. per Annum payable out of the Revenue of Ireland\ for 21 Years from Lady-day 1699; being the Continue ance of a Pension formerly granted to Adam Loftus and Lemuel Kingdmc, since deceased, in Trust for the said Earl, as Part of the Consideration for his surrendering the Office of Vice Treasurer of Ireland'.

For a Grant unto Philip Harman, and his Heirs, of forfeited Lands, late in Cusiodiam to the Earl of Montroth, estimated to be of the clear yearly Value of 984/. 14s.

Hi

For a Grant unto such Person or Persons as should be nominated by Colonel John Bourk, commonly called Lord Boffin, of the Estate by him forfeited in Ireland.

For a Grant unto Thomas Ash of his Majesty's Title to a Reversion of the Manor of Moon, in the County of Kildare, by reason of the Attainder of James Dempsey.

For a Grant and Release unto Joost Earl of Albemarle of 404/. 17/. 10 id. per Ann. Part of the yearly Quit Rent of 458/. 17s. oid. reserved on a Grant lately made to him of the Estate formerly belonging to the late Lord Viscount Clare; and 54/. 4s. 11 d. per Ann. Part of 54/. 9s. 11 d. per Ann. reserved on a Grant lately made to him of the Estate which belonged to Redmond and Hugh Mnllady; the Remainder of the said yearly Sums being the Quit Rents which were payable by the forfeiting Persons.

For a Discharge unto Eliz. Aldxvorth, Widow of Boyle Akkcorth, from an Arrear of Crown Rent amounting to 769 /. 1 s. 6 d.

Admiralty Office,

11th December 1699.

Due on Bills in the Second Book; namely, Pursers Balance Bills, and for Extra-necessary > Money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons, Free Gift, &c. occurred before this Reign - - 3

Wear and Tear:

Due on Bills on the present Register, for Stores of all Sorts, Workmanship, Freight of T hired Ships and Vessels, Disbursements on this Head, Salaries, Pensions, Transportation 1 of Stores, Imprests, Bills of Exchange, &c. and for Masts, Planks, Pitch, Tar, S Timber, and other Stores now delivering; Freight of hired Ships and Vessels, and other f Services, for which no Bills are yet made out; and the Debt of the Out Ports; the Sum of J

For Wages to his Majesty's Yards and Ordinaries -

Seamens Wages:

Due on the Bills in the present Register for Flag-pays, Disbursements, Bounty toT Widows and Orphans, Pilotage, Surgeons, Free Gift, and other Services proper to this > Head.....-.....)

For a Grant unto William Shee of a Farm he holds Grants from under the Duke of Ormond\ of 26 /. per Ann. above the lhe Crowl1-Rent.

For a Grant unto Charles Decring Esquire, for Seven Years, of several forfeited Lands of the clear yearly Value of 177 /. 5 s.; in Consideration of the Services and Sufferings of his Family.

For a Grant to the Duke of Bolt&n, and Lord G alive ay, of 1,500l. each, as of his Majesty's Bounty; in Consideration of the extraordinary Charges they were obliged to, by a Progress made through most Parts of the Kingdom of Ireland.

For a Grant unto Francis De la Rue, and his Heirs, of several forfeited Lands, in a Schedule annexed to his Majesty's Warrant, amounting to the clear yearly Value of 393 I- 7 s- 3 id.

November 1699. For a Grant unto James Roach of several forfeited Lands, in a Schedule annexed to his Majesty's Warrant, amounting to the clear yearly Value of 95/. 14 s. 4 d.

All which, pursuant to an Order of this Honourable House, made the 7th Instant, are humbly presented by

13 December 1699. Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account, Petitions, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Sheermen, Weavers, and Woollen many others employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Manufacture, and about the Town of Tamzvurth, in the County of Warwick and Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the Decay of the Cloathing Trade since the Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Bone-lace: And praying, That some effectual Care may be taken to prevent the farther Decay of the Cloathing Trade, and the Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to examine w hat has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for the encouraging the Woollen Manufacture; and to report to the House their Opinion of what may be further necessary to be done.

Sir George Rook, according to Order, presented to the Navy EstU House an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as "ate' &c-it stood the 30th of November 1699.

And the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

- - - 40,000

c

237,2447

-365,084

Due to his Majesty's Ships^d directed tobe Paid off;

For Recalls of those paid off whose Books are not yet cleared; calculated from Ships Books, by casting each Man s Wages remaining unpaid thereon, as also what hi Arrear on the Books made up -

Victualling:

For the Service of Victualling his Majesty's Navy, according to an Account from the Commissioners thereof, over and above the Tallies signified by them to be ingin the late Treasurer of the Navy's Hands, applicable to this Head; the Suiri of the saidi remains^-

127,840

7,9877

350,222V 192,391f

312,908.

363.508

received remain->

118,88.4

Due

5<5

13° — -i 40 D.

A. 1699.

Due to the Flag Officers, Commanders, Lieutenants, and Masters, who have served hisY Majesty in his Fleet at Sea in the late War; pursuant to his Majesty's Order in Council of^ the 22(1 of February 1693; according to the best Calculation that can at present be madet thereof; the Sum of - - - - j

Sic ffounded: For the Service of the Sick and Wounded, as by an Account received from the late} Commissioners thereof, to the 30th June 1698; being the time their Commission is said to> have ceased ——

Since the 1st of July 1698, when that Business was transferred to the Register Office

Register

Office:

61,102]

990J

*5,67°

62,092

64,796

Total ....

Memorandum: The Debt of the Marine Regiments, for Service on Shore, is not included in this Estimate, being not yet known.

J. Bridgxcater,

By Command of their Lordships, Haxcrsham,

J. Burchett. G. Rooke,

D. Mitchell,

Geo. Churchill.

1,520,034

Leave of Absence.

Motion for removing Bishop of Sarum.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith, Burgess for Southampton, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill; and upon other extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That no Leave be asked for any Member to go into the Country, but after Twelve a Clock.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That aii humble Address be made to his Majesty i'or removing Gilbert Lord Bishop of Sanim from being Preceptor to his Highness the Duke of;

The House divided.

The Yeas go fortl).

Teller, for the Yeae,^'

Teller, for the Noes,$rr;

So it passed in the Negative.

4

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Boroughs of St. Ives and Forty, in the County of Corn-rra!l; and for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex*; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Rcsolxed,- That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow

} 133. j 173-

St. Ives, vAc. Elections.

Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Exporting

Wool.

JoviSj 14° die Decembris.

110 Gulielmi Tertii.

P a A Y E RS.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament, i° Gulielmi ct Maries, for putting the Laws in Execution for preventing the Exportation of Wool, did undertake the Management thereof, great Quantities of \v ool have been hindered from Transportation by the Diligence of the Commissioners Officers; but there being no Fund for discharging their Expence, the Commissioners are disabled from proceeding in the said Work; which, if a Fund were provided, would effectually stop the Exportation of Wool, to the great Advancement of the Woollen Manufactory Trade: And praying the House to raise a l and, by a Tax upon the Woollen Manufactures, or otherwise, as shall be thought fit, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to examine what has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture; and to report to the House their Opinion, what may be further necessary to be done.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Expmtii Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of JVakefcild, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That for many Years past little Care has been taken to prevent the Exportation of Wool, till, of late, the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for that Purpose deputed several Officers; whose Diligence therein, for above 15 Months past, has greatly, and was further like to put a Stop to that pernicious Practice to the Woollen Manufactures; but, for want of a Fund for defraying the Charges necessary for so good a Work, the Commissioners are disabled from further proceeding in their said Trust, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Kingdom in general: And praying. That some Provision may be made for the encouraging the Agents employed in the said Undertaking, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to examine what has been done upon former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture; and to report to the House their Opinion, what may be farther necessary to be done.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Ditto. Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of Hall!fax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That for want of putting the former Law's in Execution to prevent the Exportation of Wool, they have remained ineffectual, until the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for that Purpose \° Gidielmi ct Maries, by appointing several Officers, put a great Stop to that evil Practice; but, in regard no Fund was provided for defraying the Charges, and rew arding the Officers employed in so great a Work, the Commissioners are discouraged and disabled from proceeding the rein; who, if a Fund was raised, the Pethionors conceive would effectually put

a Stop

I I W. III. 14 0 Decembris. 57

a Stop to the Exportation of Wool in a short time: And praying, That a l;und may be raised upon the Woollen Manufactures, or otherwise, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee who are to examine what has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool, and for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture; and to report to the House their Opinion, what may be further necessary to be done.

An Dy A Petition of Henry Taylor, and others, late Serjeant9 Ant*- in the Honourable Colonel Collumbine's Regiment of Foot,

in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have served in the late War all along till the Act for disbanding; and there are great Arrears due to them, which their Officers refuse to pay, or to give them any Account, saying the y will withstand a Tryal at Law; well knowing the Petitioners Inability, who are in great Want, and ready to starve: And praying some speedy Relief from the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Greenwood, in behalf of Mary his Wife, Executrix of Captain Win. CompUshon, late of the Honourable Colonel John Beaumont's^.Regiment of Foot, was presented to the House, an^ read; setting forth, That the said Compleshon did, out of fiik own Monies, as well as the rest of the Captains of ffit said Regiment, several times subsist his Company in Ireland, when no Mopey was issued by the Government; which, since, has, in great measure, been paid to Colonel Beaumont's Hands; who hath accounted with the Captains now living for the same; but refuseth to account with the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Aislaby, in Custody of the Ser-

ktoged jeantat Arms attending this House, for absenting himself baCnsiody. froin

in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Dan. Ordered, That Mr. Jennings, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

jug Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the say. more effectual Suppressing of Pirates: And that Sir Charles Hedges and Mr. Brca er do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

tyskuch Mr. Carter reported from the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House, for the last Session, what was done upon the Petition of John Goodall, and other Petitions relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet, and report the same to the House, That they had inspected the Journals accordingly, and collected thereout what had been done upon the said Petitions, and the Resolutions of the Committee, and afterwards of the House, thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, on the Fourth Day of May last, Mr. Offley reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Vol, 13.

John Goodall, and the several Petitions of Mr. Lascoe'

Sir William Duncombe, Mr. Killigrav, Eleanor Smith John Praed, Thomas Hammersly, and Henry Caldecot, and Mr. Glover; were referred; and who were to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet; the Matter as it appeared to the: said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That, upon the Petition of the said John Goodall, the Matter appeared as followeth:

Mr. Richard Day said, That, by Direction of Mr, Goodall, he caused John Kelson to be arrested in an Action for 2,800l.; who by Habeas Corpus removed himself to the Fleet Prison, where he was actually a Prisoner: That afterwards a Statute of Bankrupt issued against the said John Kelscn; and he was adjudged a Bankrupt by the Commissioners, Mr. Goodall the Petitioner having proved the said Debt before them; and Three of the said Commissioners, whereof the Informant was One, went to the Fleet, in order to examine the said Kelson, upon Oath, for a Discovery of his Estate; but, though he appeared before them, he obstinately refused to be sworn: Whereupon the said Three Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, dated the 4th of August 1697, and directed to the then Warden of the Fleet, did, by virtue of the said Commission, require and authorize the said Warden of the Fleet to detain the said Kelson in Custody, without Bail or Mainprize; since which, he has escaped without answering.

Thomas Leaky said, That he served Mr. Church, the , then Warden of the Fleet, with the said Warrant, the same Day as it bore Date; and Mr. Church owned, That the said Kelson was then his Prisoner.

In Answer to which, Mr. Ford, the now Warden of the Fleet, said, That he finds by the Commitment Books of the Fleet, that John Kelson was committed a Prisoner there, upon Mesne Process, the 31st of July 1697; but does not find any Entry of the said Warrant from the Commissioners of Bankrupt in any of the Fleet Books.

That he was sworn and admitted Warden of the Fleet on the 28th Day of September 1697; when he had an Indenture of Assignment of the Prisoners committed to his Charge, in Number about 100; but the said John Kcl* son is not named therein, nor was then in the Prison; neither does he know him, or ever saw him; nor knows what is become of him; but said, That since he was admitted Warden, he has superseded Goodall's Actions, and -produced the Supersedeas.

That he insisted, That the Commissioners of Bankrupts had no Power to charge the Warden of the Fleet with any Prisoners for a Contempt of their Demand; but he ought to be looked upon as a Criminal, and removed by Habeas Corpus to the County Gaol; and instanced the Case of one Gregory, a Bankrupt and Prisoner in the Compter, who brought Three several Habeas Corpus's to remove himself to the Fleet; and was as otten remanded to the Compter by the present Lord Chief Justice Treby.

That he further alleged, That the Warden cannot be charged with the Custody of any Prisoner, save by the Council Board, or Courts of Westminster-hall; for that a Justice of Peace cannot commit to the Fleet, much less Commissioners of Bankrupts.

Upon which, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner John Goodall has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

That upon the Petition of Mr. Lascoe, the Matter appeareth to be as followeth:

That Sir John James, and others^ was indebted to the Petitioner 1,400l. upon a Bond of 4,000l. Penalty: Upon which Sir John James was arrested, who turned himself over to the Fleet; and, in Trinity Term, 1697,

Sir John James was charged; and committed in Execu-

Q tion

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

58

tion in the Fleet, at the Suit of the Petitioner, for 4,0001. Debt, and 221. Costs.

That, on the 16th Day of September 1697, Sir John James escaped, and was seen in Gerrard-street, near St. Anne s Church, W estminster, by Mr. Holden, the Petitioner's Attorney, and Mr. French; who asked him, What he did there ? He said, He was about his Business; and then voluntarily went with them to the Fleet; and they complaining of the said Escape to Mr. Church, the then Warden, he said, He had Security; but hoped no Kotice w ould be taken of the said Escape.

That, in Michaelmas Term, 1697, the Petitioner Mr. Lasco brought his Action of Escape against the said Mr. Church, and obtained Judgment thereon; and moved the Court of Common Pleas for a Sequestration; which was not granted, because the Judges thought the Petitioner could have no advantage thereby, by reason of the many Incumbrances that were upon the Office of the Fleet; since which the said Mr. Church is absconded; and as the Petitioner is informed. Sir John James hath, by Habeas Corpus, removed himself to the Kings Bench, from whence he hath also escaped.

Mr. Holding said, That the Door-keeper of the King's Bench told him, That Sir John James w as a Prisoner there; and Mr. Taylor, the then Marshal, told him, he should see Sir John James in Two or Three Days: After which, Holding went down again; but could not be admitted to see him. 1

That to this Petition Mr. Ford, the new Warden, answered, That he admits Sir John James was charged in Execution, as the Petition sets forth: That he was afterwards seen in Gerrard-street; and that Judgment was recovered against Mr. Church, as aforesaid; but that Judgment is referred to a Prothonotary, as irregular: And hopes it shall not be adjudged an Escape; the Prisoner returning the same Day, and a fresh Pursuit being allowed, by which he might have been taken.

That Sir John James was a Prisoner turned over to Ford, and was never, after the said 16th of September 1697, out of the Walls of the Prison, until he removed himself to the King's Bench by Habeas Corpus.

Mr. Gimbert, now Marshal of the King's Bench, said, That he was sworn Marshal, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, on the 29th of December last, when he had but One-and-thirty Prisoners committed to his Charge, or turned over to him, amongst which Sir John James is not named: But he has heard since his Admission, That Sir Jo. James wras a Prisoner to Mr. Taylor, the late Marshal; and that he suffered him to escape.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner Francis Lascoe has fully proved the Allegation of his Petition.

That, upon the Petition of Sir William Duncomb, the Matter appeared to be as followeth:

That the said Petitioner caused Henry Killigrew Esquire to be taken in Execution for 4001. Debt; who turned himself over to the Fleet Prison; and soon after escaped from thence; and was several times after seen out of the Rules of the said Prison:- Whereupon the Petitioner brought his Action of Escape against Mr. Church, the then Warden of the Fleet; and recovered Judgment against him, in Trinity Term, 1697, for the said 400l.; and the Court granted a Sequestration of the Profits of the Fleet pursuant to a late Act of Parliament; but the Petitioner could obtain no relief thereby: That, since the Sequestration, the Petitioner agreed to accept of 250 /. in Satisfaction of his said Debt; to strengthen which, an Assignment to Francis Guy of a former Mortgage upon the Fleet to one Norwood, which was saved by a late Act of Parliament, and inrolled in pursuance thereof, was transferred to the Petitioner: And Guy made Oath, That the said Assignment to him was well executed, and that he had not given any Declaration of Trust thereof; though Mr. Tilly afterwards said he had.

That 501, being the First Sum to be paid by the Agreement, was not paid at the time it ought* though Mr.

1699.

Killigrew had paid it, as Mr. Ford owned; and Sir William, looking on Guy's Assignment a.s a sham Security, refused afterwards to receive it.

In answer to which, Mr. Ford, the now Warden of the Fleet, said, That the Matters of the said Petition were transacted before he was Warden; but that, subsequent to the said Sequestration, Sir Wm. Duncomb, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, agreed to take 250/. to be paid at several times, in full Satisfaction of his said 400l. Debt; and had Norwood's Mortgage assigned over to him as his Security; of which he believes, and Mr. Tilly did affirm, Francis Guy had not made any Declaration of Trust: Yet, because the first Payment, being 50/. was not paid at the precise Day it ought, Sir William would not receive it, though it was tendered him in Three Weeks afterwards.

That Sir William Duncomb offered at the Committee to receive the said 50/.

That, upon the Petition of Mr. Killigrew, relating to the Matter of Sir William Duncomb's Petition;

Mr. Killigrew said, That he has preferred his Bill in Chancery against Sir William Duncomb, to be relieved against the said Judgment, having paid Part of the Money due thereon to Sir Eduard Bash, under whom Sir William claims; and said, He was a Prisoner in the Fleet, and did not know, That he was charged in Execution.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William Duncomb has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

That, upon ti^ I^tition of Eleanor Smith, Widow and Executij^ $>{ Francis Smith, deceased, it appeared, \

That her late Husband became bound for Thomas Bromhall, deceased, who then had the Inheritance of the Fleet in him, to divers Persons; and paid several Sums of Money for him, particularly 50/. to Alice Fittnesse, for which the Petidoner produced Receipts, and proved them by one Thomas Middleton:

That Bromhall gave the Petitioners Husband Counter Bonds for his Indemnity; and Mr. Tilly, who has since purchased the Inheritance of the Fleet under an Act of Parliament, being sensible that the Petitioner intended to oppose the said Act, did, on the First of May 1693, give Bond to the Petitioner, of 400l. Penalty, for Payment of 212/. in May 1693, without Interest; of which Mr. Tilly has paid but 7 /. 6 s.; and the Petitioner threatening to sue him upon the Bond, he said he was in his Castle,; and the Petitioner said, She was unable to sue him.

That, upon the Petition of John Praed' it appeared, That, in Trinity Term, 1690, the Petitioner exhibited his Bill in Chancery against William Warr, and others; and in December 1691, the Cause was heard, an Account directed, and Warr ordered to pay the Petitioner Costs, which were afterwards taxed at 53/. 8$. 3 d.; and the Master reported 6,404/. gs. 7 d.: That, to avoid the Payment of the said Costs, Warr sheltered himself in the Mint; from whence he was taken by an Order of the Court of Chancery, and committed a Prisoner to the Fleet; But Warr having his Liberty, the Petitioner complained to the Lord Chancellor, who made several Orders for his Confinement within the Walls of the said Prison, and until further Order: Yet WaiT enjoyed his Liberty: And upon further Complaint made to my Lord Chancellor, he thereupon ordered Mr. Church, the then Warden of the Fleet, to pay the Petitioner 50/. Part of the said 53/. 8$. 3d. Costs; and the further Sum of 25/. which the Master had taxed for Costs, that the said Petitioner had been put unto, for prosecuting for the said

53/. 8$. 3d.

Mr. John Coode, Mr. Praed's Solicitor, said,

That several times after Warr was committed to the Fleet, and was ordered to be kept within the Walls of the said Prison, he saw him in several Places without a

Day

1 Decembris.

II W. III. 14° Decembris.

Day Rule, or a Keeper, in the Vacation Time; and, talking to the said Church about r he said, As long as/fair could feed Mr. Tilly with Money, he would let Warr have his liberty to go where he pleased.

That the Petitioner has a Decree, signed and inrolled, for the 6,404 9«.,7 d.and a Sequestration thereupon; hut has not reaped any benefit thereby.

In Answer to which Petition;

Mr, Tilly said, That he admitted Warr was committed a Prisoner to the Fleet for the said 531. 8 s. 3 d. Costs, and no more: And that the Lord Chancellor made such Order, as aforesaid: But said, the Warden of the Fleet could not be charged with 6,404/. 9.?. mentioned in the Petition, because the Decree in Chancery was not confirmed and inrolled till after Warr, with his Causes, was removed from the Fleet to the King's Bench, by an alias Habeas Corpus, the 27th June 1696:

That the Office of the Fleet paid the said 50 /. pursuant to the Lord Chancellor's Order; and also Part of the said 251.: And believes Mr. Ford, the now Warden, will pay Mr. Praed the Remainder of the 25 /. whenever he will receive it. And Mr. Ford said, He will pay Mr. Praed what shall appear due to him of the said 25 /. as soon he pleases: That Mr. Praed owned the Receipt of the 50 /; and Part Of the 25 /.;

That it doth appear by the Books of the King's Bench Prison, That Warr was removed thither by Habeas Corpus.

That, upon the Petition of Thomas and

Henry Caldecott;

Mr. Dotting, an Attorney, said, That the Petitioners caused GerrardLodowick to be arrested; who turned himself over to the Fleet Prison; and, in Michaelmas lean last, the Petitioner obtained a Judgment against the said Lodowick for 412/.; but the Warden of the

Fleet lets him go where he pleases.

The said Attorney confessed, That Hammersly and Caldecott had not sought any Remedy against the now Warden of the Fleet.

To this the Warden only said,

That there are Writs of £rnnr brought upon the said Judgments; which are now depending.

That, upon the Petition of Mr. ,also referred.

It was proved, That he was admitted Marshal of the King's Bench in 1681, by virtue of a Grant made by

Mr. Cooling:

That the Petitioner attended the Committee; and, not being ready to prove the Allegation of his Petition, the Committee gave him a further Day; but afterwards, meeting Mr. Sevear, and one Mr. French, in the Court of Requests, Mr. Glover told them, That he presented his Petition to the House at the Instigation of Dr. Oates, and did not intend to proceed further upon his Petition before the Committee:

That a Rule of Court, l* Jacobi 21", was produced to discharge Glover from his said Office; and he is since haired by Act of Parliament.

And that nobody appeared on behalf of the Petition of Antony Morris,) which was also referred to the Committee.

That, as to the Abuses, and ill Practices, of the King's Bench and Fleef Prisons;

It appeared by the Books of the King's , That, betwixt the 2d of May 1696, and the 29th September last, 1,498 Prisoners had been committed to that Prison; of which but 137 appeared to be discharged, most of them upon the 10/. Act, and by Habeas Coi'pus:

That many of the said Prisoners, that have escaped, were charged with very great Sums of Money; parti-fulaiiy the aforesaid Sir John James, for 41,000l.; Bonam Strangways, charged with 26 Actions for

7,000and many others.

That, by the Fleet Prison Books, it appeared, That 1*6$ i Persons had been charged, from the-28th of April Vqjl 13.

1696, to the First of December last; whereof but 285 King's Bench were discharged, as followeth; viz. and *leet

By the Plaintiffs.....115 Prisons-

By Supersedeas - - - 42

By Composition upon the Major and Minor Act 43 By Habeas Corpus ' - - - - 85

285

So that, within the times aforesaid, both the said Prisons stood charged with 3,149 Persons; and about 422 of them were legally discharged, as appears by their Books:

That it appeared also to the Committee, That James Hunter, a late Writer to the King's Bench, deceased, had several Habeas Carpus', and Reddit se\ in his Custody at the time of his Death, which ought to have been filed in the Marshals Office, and the Prisoner charged therewith.

The Habeas Corpus\ and Reddit se\ were produced by Hunter's Widow.

And then the Committee proceeded to inquire, what Incumbrances are upon the said Prisons.

And Mr. Lenthall, who has the inheritance of the Office of Marshal of the King's Bench, said, He know s of no other Incumbrances thereon, but what Mr. Boulter hath, as Executor of Sir John Cutler, deceased; and what Mr. Sevear pretends to claim by virtue of a Writing executed by Lenthall:

That Sir John Cutlers Incumbrancj appeared to be a Statute Staple, entered into by Mr. Lenthall to Sir Jo. Cutler, for 10,000l. dated the 10th August 1682.

12 August 1682. An Indenture between Mr. Leiithall, and Sir John Cutler, reciting the said Statute; whereby Mr. Lenthall hath agreed, That the Office of Marshal of the King's Bench, and his Manor of Latchford and Hasely\ in Orfordshrre, should be one Joint Security to Sir John, to be void on Payment of 7,000 /. and Interest:

That afterwards Sir John Cutler lent Mr. Lenthall more Money; and, upon a stated Account, under Mr. Lent-halCs Hand and Seal, dated the 19th June 1697, there appeared to be due to Sir John Cutler's Estate, on the 29th of May *697, the Sum of 18,001 /. 195. 1 d.

That Mr. Lenthall has lately sold the Manor of Hasely and Latchford to the Earl of Radnor for 8,501 /. 10 s.:

So that the Office of Marshal, to the said 29th Day of May, stands charged with the remaining Sum of 9,500 A $s. \d.

Mr. Boulter said, He was no-ways privy to, or con? senting to, the Bargain made between Mr. Lenthall and the Lord Radnor:

That, in Obedience to the Order of the House, Mr.

Sevear was heard by his Counsel Sir William Williams; who produced Articles, bearing date the 25th Day of November 1684, executed by William Lenthall Esquire, under Hand and Seal; whereby he covenanted, in Consideration of 45/. to be paid dowm, and 1,600l. per Annum Rent-charge, payable Quarterly, to grant to Mr.

Sevear, and his Assigns, for Life, the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the King's Bench, with the Prison, and Perquisites thereunto belonging, to commence immediately after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other Determination of the former Grant to Henry Glover of the said Office.

That Mr. Sevear, accordingly, paid the said 45 £ and, at several other times, several other Sums of Money, amounting to above 200l. in Part of the f irst Quarters Rent:

That, Glover's Grant being determined, Lenthall refused to perform the said Articles; and granted the said Office to Mr. Briggs: Whereupon Sevear, in 1694, exhibited his Bill in Chancery against Lenthall, Briggs, and others, to compel a Performance of the said Articles:

And, upon Hearing of the Cause, Briggs' Counsel alleged, That he had no Notice of the Articles: The Court thereupon directs an Issue at Law, to try whether he had Notice before his Grant, or not: Upon which Tiyal a Verdict was found for Sevear, That Briggs had Notice.

1 That

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

6o 14° Decembris. A. 1699.

That after the said Verdict, and before Sevear could have any Benefit thereby, a late Act of Parliament passed, for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses of Prisons, and pretended privileged Places; wherein there is a Clause to vacate all Grants or Deputations then before made by Mr. Lenthall of the said Office, of which Smear declared lie had no Notice: And coming back to the Chancery, Smear's Bill was dismissed, because of the said Clause: That, since such Dismission, Seaver brought his Action of Covenant against Lenthall; and hath recovered 2,322 /. 17s. 6d. thereupon; as by Three several Judgments produced to the said Committee.

Sir William Williams also alleged, That Sevear had done all that the Law would allow, to do himself Right; and all that can be done, is only to confine Lenthall to his own House and Dominion; and can have no Satisfaction, without the Help of an Act of Parliament, though it has cost Sevear above 2,600l. as informed.

To prove which, he called John Stanley, Mr. Sevear s Attorney; who said, Mr. Sevear brought his Bill in Chancery, against Lenthall, Briggs, and others; and, before they answered, they preferred a cross Bill against Mr. Sevear; and those Suits, which the said Issue directed, and References to Masters, cost Mr. Sevear 1,500l. as he believes, besides what Costs he was at in prosecuting other Tryals at Law.

It appeared to the Committee, That George Moor had recovered Judgment against the said Mr. Lenthall, 30 Willi &$ Marice, for.2,025 /. for the Escape of Henry Paine, who was a Prisoner in Execution to Mr. Lenthall, when lie executed the Office of Marshal himself:

That Moor issued out an Elegit, and seized Part of Lent hall's Goods and Estate in Oxfordshire; which Goods were sold, and produced about 100l. besides Charges: But he was turned out of Possession of the Lands by Mr. Boulter, by virtue of a prior Incumbrance; and can have no Relief against Lenthalls Person, because those Persons, who have since exercised the Office of the Marshal of the King's Bench, have been favourable to Mr. Lenthall:

That the Warden of the Fleet said, He knew of but Four Incumbrances of the Fleet; viz. Norwood's, Smith's, Johnson s, and Clements':

That nobody appeared to make out die Incumbrances to Norwood and Johnson:

That the Incumbrance to Mr. Clements was a Mortgage upon the Fleet, made to him, in Trust for several others, the 3d of May 1678, for the Term of 500 Years, in Consideration of 2,299/. principal Money.

That 1,842/. with Interest, Part of the said 2,299/. became due to Five Sisters of Sir Edwdrd Loxv, deceased; who, in 1693, relinquished all their Claims, as to Interest of the said 1,842/. principal Money, which amounted to near 2,000l. upon Condition an Act of Parliament should be obtained for the Sale of the Fleet; and that they were paid their principal Money by the 1st of January 1C93; which was not paid, though the Act was obtained:

That the said Five Sisters have received but 250/. of the said 1,842 /. and Interest: So that there remained due to them, on the First Day of January last, from the 1st of January 1693, only the Sum of 2,021/. 16$. 9 id.

Besides which, the Fleet stands charged by the said Incumbrance with the remaining Sum of 457/. Principal Money, and Interest.

Smith's Security is as follows; viz.

That Bromhdl, being seised in Fee of a Farm in Shropshire, sold the same, m December 1677, to Smith, for 500l.; and covenanted, That the same was free from Incumbrances, though he had before entered into a Recognizance in the Court of Chancery, together with William Allanson and Edward Kinaston, for 800l.; That, Bromhall dying, Kinaston sued out a Scire facias against the said Farm; and Smith preferred a Bill in Chancery, to be relieved against it; But the Court, on the 22d June 1683, decreed Smith to pay to Kinaston what lie had paid for Bromhally with Costs, by reason of the said

Recognizance, which was to be assigned over to Mr* Smith, on Payment of the Money.

That the Master in Chancery reported 425/. 11 s. 3d. due for Kinaston; and Smith paid the Money in 1683; and took a Receipt; and had the Recognizance assigned over.

And afterwards, Smith preferred his Bill in Chancery against Norwood, a Mortgagee of the Fleet, and others, to be let into the Profits of the Prison and Premises, for Satisfaction of his said Debt.

And the Court of Chancery, 26th of January 1C85, decreed the Equity of Redemption of the Premise* mortgaged to Norzvood for Smith's Benefit

That Smith is since, dead, and his Right and Interest in the Premises is vested in Thomas Holmden and Mary his Wife, and Richard Short and Elizabeth his Wife, the Two only Daughters and Administratrixes, with the Will annexed, of the said Antony Smith.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That thepresent Offices of the Marshal of the King's Bench, and Warden of the Fleet Prisons, in respect of their Management, have been very prejudicial to personal Credit, and a great Grievance to the whole Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the many Incumbrances on the said Offices do cover those Prisons against Judgments in Cases of Escapes; whereby the good Intention of the late Act of Parliament for the Relief of Creditors is eluded, the Keepers of the said Prisons, for Bribes, continuing to suffer Escapes, and the Creditors left without Remedy for the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Habeas Corpus shall be hereafter granted for Removing of Prisoners, in personal Actions, to any of the Courts at Westminster-hall, in order to be turned over to the King's Bench or Fleet Prisons, but upon sufficient Cause shewn by the Defendant, or some Person for him, in Open Court, in the Presence of the Plaintiff or some Person authorized by him.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Way for preventing the Abuses of the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons is, by discharging the Incumbrances that are upon the said Prisons, by Sale of the said Offices, or otherwise: And that, for the future, neither of the said Offices should be liable to any incumbrance, except upon Escapes.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the present Offices of the Marshal of the King's Bench, and Warden of the Fleet Prisons, in respect of their Management, have been very prejudicial to personal Credit, and a great Grievance to the whole Kingdom.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the many Incumbrances^ on the said Offices do cover those Prisons against Judgments in Cases of Escapes; whereby the good Intention of the late Act of Parliament for Relief of Creditors is eluded, the Keepers of the said Prisons, for Bribes, continuing to suffer Escapes, and the Creditors left without Remedy for the same.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " but upon sufficient Cause shewn by the " Defendant, or some Person for him, in open Court, in the Presence of the Plaintiff, or some Person authorized by him;" and inserting, instead thereof, " and " if any Person shall be removed by Habeas Corpus, and " the Person so removed shall not be bailed, or totally €t discharged, that then the Person so removed shall be <c remanded to the Prison from whence he was brought :n And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resofaedi

rr W. HI.

14? Lhcembris.

61

tj. <, tu, v f Mr. Btotha'ton,

Tellers for the 1 eas,

96.

Resolved^ Nemine conthtdkmte, That tine- House do agree with the Committee in tha said Resolution, so amended, That no Habeas Coipus shall be hereafter granted for Removing, of Prisoners, in personal Actions, to any of (he Courts ill Westminster-hall) in order to, be turned over to the King's Bench or Fleet Prisons: And if any Person so removed shall not be bailed, or totally discharged; that then the Person so removed shall be remanded to the Pnsonfroiii whence he was brought.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved\ Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Way for preventing the Abuses of the Ki?ig's Bench and Fleet Prisons is, by discharging the Incumbrances that are upon the said Prisons, by Sale of the said Offices or otherwise; and that, for the future, neither of the said Offices shall be liable to any Incumbrances, except upon Escaped Upbn which a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That a fiitl be brought in upon the said Resolutions;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

1

Tellers for the Noes, (^oibtteTlec) 54*

So it Was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Ojfley, Mr. Carter, and Mr. Bro-theiion, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill Ordered) That it be referred to the said Coramilitee to state the Account of the Incumbrances upon the said Prisons to this Day.

Ordered, That die 3aid Committee do prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills upon the said Re3otu*-lions.

A Petition of a Multitude of poor Prisoners for Debt, (hat lie in the King's Bench and Fleet, for and on the behalf of themselves, and many Thousand other the like Prisoners in the several Prisons \n London-and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and in the many Prisons in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Abuse of the Coin, and the Tediousness of the late War, and many other inevitable Losses, (hey have been reduced to Poverty, and! imprisoned by their Creditors; where many of them have lain in a starving Condition many Years* to the Ruin of their Families, who, bad they been at Liberty, might have paid their Debts, and been useful to the Kiblick; but now are a great Burden to the same; the Prisoners in England being computed at 60,000 Souls, who chiefly subsist by lagging at the Grate of the Prisons; and, when that Charity faila, they starve, as weekly Examples' testify, to the Dishonour of this Protestant Kingdom, and Damage thereof, from many contagious Distempers, which oftentimes have their Beginning in Prisons: And praying the consideration of the House, That they may be relieved, either by causing them to be discharged, under such reasonable Conditions as shall be adjudged fit, or by some speedy Methods for their support and Maintenance, either from their Creditors, who detain them, or otherwise, as shall be found to be convenient; and that a Bill be brought in accordingly.

Ordered, That the Conskieration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report to the House what they do conceive proper to be done for the Petitioners Relief.

And it is referred to Lord Marquis of Hartington,. Sir Francis Child, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Thursby, Mr. HayeS) Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Morgan, Lord Cavendish, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Carter, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Fudge, Mr. IVimrington, Mr. Webb, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. White, Mr. Beak, Sir John Cope, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Cokkrop, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Row-Vos. 13.

land Gwyns, Mr. Freeman, Mir. Brotherton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Lord. Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Defective ' mon Council, of the City of London, was presented to Titles* tile House, and* read,; setting forth, That several Kings andi Queens of this Realm* for valuable Considerations, have granted to the Petitioners Predecessors divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Rentals and Evidences relating to* which were burnt, or lost, in the great Fire of London in 1666; and great Part of their Estate hath been ever since concealed: But the Petitioners have lately discovered Part thereof; and are advised, it may be recovered at Law; That the Bill now depending in this House, for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles, null, ae the Petitioners are advised* when passed into a Law, foreclose them from the Recovery of any Part of their said concealed Estate: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, what they have to offer in relation to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the* Consideration, of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Council; before the Committee, touching the said Bill.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manu-. Woollen facturers, within the City of New Sarum, on the behalf Manufacture* ef themselves, and many Thousands of poor Persons-de^ pending on them, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since the making of a late Act of Parliament, for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation, of foreign Bone-lace, the Trade of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom is very much abated; and the Petitioners, who before had a constant Trade into Flanders, have now little or none; the Government in Flanders endeavouring to set up a Woollen Manufacture of their own: And praying the Consideration of the House therein, either by repealing the said Act, or otherwise, as shall be thought most convenient.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report to the House what they cQnceive proper to be done thereupon.

And it is referred to Mr. Eyres, Sir James Houblon,

Mr. Gwyirn, Mr. Hooper, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Wm.

Scawen, Sir John Morden, Mr. Fox, Colonel Godfrey,

Mr. Rudge, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Lee, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr.

Kent, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. How, Mr. Moore, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Jervois, Lord Cavendish,

Sir Henry Parker, Sir William Drake, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Vernon, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Drake, Mr. Barnardiston; and all that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Ym'k) Gloucester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Loicndes, according to Order, presented to the Debt due to House a Copy of a Privy Seal, relating to the Debt due Pnnce of to the Prince of Dcmmrk: And also, Denmar

A State of the Debt clue, upon the Account of Sick and Wounded.....to the 2.9th Day of September 1699.

And the Copy of the Privy Seal, being read, is as followeth; viz.

William R.

OUR Will and Pleasure is, that you forthwith prepare a Bill for our Royal Signature, to pass our Privy Seal, in these Words, or to the Effect following:

William the Third, by the Grace of God, &c. To the Commissioners, of our Treasury, Chancellor, and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains, Barons, and all other Officers and Ministers of our Exchequer, now being; and to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,

Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains, Barons,

R and

62

14° Decem

A. 16 pp.

Debt due to Prince of Denmark.

and all other Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer, of Us, our Heirs, or Successors, for the Time being; and to all others herein concerned: Greeting, Whereas, upon adjusting Disputes which happened in the Year i68q, between our good Brother Christian the Vth, King of

The Account is as followeth; vis

£. s.

i 214,706 10 11

pected from the West Indies, and diterranean, and other Places, there will be an additional Charge, according to the nearest Calculation -

Receipts of Money.

From the nthof July 1689, to} the 31 December 1697 - - - y

From the 31 December 1697, to } the 29 September 1698 - - )

From the 29th September 1698, to

Remains to balance

40,326 5 4

60,151 10 if

) 6,500

The State of the Charge of Sick and Wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners at War, from the 11th of July 1689,to the 30th of September, 1699. Denmark, and our good Brother Charles the XIth, late Change from the 11th of July King of Sweedland, since deceased, there appeared to be *, 9* °eing the Commencement of due, upon a stated Account, made up in July 1691, from ie Commission, to the 31st of De-Christian Albert late Duke of Holstein, unto our dearly cera"®r 1°95> as appears by Six An-beloved Brother George Prince of Denmark, the Sum of nua Accounts, delivered under Oath,

340,000 Rix dollars, for Two Mortgages which he had examined by the Honourable upon one Part of the Territories of the said Duke of Commissioners appointed by Parlia-Holstein;to wit, one on the Isle of Femeren, and the other ment,a . noObjections made to them, on the Baillages of Tremsbuttill, and Steinhorst; which am£unting to the Sum of - -

said Lands and Baillages the said Prince of Denmark was , From the 31st December 1695, to in Possession of until July 1689; and did then, at our *"e 3Jst December 1696, as appears Desire, for the more speedy putting an End to the Differ- *he Seventh annual Account "

ences between the said Two Kings and restating the said From the 31st of December 1696,

Duke of Holstein, in his Territories, according to their to the 29th September 1698, accord-Agreement, which then seemed absolutely necessary for n£ to the nearest Computation the Support of our Alliances, surrender and release, unto From the 29th September 1698, to the said Duke of Holstein, the said Two Mortgages, upon the 29th September 1699, as appears our promising to pay unto him, the said Prince of Den- by some Account since, and more ex-mark, the Sum of 340,000 Rixdollars, or 85,0001, of lawful Money of England; and, until that Sum should be satisfied, to allow him an Interest for the same after the Rate of 6 /. per Cent, per Ann.: And although our Affairs have not hitherto admitted of the Payment of the said Sum of 85,000l. or any Part thereof, or of the Interest incurred thereupon, We have nevertheless, from time to time, received and approved of particular Accounts or Demands thereof exhibited, and made to Us, by our said dear Brother the Prince of Denmark in the Offices of our principal Secretaries of State: And being

very desirous, and fully intending, as much as in Us lieth, the 14th December 1699 that the said Sum of 85,000 /. and all Interest due, and that shall grow due, thereupon, at the said Rate of 61. per Cent per Annum, shall be truly and fully paid and satisfied, according to our Royal Word and Promise given and passed in that behalf, as soon as possibly may be:

And for a further Confirmation and Assurance of the same. Know ye, that We do hereby acknowledge, declare, and grant, that the said Sum of 85,000l. was and is justly due and owing from us, unto our said dearly beloved Brother the Prince of Denmark, for the Principal Sum of 340,000 Rixdollars, of which we undertook the Payment in July 1691, aforesaid; and that, so soon as the Exigencies of our Affairs can possibly admit thereof, the said Principal Sum of 85,000 /. and also Interest for the same, at the Rate of 6 /. per Cent, per

w

(S.

321,684 6 5

249,719 15 9

6,861 16 5i

4,000 0 0

260,581 12 2I

61,102 6 2f

321,684 6 5

Oft

Tho. Addison,

Antho.

Da. Elder.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Alienating prevent the Alienation of Crown Lands, Forfeitures, and Crown Penalties accruing to the Crown: And that Mr.

Annum, to be computed from the 31st Day of July 1691, an(j ^ie Lorci Cheine do prepare, and bring in, the Bill, aforesaid, shall be fully, duly, and effectually answered,

paid, and satisfied unto him, our said dearly beloved Sir R according to Order, reported, St. Ives, Brother George Prince of Denmark, or his Assigns; from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Election, and We do hereby accordingly direct and command, Matter to them referred, upon the Petitions touching the That the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid Election for the Borough of Ives, in the County of and satisfied, without any further or other Warrant or Cornwall; and the Resolution of the Committee, which Warrants, to be had or obtained from Us, our Heirs, or they had directed him to report to the House; which he Successors, in that behalf. Nevertheless our Will and read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Meaning is. That as any Part of the said Principal shall Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foL be paid off, the Interest shall proportionably sink, and loweth;

be abated. And these our Letters, &c. Given, &c. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Given at That the Petition of several Inhabitants within the Borough our Court at Kensington the 11th Day of May, 1698, of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, presented to the

~ House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching

the late Election for the said Borough, is not the same in Substance with the Petition from several Inhabitants of the said Borough, presented to the House of Commons the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of several Inhabitants within the Borough of St. Ives, in the

in the 10 th Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty's Command,

Cha. Mountague,

To the Clerk of our Fox,

Signet attending. John Smith,

Tho. Littleton,

Tho. Pelham.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Privy Seal be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his County of Cornwall, presented to the House of Commons Majesty. - this Session of Parliament, touching the late Election for

t the said Borough, is not the same in Substance with the

1 hen the I itle of the said Account being read; Petition from several Inhabitants of the said Borough

presented

e

h

hai

in!

Eai »hi to I *as the 1 Bur 1

3

T

»as

like

sent!

»as

Voti

T

h

toh

Hat

alien

V

II W. III.

14° Decembris,

*3

presented to the House of Commons the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do not proceed any further upon the Petition touching the said Election.

O

Fowey

Election.

Mr. Gibson,.. . Mr. Bramston also said, That Leez did give his Vote for Sir Harvey and Esquire

Mountague; but he came a little time after, and would have retracted his Vote from Mr. Mountague, and given it to Mr. Fitch;but they acknowledged his Name was

entered down by the Town Clerk before he would have it retracted; and afterwards, a Dispute arising about it, a Query was put down upon him, by the Consent of all, at the Bottom of the Poll: And Mr. Bramston said, That another Person whe came to vote, his Name was entered down, before Leez offered to retract.

That, as to the Persons that would have voted for the Petitioner, and were insisted on to have a Right so to do; it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Gibson and Mr. Cair: That Mr. John Bramston had a Right to his Freedom

' to his

Sir Rowland Gzvym also reported, from the said Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Petition, concerning the Election for the

Borough of Fowey in the County of Cornwall, wa & referred,

the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ., 0 That the Petition of ShatrackVincent Esquire, present^ " So"of 1 Buf^ > lu,d was adm, Kd

to the House of Commons this Session of P^liament, Fr'edo,n Uie .'3th laly ,6?8: . touching the late Election for the Borough of Fowey in the County of Cornwall, is the same in Substance with the Petition of the said Mr. Vincent and Henry Ashurst Esquire, presented to the House of Commons the last Session, relating to the said Election.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Sha- r - , r *> . , i

track Vince, U Esquire, presented to the House of Com- Fr^om before: Yet it was acknowledged, the none

mens this Session ^Parliament, touching the late Election h" V a " "y EleC"°"' " ,ctuall)r ad-

for the Borough of Fma, in the County of Cornwall, is m,t,ed to ,be,r Freedoro' the same in Substance with the Petition of the said Mr.

Vincent and Henry Ashurst Esquire, presented to the House

That Abraham Francis had the same Right; and was admitted to his Freedom 15 July 1698:

That John Scott had a Right by Service; and admitted to his Freedom 18th July 1698:

That Thomas Burges and John Soresby had both a Right by Purchase; and Burges was admitted to his Freedom on the 15 July 1698, and Soresby on the 20th July 1698; but they had the Vote of the House for such

of Commons the last Session, relating to the said Election.

Malden

Election.

Mr. Gibson said, That John Holmes would have voted for Sir Eliah Harvey and Mr. Fitch; but was refused, as being under Age, upon the Producing of a Certificate of the Time of his being baptized; though his Mother affirmed he was born Fourteen or Fifteen Weeks before Sir RowlandGxvyrm reported also, from the Committee he was baptized: That he was admitted to his Freedom of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared 3d January 1697; but it was usual to admit to their to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Bo- Freedoms such as are under Age: rough of Malden in the County of Essex', and the Reso- Geo. Hugget, a Sea-faring Man, said, That he being lution of the Committee thereupon; which they had di- come from a Voyage in the Year 1677, he met his Bro-rected him to report to the House; which he read in his ther-in-Law, the said Holmes his Father, about the 8th Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table; or 9th of July in the same Year; Who told him, That

Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz. his Wife was brought a-bed of a Son; and he went a

Upon the Petition of JVm. Fitch, Esquire, complaining little after to see his Sister, and found her brought a-bed of an undue Election and Return of Irby Mountague of a Son, which was afterwards baptized John, and is Esquire, to serve for the said Borough. the Person in Dispute.

That upon the Poll there w as, John Holmes said, He was asked to give his Vote for

For the Sitting Member - - - 149. Mr. Mountague by Mr. Coe and Mr. Finchand Mr.

For the Petitioner ----- 148. Cue promised him a Place in the Custom-house; and

But it was insisted, on behalf of the Petitioner, That when Mr. Coe and Mr. Finch did see, that he would not Seven, viz. Henry Leez, John Bramston, Abr. Francis, vote as they would have him, they told him, he was John Scott, Tho. Burges, John Soresby, and John Holmes, under Age. He said, He did not ask by what Authority had a Right, and would have polled for the Petitioner, Coe made him that Offer; but said it was an usual Thing and were refused: to offer Places: And Mr. Gibson said. That Mr. Coe was

And that Five, viz. Theop. Goosey, John Browne, the very diligent in making an Interest for Colonel Mountague.

Earl of Manchester, Mr. Cha. Montague, Henry Leez, which stand upon the Sitting Member's Poll, ought not to be allowed as good Votes for him; But Henry Leez was one of the Seven before enumerated to be added to the Petitioner's Poll.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the free Burgesses upon Three several Rights.

1st, As being the Son of a free Burgess.

2dly, By Apprenticeship.

3. By Election.

The First Person the Petitioner's Counsel examined to was Henry Leez; and, as to him, they read a Memorandum at the bottom of the Poll, in these Words; Likewise Exception was made, That Henry Leez, pre-

That as to the Persons insisted on to have voted for Colonel Mountague, that ought not to stand on his Poll;

Mr. Gibson said, That Theophilus Boosey gave a single Vote for Colonel Mountague; and that the said Mr. Gibson, did see Boosey a little before the Election; and the said Boosey told him, Colonel Mountague had promised him, that he should have a Place before the Election.

That Mr. Charles Mountague, being then One of the Lords Justices, and the Earl of Manchester, voted for Colonel Mountague.

That the Lord Fitzwater, and Mr. Mildmay, his Brother, Avere present at the Election.

That John Browne told the said Mr. Gibson, That some

sently after giving his Vote, came again; and said, He Persons had overpowered him, and hauled him to go up was mistaken, and would have retracted and altered his and give his Vote as he did.

Vote; and was refused,

That they also called

Henty Leez himself; who declared, That he intended to have voted for Sir Eliah Harvey and Mr. Fytch; but

save his Vote, - by Mistake, for Sir Eliah Harvey and Isquire Mountague, being disturbed by the Falling of his Hat; but, presently after, recollected, and would have, altered his Vote from Colonel Mountague to Mr. , Vox.. 13.

That, for the Sitting Member, it was insisted, That before the Election the several Candidates came to an Agreement; viz.

1st, That no Persons should be polled, that were made' free after the Teste of the Writ.

2. That none under 21 should be polled.

3. That no Person, having a single Vote, should afterwards be admitted to poll for another.

That

Malden

Election.

6 4

140 — 150 Decembris.

A. 1699.

That Abraham Francis, fohn Scott, Burges and were made tree alter the Teste of the Writ, which bore Teste 13 July 1698; and that John was made

free the same Day, appeared to be Fact.

Th it, to prove the Agreement, the Sitting Member's . Counsel called Mr. Peter Robjeant, Mr. , and Mr. Coe; who

testified, That it was proposed by Mr. Gibson, One of the Bailiffs, and a Friend to the Petitioner, before the Poll

re-

That several that voted fof thie Sitting- Member had ceived Alms; viz. Wm\Turner and Hitch.

Mr. Gibson"said* He had given- to Turner of Sir

John Bramston'a Charity last Year; but it was after the Election:

And that Nicholas Hitch is a poor indigent Fellow.

John Cockrillsaid, That Turtl had had Charity several

times within Three Years.

That he had given Hitch of Sir John Branistori's Cha-

began, That none should be polled that were made free rity last; and that Hitch had Half a Crown a

after the Teste of the Writ Week of the Parish Two or Three Years ago; and that

2dh, That none under 21 should be polled. Hitch had lived in ah Alms-house many Years.

3. That no Person should poll twice. Mr. Gibson said, That life had given to John Jennings

Which Proposition so made by Mr. Gibson, in the Pre- of Sir John Bramston's Charity last Christmas. sence and Hearing of the Candidates, the Witnesses ap- Apd that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came prehended was agreed to by them, because nobody of- to this Resolution:

posed it: And Mr. Robjeant said, That after Lecz had Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee,

voted for Sir Eliah Harvey and Colonel Mount.. ., Lecz That Ireby Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

went to the Hall Door, and was whispered by Two or to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Three; whereupon he returned, and would have retracted Malden.

his Vote, pretending he was mistaken: But another Person The said Resolution being read a Second time;

was called, and his Name put down before he retracted. And the Qufestion being put, That the House do

And ^lr. Rolrjcant said further, That Sweeting Barring- agree with the Committee iii the said Resolution, That ton, Robert Cole, Thomas Richmond, and Robert Simpson, Ireby Moitntague Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve were refused to be admitted to poll according to the in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden;

The House divided.

The Koes go forth.

iltrt

*c

J5‘

Agreement.

Mr. Altwood, being examined, said, he met with accidentally at an Alehouse in Milford-lane, near the Temple; and that Leez discoursing of the Election, said, That the Reason of his voting for Mr. Alountague was, because one of the Bramstons had affronted him, and that he then voted according to his Mind; but somebody whispered him, and then he would have retracted his Vote.

But, Mr. Attwood being confronted by Leez, Leez denied, That he had any such Discourse with Mr. Attwood, or tjiat he l$new him, or had ever seen him.

Robert Edwards, being examined, said, That he only voted for Colonel Mountague; but in the Poll, he is set down for Mr. Fitch also: But Mr. Ca'rr, the Town Clerk* $aid, That all Persons were put down as they gave thdr Votes; apd his Boll was compared with the rest, and there was no (Objection at that Time.

A Certificate was produced, by which it appeared, That John j Holmes was baptized the 15th of October 1677:

And Mr. Robjeant, being examined to that Matter, said though tiolmes's Mother affirmed the said Holmes was of Age, yet she would not swear it.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel also insisted, That several who polled for the Petitioner did receive Alms.

And they called

Mr. Coe, who said, That Thomas Hullbank had lived in an Alms-house for Three Years last past.

That he had examined the Books, and finds, That Robert Dun had received 5 or 6 s. a Year Charity, for

Three or "Four Years last past.

That Mr. John Cable, his Wife* and Child, hare fe-

Tcl^ for the Yeas,

Telless fot the Noes,

ji7i. } 9«-

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That no Peer of this Resolution Kingdom hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election against Vest* for any Member to serve in Parliaments '

B&

Voting

Elections-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Saturday Morii- State of ing next, resolve itsself into a Committee of the whole l rade-House, to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 15s die Decembris; 11 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Til E Hdusfe being informed, That the Petition of Reading Sir Tho. Stamp, touching the Election for the Bo- ^ectiotu ceived Charity; which the said Mr. Coe also saw in the rough of Reading in the County of Berks this Session, is

Y 1 A _ IX 1 nnn 4- il. ... iL 1. ..1 LI

Import

Poor's Book. different from that which was presented the last Session;

That there were Two I fitters produced; one pfoved Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to he the Hand of Mr. Gibson, the other of Mr. St ace; of Privileges and Elections, That they do examine whether both writ to one Feild: The Purport of which were, To the Petition this Session be tire same in Substance with desire his Vote for Sir Eliah Harvey and Mr. Fitch, say- that which was presented the last Session; and report the ing they were honest Gentlemen, and Men of Estates; and same, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And Stacy's Letter stud, They would not be Pensioners: Both that the Committee do the same, before they proceed Letters expressing, That if he Would vote as desired, he upon the Merits of the Election, should have no Trouble for Money they expected from

A Bill to enable Thomas May to sell Lands in the " May's Estate, County of Suffolk) which were settled upon his First and Second Marriage; and to convey otltfer Lands, of a greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; Was read a Second time.

Resoked, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Hunt,

Election; and said, They did not hear or remember any Sir fVm. Hustler, Mr. Conyers-, Mr. Hancock, Lord thing of any Agreement by the Candidates, except that bury, Mr. England, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Row-no Person should be polled twiee. ney, Mr. h, Sir Samuel BUrnardistott, Mr. Shdchrty,

That it was also insisted on by the Petitioner's Gdntisel, Mr. Drake, Mr. CrcWtt, Sit -Edw. Hussey,

x Mr.

him, otherwise he ipust bring Money with him: Which Stace voted for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner's Counsel denied, That there Was any such Agreement ns alleged; and called

Mr. Bramston, Clerk, Mr. Tho. Bramston, Mr. Nicholas Qorsellis, Mr. Shaw; who Said they were present at the

Wff

9.

re-

Sir

he

lotion is iPttn

im

co.

11 w. hi.

150 Decentbris.

6$

order to be laid before this House*

Mr. Gurdon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Stonetiouse, Sir Cha. Shuck- and Papers relating to that Matter, to be translated, in

brough, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Probert,

Mr. Rlissc, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Henly; and all the Members that serve for the County of Suffolke; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Member discharged from Custody.

Army Arrears.

Mr. from the Commissioners of the Custom Customs,

presented to the House, according to Order, an Accourit Pena] ties, Ae. of the Penalties and Forfeitures which have been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for Ten Years Ordered, That Mr. Nappier, in Custody of the Ser- ending at Midsummer 1699, as well upon the Seizures of jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him- any unaccustomed or prohibited Goods, as for personal self from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Informations relating to the same: But how the same have Custody, paying his Fees. been disposed of, That they are not able to give the

House any Information; And that the Account of the A Petition of Alexander Gamble, and others, on behalf Bonds standing out upon the Subsidy of Tonage and of themselves and divers other Troopers of the Regiment Poundage, granted to his Majesty for Five Years, ending late Brigadier Villierss, and now under the Command of the 25th Day of December next, was preparing; ana Colonel Harvey, was presented to the House, and read; would be laid before the House, as soon as the same

could be got ready.

Then the Title of the said Account of Penalties and Forfeitures was read.

And the Account is as followeth;

setting forth, That, notwithstanding the Resolutions of this House the 6th of February 1696; the Lord Coningsby and Mr. Foj's. Report in Favour the Petitioners; and also the late Act of Parliament for Relief of disbanded Soldi ers; yet the Petitioners cannot bring their Officers to any Account; though they have preferred a Bill in Chancery against them, they have not answered, being most in Ireland; and the Petitioners fear, that, by reason of their Poverty, they shall not be able to prosecute it: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine, and report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto.

Answer to -Address.

A Petition of Jeremiah Checvers, and others, in behalf of themselves and all others, reduced and discharged Men and Trumpets out of his Majesty's Regiment of Light Horse, late commanded by the Honourable Colonel John Coy, and now by the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Arran, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That upon their Reducement since the Peace, their Officers have detained their Horses, contrary to his Majesty's Orders, and about 10/. per Alan per Annum out

From Midsummer 1689, to Mid- > summer 1690 - -, §

From Midsummer 1690, to Mid-) summer 1691 - - - 3

From Alidsummer 1691, to Mid-) summer 1692 -3

From Midsummer 1692, to Alid-) summer 1693 3

From Midsummer 1693, to Alid-) summer 1694 3

From Midsummer 1694, to Alid-) summer 1695 y

From Midsummer 1695, to Mid-) summer 1696 y

From Midsummer 1696, to Mid-) summer 1697 j

From Alidsummer 1697, to Alid-' summer 1608 -

I-

6,235

s.

16

d.

5

1

From Midsummer 1698, to Mid-)

jesijs v/ruers, anu auuui i u t. per i\ian per -annum uui summer l6oQ /

of their Subsistence; and have charged Bounty Money to "

4,977 19 10 6,786 4 7 8,33 3 6 3 io,349 15 51 5.S73 4 5i 11,646 12 9

4

10,374 3 5 10,312 17 o 13,739 5 ni

some of the Petitioners, as Part of their Subsistence; nor have they ever had any Account of their Off-reckoning, nor reaped any Benefit of the late Act of Parliament for their Relief, their Officers refusing to pay the Petitioners what is due to them, unless compelled by Law; and the Petitioners are not able to sue them: And praying Relief; and that they may be heard by Counsel, touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the-Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of 'Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine, and report the Alatter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

John Earle, Register. Rich, Hosier, Inspector.

>6-85,634 6 2

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Par- Impartial liament was read a Second time. Proceedings

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ,?rlla~ of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Tiansport

Debt.

A Petition of Charles Here ton, and others, Afasters of Ships of Newcastle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to the Petitioners above 2,381/. for Transport Service, in 1693; and though they borrowed Aiouey at Interest, for victualling and carrying on the said Service, yet the Petitioners have received no manner of Satisfaction; for want whereof they are reduced to very great Streights: And praying, That Consideration may be had of their said Debts, so as they may be paid what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he having presented to his Majesty their Address, That he would please to direct, That a Copy of the Treaty of Altcna between the King of Denmark and Duke of Holstein, and all other Alatters relating to the Debt due io the Prince of Denmark, may belaid before this House; and That his Majesty had been pleased to directthe said Treaty Vol. 13.

The House being informed, That M one of jnBb *or*

O % / ' rur£S

the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates of Ireland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar acquainted the House,

That the said Commissioners, having executed their Commission, had ordered him to give this House an Account of their Proceedings: And thereupon presented to the House their Report, together with Nine Books, to which the Report, which is the 1 oth Book, refers;

iV

A Book of Outlawries 1

A Book of Forfeitures ..... 2

A Book of Adjudications at the Council Board 3

A Book of Adjudications of the Court of Claims 4

A Book of Pardons and Reversals 5

A Book of Grants ----- 6

A Book of Incumbrances - - - - 7

A Book of Debts due to forfeiting Persons not restored 8

A Book of the private Estate The Rejwrt -

With the cancelled Sheet

S

9

10

And

66 15° — 16°

Irish And he acquainted the House, That the Report of the

Forfeitures. Commissioners was signed by Four of them; and was an Index to all the rest of the Books:

That they had the Misfortune, that Three of the Gen- tlemen that acted in the Commission with them;

The Earl of Drogheda, Sir Francis Brczvster, and Sir Richard Lecing, did refuse to sign it ;they having some Objections to 8or g Paragraphs in the Report; and therefore they would not sign, but with a Protestation to those 8 or Nine Paragraphs; but that the Four thought it not proper, that Three should sign to a Protestation against the rest, and so they ordered that Leaf, wherein they were named, to be cut out: And afterwaeds, the Report being made intire, the Four signed and sealed it, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, being a Quorum; and afterwards they desired the Three would do the same; but they refused it;

That they gave them a Day to consider of it; and they attended the Execution; and refused to sign it; and gave their Reasons; a Copy of which also he had ready to deliver in, with the rest, if the House pleased:

As also the Paper which was cut out, with the Earl of Drogheda's Name, and the other Gentlemens.

He also acquainted the House, That the Commissioners had sooner attended this House with their Proceedings in this Matter, their Commission being determined the 25th of October; but that the Matter was of so extraordinary Nature, so long, and so many Difficulties did attend it, that he hoped die Time they had taken, will not be ill construed; for that they lost no Time, they not being, one Hour in a Day, absent from the Duty incumbent on them.

And they hoped, That if any thing should be said to their Prejudice, the House will not harbour an ill Opinion of them; but will hear them: And then they doubted not but to give an Answer to the Satisfaction of the House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Report, being the 10th Book, was read.

And also the Memorial of Three of the Commissioners, and the cut Sheet of Paper, with their Names thereto, were also read.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with a Letter which he had received from those Three Commissioners: And he delivered the same in: and the same was also read.

The Report and Nine Books, are bound up together; and the Copy of the Memorial, the cut Sheet, and Letter to Mr. Speaker, are fixed to the said Report.

Resokcd, Nemine contract, That a Bill be brought in to apply all the forfeited Estates and Interests in and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the 13th day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick: And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Richard

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Harley, Mr. Smith, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Haw, Mr. Davenant, Sir

Shower, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Hayes, or any Five of them, to prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do insert into the said Bill a Clause, or Clauses, for erecting a Judicature for determining Claims touching the said forfeited Estates.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will not receive any Petition from any Person whatsoever, touching the said Grants, or forfeited Estates.

Resolved, That this House will take into Consideration the great Services performed by the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates of Ireland,

A Member Ordered, That Sir Edmund Denton, in Custody of the discharged Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting tody. U8" Himself from his Service m Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. (

Decembris* 1699.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn have Leave to go into the Leave of AV. Country, for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill. sence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Guilford Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election* Borough of Guilford in the County of , be made

upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 16* die Decembris;

11" Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Wardens and Assistants of importing the Company of Worsted Weavers, in the City of Wrought Norwich, and County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, &c*

and others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners trade is very much improved in the Making all Sorts of Stuffs of English Wool, fit for all Sorts of Persons; and met with great Encouragement during the late War, by reason the East India Company did not import so many Indian Commodities as formerly: But now the Petitioners Trade labours under very great Difficulties; and will be in Danger of being lost, unless some Restraint be laid, or Stop put to the Importation or Consumption of the vast Quantities of Wrought Silks, Bengalis, and printed and stained Callicoes, daily imported from India, which are worn instead of our Manufactures: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Mr. Blaithwaite, according to Order, presented to the -Avon Navi-

House a Bill to make the River Avon navigable from 8atiun-Brisloll to Bath: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next

A Petition of Mary Berrington, Aunt and Executrix Army Ar-to John Berrington, late Captain in the Marine Regiment, rean* then commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Torringlon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Captain was killed in his Majesty's Service, in the Sea Fight at Torbay, in 16qo; when there was due to him, for paying his Mens Subsistence, 268/. 135*.; as appeared by a stated Account, under the Hand of Seaborn Buckeridg in 1692, then Agent of the said Regiment; to whom, as well as Mr.

Hurnage the now Agent, the Petitioner has made her constant Application; but cannot receive One Penny Satisfaction, though Mr. Harnage has actually received the Arrears due to the said Regiment: And praying, That he may be obliged to pay her what was due to Captain Berrington.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Mary Oven ton, Widow of Robert - Ditto.

ton, and others, Serjeants of the Regiment of Foot, commanded formerly by Colonel John Hales, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is

Three

h

J

11 W. III. / I

kanfil

"nee.

(Upply.

uilfoid

iecuon

Anny Arrears.

nuaiite

4 c.

Ditto.

Three Years Pay due to the Petitioners from the said Ordered, That‘Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Southampton Colonel, he having received the same; yet refuses to pay Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the "nt* the Petitioners; to their utter Ruin, unless relieved by Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the House: And praying the Assistance of the House the Borough of in the County of South -

therein. . amptonin the room of Sir Bay. Knight, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition deceased, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

llichard Nichols, and others, is referred: And that they A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages, Debtor, do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their in his Majesty's Gaol for the County Palatineof Petition.

Opinion therein, to the House. "was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That thd Petitioners being many in Number, and by A Petition of Susanna Macomtash, Widow, Relict accidental Misfortunes rendered incapable to make their of James Macomtash, was presented to the House, and Creditors Satisfaction; and are become a Burden to the read; setting forth, That, the Petitioner's said late Hus- Country, and their Families chargeable to their respective band served, in all the Wars of Ireland, in the Earl of Parishes; whereas, if the Petitioners had their Liberty,

Meath's Regiment, until he was cut to Pieces on the they could ease those Incumbrances: And praying the

Out G uards of Athlone, for which he had not received One Consideration of the House, so as they may, by some

Penny of Pay: That the said Regiment was afterwards Means or other, be relieved from their Confinement.

made over to Colonel Frederick Hambkton, who has OrdThat the Consideration of the said Petition

received the Arrears due to the said Regiment; but will be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

not pay the Petitioner, who, with Two small Children, the Prisoners in the King's Bench and Fleet is referred.

is reduced to a starving Condition: And praying the

Consideration of the House, of her deplorable Case. Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom Noble'*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Bill to enable Thomas Noble Gentleman to sell the Estate, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of undivided Third Part of the Manor of in the

Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they County of Leicester; and for settling other Lands, an do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their intire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; was Opinion therein, to the House. committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and considered the same; and that all the Persons A Petition of Richard Tinier, and others, Serjeants, concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

in behalf of themselves, and others late of the Regiment Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they had directed

of Foot commanded by the Honourable Colonel Richard him to report the same to the House, w ithout any Coote, formerly by the Right Honourable the Lord Vis- Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the

count Lisborne.,was presented to the House, and read; Clerk's Table.

setting forth, That the said Colonel Coote, refusing to Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. pay them, or state their Accounts of what was due to

them while under the Command of the Lord Lisborne, Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Officerstmder they went to him, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament House a List of all Officers employed under the Crown, the Crown, for stating their Accounts; whose Answer was, lie had and of their Salaries, both those paid out of the Civil and Salaries, nothing to say to them; but, w hen the King did discount List, and out of the Monies appropriated, in a Book; with him, he would discount with them: And though and several Lists; the Titles whereof were read, he hath received great Part of the Money due to the The Book and Lists are in One Book by themselves.

Regiment while he commanded it, yet he will not pay Ordered, That the said Book and Lists, do lie upon

the Petitioners, w ithout this House will oblige him to it: the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, VYat the Consideration of the said Petition Mr. Lowndes also, according to Order, presented to Freight due be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the House an Account of the Freight due to Transport to Trans-Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they Ships. Ports-

do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their And the Title thereof was read.

Opinion therein, to the House. And the Account is as followeth; viz.

To Ships belonging to English, and Foreigners, that were employed in'! transporting Forces, Ammunition, Provisions, Ac. during the late War iiU -Ireland; the Sum of ——

To Ships that were hired in the Year 1693.; the Sum of - 75,552

There is due for Interest of the same, being by Contract to be paid for a}

Month after the Ships were discharged; viz. the 2yth October 1693, to the> 27,954 29th Instant; is Six Years, and Two Months, at 61. per Cent per Annum -)

There is due to Ships that transported the Army, from Holland and Flanders, \ to England, Scotland, and Ireland \the latter End of the Year 1697; andf were discharged in April 1698; and their Accounts adjusted, without Interest, expecting to be paid when the Service was performed; the Sum of - -

L *. d.

- 325,305 13 2

14 11)

1 103,507 5 11

11 0; 1

> 16,224 7 9

£-445,037 6 10

Rye

Harbour.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho are tb consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, free Men, and chief Inhabitants, of the ancient To\yn and Port in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of is the only Harbour for Ships that the English have upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, from the Downes to Portsmouth, Vol. 13.

which is above 100 Miles by Sea: It lies very convenient for Ships sailing from East to West in Stress of Weather; and lies opposite to Diep, and other Ports of France; and Ships of War, of considerable Strength, used to ride there, to hinder French Ships from infesting our Coast; and, besides, the Mouth of the Harbour is but 60 Fathom wide; so that a Fort might he built there, at a small Charge, which will hinder an Enemy from coming to annoy the Ships riding in Rye Harbour: That the Tide used to flow and reflow, near 24 Miles from the said Harbour, up the River Rot her; whereby small Vessels

used

68 16° — i 8* Decenthr 1699*

used to convey the Commodities of several Towns to the Town of Rye; which thereby had a considerable Trade; and the Fishery also was then much better than now: All which Conveniences and Advantages of the said Harbour . are in Danger of being lost, by reason that several Persons, of late Years, have inned several Acres of Land belonging to the said Harbour, and built Flood-gates, and made cross Walls, which hinder the Tide from its usual Flux and Reflux; whereby the Slub is stopped; and Seven Fathom Water, at Low-water Mark, is now brought to 3 Fathom, and yearly grows worse and worse; so that, unless some Care be taken therein, a Ship of Burden will not be able to come into Rye Harbour; And praying, That such Course may be taken for restoring the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness, as shall be thought fit; that so considerable a Harbour for the Benefit of the whole Kingdom may not be lost.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report to the House, by what Means the said Harbour became so obstructed and decayed; and what they conceive is fit to be done in relation to the said Harbour.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr. Stringer,

Mr. Qffley, Mr. Roberts, Sir Joseph Mr. Campion, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Churchill, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Geo. Rook, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Pelham; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Susser, and for the Cinque and Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

L«av« of Ab- Ordered, That Sir Charles Carteret have Leave to go

wnce. into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Mostyn have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. Freke, Mr. England, Sir Fra.

of Privileges. Windham, Sir John Phillips, Sir Robert Sir

John Cotton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. , Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Stringer, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Cor, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Harvey, Sir Jos. Je, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. worth, Mr. How, Mr. , Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Bertie, Sir JVm. Blacket, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ojfley, Mr. , Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Phillips, Mt. Western, Sir Jacob Ashly, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into SuPPbr* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That the Lords of the Admiralty may lay before the House an Account of the Distribution of the Number of Seamen now in Service, the Rates of the Ships, their Stations, and Complements of Men.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account of the Distribution of the Number of Seamen now in Service, the Rates of the Ships, their Stations, and Complements of Men.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee,

That they had directed him to move. That the Lords of the Admiralty may lay before the House a Copy of his Majesty's Order, of the 2<jth Day of May last, relating to Retrenchments in the Establishment of the N avy; and what they have done in pursuance thereof.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Admiralty do lay before this House a Copy of his Majesty's Order, of the 29th Day of May last, relating to Retrenchments in the Establishment of the Navy; and what they have done in pursuance thereof.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee,

That they directed him to move, That the Lords of the Admiralty may lay before the 1 louse an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1700; and of the extraordinary Charges of Repairs necessary to be performed in that Year.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1700; and of the extraordinary Charges of Repairs necessary to be performed in that Year.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Orde* Ordered, That the Order of the 18th of January last,

respecting That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Door-keepers Orders to the Door-keepers and Messengers of the House, of Committee constantly to attend the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges, Elections, and other Committees sitting in the House;

and take care, that no Person do crowd or sit upon the Stairs of the House, either below, or above in the Gallery, where the Members ought to sit; and that such Witnesses as shall be examined at the said Committee do attend in the Lobby; and be called in one by one, and severally examined, and then withdraw, for others to come in, and be examined; and that the Passage be kept clear for that Purpose; be revived; And that the same be a standing Order of the House.

WwVnin»ter Ordered, That a Bill for erecting and establishing a Small Debt*. Court of Conscience within the City of , and

Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

State of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Trade. fog nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and nothing to intervene.

Lunce, 18* die Decembrist li° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

PETITION of Richard Hermeage, and others, Army in behalf of themselves and others, disbanded, and Arrears, lately commanded by the Honourable Colonel Harry Mordant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several Years Arrears of Cloathing due to them, besides great Deductions of Pay; which their Officers detain from them, though they paid several of their Serjeants 50, 48, and 44/. a Man; but will give nothing to Corporals, Drums* and Centinels, on Pretence of Ten Months Pay received by Order of the Lords of the Admiralty, as Marines: And, to defraud tire Petitioners of what is due to them, Mr. Tho.

the Agent of the said Regiment, makes use of several Receipts in full of all Accounts, which they must sign, or receive nothing; and many through Necessity, and others being illiterate, and not knowing what they did, signed the same, by reason of which, the said Agent says, there is nothing due to the Petitioners; though they could never get any Account from him: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

v

May's

Estate.

Excise

Penalties,

Ac.

11W. III. 18° Decembris69

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hughes, and all that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Esser be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas May to sell Lands, in the County of Suffolk, which were settled upon his First and Second Marriage; and to convey other Lands, of a greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; is committed.

Mr. Clark, from the Commissioners of Excise, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of Penalties and Forfeitures received at the Office of Excise for Ten Years last; viz. from Midsummer One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, to Midsummer One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine; and how the same have beeii disposed of: And also,

A State of the several Branches of the Revenue of Excise of Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, how appropriated, for what time granted, and how much were the gross and net Produces of the sairie, severally, for the Year ending at Midsummer One thousand Six hundred

Ninety-nine; together with an Account how the Expences of Management of the respective Branches of the Revenue of Excise are charged: And also,

An Estimate of the gross and net Produces of the several Branches of the Revenue of Excise of Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, from Midsummer 1699, to Michaelmas following: And also,

An Acccount of the Produce of the Malt Duty, and what is now standing out in Arrear, and the Charge of the Management of that Duty.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Accounts, State, and Estimate, are as follow; viz.

The said ACCOUNT of Penalties and Forfeitures, received at the Office of Excise, for Ten Years last; from Midsummer One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, to Midsummer One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine; and how the same have been disposed of.

Fines received. Informers Part. Poors Part. King's Part.

L s. d. 1- S. d. 1- s. d. 1 ts Je

Remaining to balance Four Years Ac- )

counts of Penalties and Forfeitures, ending the 24th of June 1689 - 580 19 6f

Received from 24th June 1689, to the J r

24 June 1699. 1690. 31 7 0 11 10 8 9 15 8 10 08

1691. 146 16 9 73 7 3 34 17 3 38 12 3

1692. 96 0 0 39 3 4 23 18 4 32 18 4

Year ended 24th June - -' 169.3- 249 13 0 139 13 0 24 0 0 86 0 0

1694. 126 ‘9 6 78 11 8 13 7 11 34 19 i»

1695. 414 14 0 180 19 0 81 6 6 152 8 6

1696. 703 19 4 277 3 7 141 6 1 285 9 8

1697. >,495 5 9 609 4 4i 265 11 4f 620 10 of

1698. 642 16 0 322 11 4 0 13 4 319 11 4

s 1699. i,737 2 4f 865 3 6i 18 11 8 853 7 if

1 5,644 13 81 2,597 7 9 613 8 if 3,014 17 4f

Informers Part and Poors Part 3,210 15 lOf

! C 6,225 13 3

By Monies paid for the Charges of passing the Excise Commission, dated the 13th Day of June

696, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated 17th November 1696 - -J 20 0

By Money paid into the Exchequer, as per Tally, dated 11th March 1696 - - - 300 o

By Money paid to the Informers, for their Part ----- -- -2,597 7

By Money paid to the respective Overseers, and Churchwardens, of the Poor, for the Poors Part 613 8

By Money paid into the Exchequer, as per Tally, dated 17th March 1696 - 1,000 o

By Money paid into the Exchequer, as per Tally, dated 24 March 1696 ..... 393 17

By Money paid into the Exchequer, as per Tally, dated 10 December 1697 - - - 500 o

By Money paid into the Exchequer, as per Tally, dated 9th January 1698 - - - - 106 3

By Money paid to Tho. Clement, for discovering a private Still House - - - - 100

d.

o

o

9

if

o

o

o

o

o

By Money remaining to Balance

5,646 15 iof 578 17 4f

C 6,225 13 3

Per John Haines, Clerk to the Register.

Vol. 13.

T

The

The said STATE of the several Branches of the Revenue of Excise.

p

eg'

n'

CD

a cr

o

o

eg

what time granted, and how appropriated;

The hereditary Excise, being 15 per Barrel, on strong Beer and Ale, togetl other Duties upon other Liquors, were granted t2 Car. 2lii, and settled upon the C 1st, The temporary Excise, being 15 d. per Barrel, on strong Beer and Ale, togetl other Duties upon other Liquors, were granted 2* et Maria, for their Lives, Liver of them.

These Two Branches, by an Act 9* and 10" Willi. 3*u, intituled, An Act for granting to

ill o

1699, they did amount to the Sum of

-- — --- 1 ' u mr «---' - — --r -

for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as s voluntarily advance the Sum of j,000, 0001.towards carrying on the War against France; is, the said Act, appropriated to the Payment of Annuities for 99 Years from 25th January 1692: 1 these additional Duties, in the Year ended 24 June 1699, did amount to the Sum of -

3d, Another additional Excise, of 9 d. per Barrel, on strong Beer and Ale, together with sev< other Duties upon other Liquors, were granted by an Act 5® et 6® /Villi, et Maria, intituled, An . for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and ot Liquors, See.; was granted for 16 Years from the 17th May 1697; and is, by the same appropriated to the Payment of the Lottery Tickets: And these Duties, in the Year ended 24 Jt 1699, did amount to the Sum of -

ended 24th June 1699, did amount to the Sum of - -

5th, The Duties upon Low WTines and Sweets, granted by an Act 7® et 8® Willi. 3UI An Act for laying several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction granted for Five Years, commencing from the 25 March 1696; being to enable his ] borrow, upon the Credit of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 70,o< these Duties, in the Year ended the 24th Day of June 1699, did amount to the Sum of

Total of the above-mentioned Duties, in the Year ending 24 June 1699

for . Gross Produce of eat -HU Branch. r. I Drawbacks for Beer :lJ and Spirits exported, I and Allowance for j Overcharges. Charges of Management. Net Produce. Total of the 3 last Columns.

-I ell jest 1 £ s. d. >416,382 9 2 his are me 1 £ * d. I 1,077 8 S* £ * d. 51,486 17 11 £ 3. d. i 363,818 2 6 £ d. i 416,382 9 2

ier' Let for all,) 136,870 18 5i by nd -.j alj ct I 829 13 9 1 16,924 8 4i 119,116 16 3\ 1 136,870 iS 5i

er >143,313 4 3 1 g29 13 9 J 17,721 0 4} 124,762 10 if 143,313 4 3

16 Note. Brandy is at 2+. I per Gall, by this 9 d. and I J but 6 d. per Gall, by each I j} of the other 9 Pences. j p 1 I

b j J if > 136,870 18 5 I ft 1 829 13 9 I 16,924 8 4 119,1-16 16 3| 136,870 18 5

U I f r I J 1

r,) 22,lG3 15 If / 289 5 6} 2,740 12 5} »9,i33 17 if 22,163 15 if

1 855,601 5 5 3>855 15 5^ 105,797 7 7*7 45,948 2 4*[ 8 '55,601 5 5

vj

O

00

9

r

Peter Deane Monteage, Accountant General.

k

Os

VO

Vo

im__________

Reading

Election.

Debtors Petition.

n w. m.

18° Decembris.

The said ESTIMATE of the gross and net Produces of Excise.

71

Gross Produce. Repaid for Beer ancJ Cyder exported. Charges of Management. Net Produce. Trttal of the Three last Columns.

£ s. d. £ S. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. <L

Hereditary and porary Excise tem-) - -( 110,58 3 10 5i 200 11 of 15,685 10 9i 94,697 8 7 110,583 10 5f

Ninepence for Years - - - 1 1 'O 36,197 2 10 63 12 if 5,134 5 6 3°>999 5 2f 36,107 2 10

Lottery Ninepence 39*362 9 6f 63 12 if 5,583 5 6 33,715 11 ioi 39,362 9 6#

Bank Ninepence - - 36,107 2 ioi 63 12 if 5,134 5 6 30,999 5 2 f 36 197 2 lof

Low Wines and Sweets 6,708 4 5* 31 8 8f 951 10 4 5,725 5 5i 6,708 4 5f

£ 229,048 10 2 422 l6 2 32,488 17 7* 196,136 16 4f 229,048 10 2

Per Deane Accountant General.

The said ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Malt Duty, and what is now standing out in Arrear, and the

Charge of the Management of that Duty.

Charge. £. s.

To the gross Produce of the Duty of Malt, in Stock on the 20th of April 1697 - - 160,19s 8 1

To the gross Produce of the said Duty, from the 20th April 1697, to the 24th June 1697 20,515 12 4f

To the gross Produce of the said Duty, from 24th June 1697, to 24th June 1698 - 435,426 10 lif

To the gross Produce of the said Duty, from the 24th June 1698, to 24th June 1699 - 385,794 3 10

" ' - - - ' " - 2,348 8 8*

To the gross ^Produce of the said Duty, from 24th June 1699, to the 20th July 1699

£ 1,004,283 3 11

Discharge.

By Cash paid into the Exchequer from the 20th April 1697, to the 1.3th December 1699,) inclusive ----- ----- - -J

By Discount allowed for prompt Payment of the Duty of Malt, in Stock on the 20th April

1697 :.....*.....S

By Money repaid for Malt exported, and Allowances for Over-charges -By Deficiency in recoining old hammered Silver Coin ——

By Charges of Management ——

By Arrears depending, Bills of Exchange unpaid, &c.

Which evens the Charge -

£ d. 867,380 1 9

6,424 10 6

14,452 7 81

20,802 14 10 46,666 13 4

955,726 8 if 48,556 15

£ 1,004,2 83 3 11

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts, Stale, and Estimate, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Reading in the County of be made

Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the many Prisoners in the County Prisons of England, particularly in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by Losses and Misfortunes, are detained in Prison for Ten times more than they owe, by the Contrivance of ill Attorneys, holding them to excessive Bail, and by outlawing them without Notice, to their utter Ruin; against which there is no Redress, but by a Suit at Law, which poor Prisoners are no ways able to undergo: That, by the late Composition Act, many hundred Prisoners in and about London were discharged; but the Prisoners in remote Parts did not know of the said Act, till the Time therein limited was past: So that the Petitioners are without Remedy, reduced to great Want, without the Relief of this JUouse: And praying, That Consideration may he had of their deplorable Condition: and some Remedy may be found out for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of VOL 13.

Per Deane Monteage, Accountant General*

the Prisoners in the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet is referred.

A Petition of Sir Chat'les Bickerst Proposer of the Land

Kentish Land Lottery: JohnJVarkhouse, Robert Doughty, Lotter‘e3* Thomas Gratwick, Esquires, Proposers of the Norfolk Land lottery; Henry Cotigno Gentleman, and others,

Trustees for the Hornsey Land Lottery; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Lotteries wrere not set on foot for any private Advantage to any particular Person, but to accommodate the Necessities of the several Families concerned, and to discharge several Debts, which cannot be otherwise discharged, but by intire Sale of the whole Estates; and that the Persons concerned have been at great Charges, and made considerable Progress therein, but have no time to perfect the Drawing* within the time limited by the late Act for suppressing Lotteries: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for allowing them to complete and draw the said Lotteries.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and they to examine the Matter, and report to the House their Opinion thereupon;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas } 63-

Teller, for the No} 75

So it passed in the Negative,

12 Resolved,

72

18 ° Decemb.

A. 1699.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Jenkins, in Custody of the Serjeant discharged at Arms attending tin's House, for absenting himself from irom his Service ih Parliament, be discharged out of Custody,

paying his Fees.

Custody.

Justices of Peace Qualifications.

Seamen's

Arrears.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace: And that Mr. Topham and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of George Richardson, and others, on behalf t>f themselves and several Thousand Mariners belonging to his Majesty's Navy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners served in the Navy many Years; but are kept out of their Pay, upon Pretence of Q's and IPs being set upon their Names in the Navy Books; and, though they petitioned and solicited all probable Ways to recover their Wages, they have met with no Redress; to their great Discouragement, and utter Ruin: And praying the Consideration of the House thereof; and that they may have such Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Rook, Sir Shoved, Colonel Granville, Sir Win. Mr.

Sargison, Sir Isaac Rebate , Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Hayes, Mr. MMr. Henley, Mr. *, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Horn, Mr. Mr.

Papilkm, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir James Hublon, Mr.

Hysham, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bridges, Sir Sam. nardiston, Colonel I Char ton, Mr. Bn gland. Sir Rowland Gwynne; and all that serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have an especial Regard to the Discipline of the Navy: And that the Committee have Power to send for Persons and Papers.

Sir George Rook, from the Lords of the Admiralty, ac- Seamen now cording to Order, presented to the House an Account of iu Service, the Distribution of the Number of Seamen now in Service; the Rates of their Ships; their Sations, and Complements of Men; besides the Ships ordered to be paid off, and laid up: And also,

A Copy of his Majesty's Order of the 29th of May last, reluting to Retrenchments in the Establishment of the Navy: And also,

A Memorial concerning Retrenchments in the Navy, in pursuance of his Majesty's Order of the 29th of May 1699: And also,

A Memorial about the Double and Half-pay for the Officers of his Majesty's Meet, in pursuance of his Majesty's Order of the 29th of May 1699: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1700; and of the extraordinary Charges of Repairs necessary to be performed in that Year.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Account, Order, Memorial, and Estimate, are as follow; viz.

Admiralty Office, 18 December 99.

The said A C C O U NT of the Distribution of the Number of Seamen now in Service; the Rates of their Ships; their Stations, and Complements of Men; besides the Ships ordered to be paid off, and laid up.

Rates.

3 -

Sloop -5 - -

Complement ot Men.

Sloops

Advice Boat 6 - -

Yachts - -

Store Ships

Yacht - -6 - *

Yachts -

f Suffolk -

j Expedition - -

\ Kent - -

£ Revenge - - -Carlisle -

Plymouth - -Salisbury -

Severne -Worcester - -

Windsor - - -Blackwell-Hall -\S Bridgwater - -Love - -

1 Swan - - - -^Solebay - - -Bonetta - - -Shark - - - -Prohibition - -Merlin - - -Swallow - - -Swift - - - -Wolf - - - -Express - - -Flatnbrough - -f Soesdyke - - -(Charlotte - - -f Katherine - -1 Canterbury - -Isabella - - -Seaford - .* "Isle of Wight -William and Mary Fubbs Henrietta Mary -

m

Katherine

(Mary - 'Mountague (llomney -

Stations, or where at present.

At Spithca

A Tender on the Ships at Spithead.

Cruising on the Coast of Ireland, to prevent the Exportation of Wool.

Attend the Lords Justices Orders on the Coast of Ireland.

Attend the Commissioners of the Navy)r0iiow tKe Navy Board's TransportTimber and Stores from Place ? q rcjers to Place. '

Attends on Jersey.

Attends on Guernsey.

Attends on the Isle of Wight.

Go to and again between England, and Holland, and France.

Guard-ships at Chatham.

Rates.

II W. III.

18° Decembris.

'Wffien |$f 1 Service.

73

Rates.

Ships Names.

5 - -

fireship

Complement of Men.

Stations, or where at present.

5 - -4 - -

5 -

ffeversham - -

£ Winchelsea -

Griffin - -

Ships going abroad.

(Advice -

I Portland - -

Mary Gaily - -Crowne - -

f Betty -

Shoreham

A -

5 - -

4 - -

5 -

6 -

Brigantine

4 -

5 -

6 -

4 -

5 -

6 - -

5 -

6 - -

5 - -

6 - -

Advice Boat

5 -

6 - -

Pink

5 - -

6 - -

5 - -

6 - -

ol

5

115

Poole -

Ships now abroad. Hampshire - -

Lowstaff - -Winchester -CAdventure Rye - - -Lyme - - -f Pensance - -

Dunwich - -

Spye -

f Harwich - -

[ Anglesea - -

Hastings - -Lizard -Gloucester -{Falmouth - -

Linn -

Germoon Prize -. Ludlow -South Sea Castle Biddiford - - -I Margate -

Arundell - -

Newport - -

Messenger Dolphin - -I Roebuck - -

Rupert Prize -Paramour - -

Saudados Prize -Maidstone Speedwell - -

iQueenborough I Essex Prize -

Guard-ships at Plymou. Gniafd-ship at Sheetiiesse.

Going to New England, to fetch home Captain Kidd.

Ordered to be fitted for a Voyage to New

England.

&£»L} 0ntered "the Camr*s-

Ordered to Jamaica, and from thence to Virginea, to attend' there.

Plymouth, going to cruize off the Capede Verd Islands.

Gone up the Streighis, with the Trade from Neufoundiand.

Cruising oft' the Cape de Verd Islands.

Cruising against the Sally Rovers.

Plymouth, ordered to join the Ships cruising against the Sally Rovers.

In the East Indies.

y

West India Squadron, ordered home

Attends on Barbados -

Attend on Jamaica

Attends on the Leeward Islands -

Attend on New England and New York

Attends on Maryland -

On particular Services -

In the West Indies, and attending the Plantations.

At Jamaica

At Barbados -At Leeward Islands

At Virginea

lands

Ordered home

8,510

Memorandum, That when the Ships of the growing Charge at Portsmouth shall be paid off, which now do the Duty of Guard-ships, there must be Three Guard-ships at Portsmouth of 8o Men each; and there must also be a 3d Ship of the 5th Rate fitted for Newfoundland of 115 Men; so that then the whole Number will be Eight thousand Eight hundred Sixty-five Men. j

Havenham, G. Rook.

D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill.

Navy Iista-filislimept

The said Copy of his Majesty's Order of the 29th of May last, relating to Retrenchments in the Establishment of the Navy;

My Lords, Whitehall, 29th May 1699.

His Majesty commands me to acquaint you, That he would have you take into Consideration, and lay before him, what you think may be conveniently retrenched from the present Charge of the Navy; and particularly that you apply yourselves to consider what relates to Half-pay, or double Half-pay, pretended to by the Officers of the Fleet in time of Peace; and how far the same may be fit to be continued. I am, my Lords,

Your Lordships most faithful humble Servant,

A true Copy. Ja. Vernon.

J. Burchett,

Vo l. 13.

The said Memorial concerning Retrenchments in the Navy, pursuant to his Majesty's Order of the 29th of May 1699.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England.

Memorial for their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

His Majesty's Pleasure having been signified to us, by the Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Vernon, the 29th of May last, that we should consider, and lay before his Majesty, what we think may be most conveniently retrenched from the present Charge of the Navy; and that we should particularly consider what relates to Half-pay, and the double Half-pay, pretended to by the Officers of the Fleet in time of Peace; and bow far tire same may be fit to be continued: And their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

U having

0

18 Decetnbris* A. 1699.

Kavy Esta* yUbmcaU

having lately signified their Pleasure to us, That, in pursuance of his Majesty's said Commands, we should consider of and prepare a Scheme to be laid before them, for lessening the Expences of the several Branches of the Navy: We do humbly report to their Excellencies, in the following Method, what we have already ordered to be retrenched since his Majesty's Pleasure was signified to us; and what other Heads have fallen under our Con- ' sideration for Retrenchments; Which we most humbly expect their Excellencies Directions in; viz.

We did, in the first Place, give Orders for discharging the Muster-masters at Yai'mouth and , whose

Salaries together amounted to 1.50 /. per Annum.

We have ordered ttye Navy Board to cause all possible Dispatch to be made, in the Finishing the new 5th Rate building at Kinsale; and that, so soon as the same is done, not only the Officers and Workmen now in Pay there be retrenched, but the Yards also, and Houses hired therein on occasion of the War, and the Hulks, Transport Vessels, and Stores brought away, and only the Person continued there, who now serves as Store-keeper and Clerk of the Cheque, to look after the King's Yard and Houses, and muster the Ships, which shall have Occasion, from time to time, to come to that Port; whereby the yearly Charge of about 1,500l. will be saved.

And, in regard it is intended the Squadron now in the Streights shall be called home, Orders will be given for sending from thence the Officers belonging to One of the Two Hulks, which Hulks are to be left with the Officers only of One, to do what is necessary for cleaning and careening the Squadron going against Sally; so that the yearly charge of 138/. will by this means be retrenched.

The Solicitor for the Affairs of this and the Navy Office having had 100l. a Year during the War, that Salary is retrenched; and he is to do the Duty of his Place for his Fees only.

As for the Charge, which his Majesty has been at upon account of the Officers, for managing the Affairs of the Register, and Sick and Wounded, we have ordered the Navy Board, according to their own Proposals, to cause the same to be performed by Members of their Board, not charged with any particular Branch of the Business of their Office, and the like Directions will be given for the carrying on by those Gentlemen the Business for collecting the Sixpences, according to Act of Parliament, from Seamen, towards maintaining the Hospital at;

by which Retrenchment, including the Instruments necessary to assist the Commissioners appointed for this Service, his Majesty will be eased of the Charge of more than 2,000 /. per Annum.

Having thus laid before their Excellencies the several Particulars, which we have already ordered to be retrenched for easing the growing Charge, which amounts to near 4,000l. per Annum, we pray Leave humbly to inentiotv some other Heads, which have been proposed by the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy for Retrenchments, together with our Observations thereon; viz.

1st. That of Secretary to the Fleet, in regard every Admiral,... is presumed, may reasonably expect to have the Choice of his own Secretary. Upon this Head, wc pray Leave to inform their Excellencies, That this standing Office of Secretary to the Fleet was approved of, and directed by his Majesty, and accordingly he was established, as well for Peace as War, at the Allowance of 450 /. per Annum for himself and Clerk: The then Board of Admiralty did think it advisable to recommend such an Officer, in regard not only of the Trust incident to the Employment, but that they might have more particular Accounts of all Transactions in the Fleet; and in regard it has heretofore happened, as possibly it may hereafter, that the Choice of such an Officer by the Admiral may sufficiently shew what Caution ought to be taken who is admitted to that Trust; and that the Expence thereof has often amounted, during the late War, to as much, or more than the Allowance to the present Officers: It is therefore most humbly submitted to their Excellencies,

whether this Office shall be retrenched, or continued as it is.

2. There is an Officer, who has, during the late War, and still does enjoy the Salary of 200l. per Annum, upon account of building Bomb Vessels for his Majesty; and though the Want of such an Officer may, at this time, in our humble Opinion, be dispensed with; yet, in regard he was appointed by his Majesty's special Warrant, we do humbly submit it to their Excellencies.

3. Another Person has, for many Years, enjoyed the Salary of 50/. per Annum, as Surveyor of the Woods in New England: His Business is, as he informs us, the Taking Care to preserve the Trees in those Parts fit for Masts; and he says, That in doing it, he yearly expends the Moiety of his Salary. The Navy Board acquaint us, That they do not remember any Benefit has accrued to the Navy by the Service of this Person; wherefore we shall only inform their Excellencies, That he holds his Employment under the Great Seal, and submit his Case to their Excellencies Pleasure.

4. As to what relates to the Sea Officers their being allowed double Pay while at Sea, and Half-pay on Shore, we have had under our Consideration what Alterations or Retrenchments may be made in that Particular; but it being a matter of such Consequence, as requires a very mature Consideration, !>efore any Opinion be given concerning the same, we shall accordingly weigh every particular Circumstance relating the reunto, with respect not only to the Good of the Service, but the comfortable Support of the Officers; and give their Excellencies our Opinion upon the Whole as soon as possibly may be.

And having thus laid before their Excellencies, not only the several Particulars already retrenched by us, but those also which have been offered to us for Retrenchments, with our Observations thereon, we pray Leave further to observe, That notwithstanding what has been, since the War, retrenched by the late Board, what has further been done therein by us, and what other Methods ought to be taken, for easing the present Charge, as far as it may consist with the Good of his Majesty's Service, the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy have represented to us the Evils, which attend the Taking off the Assistants to the Surveyor, Clerk of the Acts, and Comptroller of the Victualling Accounts, as also the Reduction of the Salaries to the chief Clerks in the Ticket Office; inso much that they acquaint us, they should think it unanswerable in them, did they not represent it to us as a Retrenchment wholly unsafe for his Majesty both in his Service and Treasure, and for them in their Management thereof, while assisted by Persons labouring under Salaries so little adequate to the Trusts committed to them, or the Qualifications fitting them for the same: Whereupon we did, some Days since, direct those Gentlemen, That, in case their present Instructions were not sufficient to enable them effectually to carry on his Majesty's Service, they should propose unto us what they thought proper, with respect to the Adding no greater Charge to the Navy than was absolutely necessary; and they having thereupon recommended to us the Continuance of the Second Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy at 150 /. per Annum, and the Assistants to the Clerk of the Acts and Comptroller of the Victualling at 300 /. per Annum each; as also the Salaries of the chief Clerk to the Comptroller of the Navy in the Business of Wages, and the Two chief Clerks of the Ticket Office, at 200l. per Annum each; we thought it our Duty humbly to acquaint their Excellencies, That, upon Consideration of the great Increase of Business in the late War, it was, on the repeated Instances of the Navy Board, thought for the Service to appoint Two Assistants to the Surveyor of the Navy, and to increase the Salary of the Comptroller's chief Clerk, and to the Two chief Clerks to the Ticket Office, that of the Assistant to the Clerk of the Acts having been an Office at the Salary of 300l. per Annum, as well before as during the whole Time of the late War: But, in regard the former Board did think it necessary intirely to reduce the aforesaid Assistants, and to retrench the Salaries of the

Thre«

11 W. III.

18° Decembris.

Three Clerks; and the Navy Board have since, in so pressing a manner, represented the Inconveniencies thereof, and the Necessity there is of restoring both the one and the other, we do most humbly report our Opinion to their Excellencies, That, in regard those Gentlemen are, by daily Experience, the most proper Judges what Assistance is wanting, to enable them to carry on the Business of their Office to the Advantage of his Majesty's Service, we cannot do otherwise than advise the restoring the afore-mentioned Officers, and the Salaries to the Clerks, lest otherwise the Discipline and Oeconomy of the Navy be. subjected to the Inconveniencies those Gentlemen are apprehensive of: We do most humbly submit the same to their Excellencies, for such Directions therein as their Excellencies shall think fit Dated at the Admiralty Office this 27th July 1699.

75

The whole Pay now

18 Dec. 1699.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

Captains of Rates -

5 ....

6 ....

Lieutenants of First Rates - -

Second - -

Third - - -Fourth - - - > -

Fifth - -Sixth - -

Masters of First Rates - -Second - -O. Kooke, Third - -

D. Mitchell Fourth -

Filth - -

Sixth - -

Surgeons to have their present Allowance of Sea Pay. By which their Excellencies will perceive, That near a Third Part of the present Double Pay to these Officers will be retrenched.

Having thus laid before their Excellencies our Opinion, relating to the Sea Pay of the Officers of the Fleet, we think it our Duty humbly to offer, That it will be much for his Majesty's Service, and for the safety of the King- doin, to have always a competent Number of experienced

i allowed " (. per diem. proposed per diem.

C s. £ s. d.

- 0 15 0 0 10 0

080

- 0 10 0 060

- 0 6 0 050

- 0 6 0 050

- 0 5 0 040

- 0 5 0 040

- 0 5 0 040

- 0 5 0 040

per mensem. per mensem-

- 14 0 0 920

12 12 0 880

-974 660

- 8 12 4 5 12 0

- 7 15 0 528

- 6 12 0 4 13 4

The said Memorial about the Double and Half-pay for the Officers of his Majesty's Fleet, in pursuance of his Majesty's Order of the 29th of May 1699.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Admiral of England\&c.

Memorial for their Excellencies the Lord Justices in Council.

His Majesty having been pleased by his Order in.

Council, dated the 22d February 169$. to establish Double Pay on the Flag Officers," Commanders, Lieu- Sea Officers supported on Shore, who may be within tenants, Masters, and Surgeons, of his Majesty's Ships Reach to answer any sudden or emergent Occasion; and of War, during their being in Service at Sea, and Half therefore do humbly propose the Number of Flag Of-of the said Pay in the time of Peace at Home, to the ficers, Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters following to Flag Officers, and Commanders of Ships, of the 1st, 2d, be always supported on Shore while out of Employment*

~ by the Allowances against their Names expressed.

per diem.

2

8

tfi

'O'

tuc

CO

3d, 4, and 5th Rates, and of Fire Ships; as also to the First Lieutenants, and the Masters of the 1st, 2, and 3d Rates, who should serve and perform their respective Duties as is required by the said Establishment: And his Majesty's Pleasure having been signified to this Board the 2Qth of May last, by the Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Vernon, That we should take into Consideration, and lay before his Majesty, what might conveniently be retrenched from the present Charge of the Navy; and that particularly we should apply ourselves to consider what relates to the before-mentioned Double Pay and Halt-pay; and how far the same may be fit to be continued: We, having already reported to their Excellencies, what Retrenchments have been made in the Charge of the Navy at pgj. since the Close of the War, do humbly refer their Ex- Lieutenants 1 cellencies thereunto for Answer to his Majesty's Pleasure yyar signified in the first Part of Mr. Secretary's aforesaid '

Letter.

As for the other Part thereof, which relates to the

2

1

1

o

s.

10

15

15

5

17

'One Admiral of the Fleet, at -One Admiral of the White, at One Admiral of the Blue, at -Three Vice Admirals, each at -Three Rear Admirals, each at -The First Captain to the Admiral the Fleet, at ——

Captains 50: Who have served during the late War, according to their Seniorities from the Dates of their First Commissions; viz.Twenty of them at 10s. and Thirty

d.

o

o

o

o

6

o 17 6

100: Who have served during the late according to their Seniorities from the Dates of their First Commissions; viz.40 at 2 6d. and Sixty at Two Shillings per diem.

Masters 30: Who have served during the late War,

Double Pay of the Officers at Sea, and Half-pay while according to their Seniority from the Dates of their First

out of Employment on Shore, we have had that Matter under mature Consideration; and do humbly propose to their Excellencies, That, in case the present Pay, which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to establish on them for their Encouragement and Support, shall be thought too great, the following Allowances may be made them; viz.

The Admiral of the Fleet -White -Blue -Vice Admirals -

Captain to the Admiral of the Fleet Captains of 1st Rates - -

2 -....

3d....

Vo l. 13.

J* The who »le Pay now allowed proposed

£ per diem. per diem.

L- s. a. £. s. d.

0‘ 00 .500

400 3 10 0

400 3 10 0

3 00 2 10 0

2 00 1 15 0

2 00 1 15 0

1 10 0 1 0 0

1 40 0 16 0

1 00 0 13 6

Warrants; viz.Fifteen of them at is. 6d. and Fifteen

at 2 s.per diem.

The whole Charge whereof amounting but to 18,113/.

per Annum more than Half of what was allowed by the former Establishment, according to the Estimates made thereof, will be saved to his Majesty.

It is further humbly proposed,

1st, That this Allowance to the said Officers for their Support on Shore, be placed in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, and paid quarterly, by Bills to be signed for the same by the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, according to such Orders as they shall, from time to time, receive, on that behalf, ..... the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being; and not only this Allowance, but also the Sea Pay, may commence from the First day of this present October.

2dly, That the Officers to receive the Benefit of this Allowance on Shore, shall be only such as to the Flag Officers, Captains, and Lieutenants, who have, or shall be commissioned, by the Lord High Admiral of

or

Navy Establishment.

?6

18° Decembris.

A. 1699.

Navy T!*ta-bUshment.

The $aid Estimate of the Charge of thte Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1700.

Lords of the Admiralty, C0ttimi3-~| sioners of the Navy, ^ith their SeCre- I £. s. j. taries, Officers, Clerks, arid Itistru- > 25,610 17 8

merits, Rents of the Offices, arid Con- I

or the Lords Commissioners for executing that Office; and, as to the Masters, such who have, or shall be warranted, by the principal Officers of the Navy, or such Flag Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters, as have, or shall be appointed by the Admirals, Commanders in Chief, or others abroad; and shall have their Coni- ,

missions Or Warrants confirmed by the Lord High Ad- tingencies relating thereto -

miral, the Lords Commissioners for executing that Half-pays to Sea Officere, accord- Office, or the principal Officers and Commissioners of ing to the Establishment on that be- > the Navy, respectively. half ----- --- -J

3dly, That no Officer be intitled to tins Allowance on Pensions to the Superannuated Sea,) Shore, who shall absent himself from his Majesty's Service Officers, and to the Widows of others J

35,614 16 11

10,940 14

Yards, (

Chatham -Deptford -Woolwich -Portsmouth

Shecrnesse -

Plymouth - Kinsale

Muster Masters, and other Officers > of the Out Ports ----- - y

3,247

2,836

2,266

3,281

L557 2,160 885

s.

o

8

2

16

19

18

0

d.

61

10

2

3

11 11

o

without the Permission of the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commissioners for executing, that Office, or that shall be dismissed therefrom for any Misdemeanor, either by the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or by Sentence of a Court Martial; or who shall not behave himself to the full Satisfaction of the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty aforesaid.

4thly, That no Officer whatsoever, who shall have Leave to be absent, be intitled to the Benefit of this Allowance, in case, during the time of his Absence, he Wages to Ships and Vessels in or->

shall be employed in Merchants Service, or otherwise, so dinary.....-y 34,9°

as to be out of his Majesty's Dominions, and thereby Victuals for ditto -

rendered unable to attend his Majesty's Service, when Charge of Harbour Moorings

summoned thereunto. . Ordinary Repairs of the Ships in 1*1

Stilly, That no Officer be intitled to tins Allowance Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, during the time he shall enjoy the Benefit of any publick 'Employment.

6. "

16,235 6 7

1,219 o 0

9 o

That the Flag Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters, who shall have this Allowance, shall, at all times be ready to obey such Orders as they shall receive from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing that Office, for the Time being; to which End they are to transmit an Account, from time to time, to the Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of the Places of their respective Habitations, that so, when his Majesty's Service requires their Attendance, they may be the more readily called thereunto.

7. And whereas it may be thought necessary for the Service, That not only some of the Flag Officers, but also* of the Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters, intitled to1 this Allowance, should reside near his Majesty's respective Yards, tb assist in the Fitting out of his Majesty's Ships, or doing any other Service; the said Flag Officers, as well as the Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters, shall be obliged to reside at such Place or

Storehouses, &c. ----- -k Charge of the Office for Registring of Seamen, and taking care of such as are sick or wounded - - - -yj

14,937

45,156

12

9

6

2

35,333 11 o

26,712 10 o

Total - - - 246,069 7 t

An Estimate of the Charge of the extraordinary Works necessary to be performed in his Majesty's Navy the ensuing Year for which no Provision is made, either by the ordinary Estimate, or the Estimate of Wear and Tear of the Ships at Sea.

For rebuilding and repairing as£. s. d. many of his Majesty's Ships in Har- I hour, as can conveniently be rebuilt I and repaired the next Year, and com- f 91,782 o o pleting, and laying apart their Rigging, Furniture, and Stores, the Sum of.....,

'J «/ A

quired from them.

8. After the First Settlement of Officers for this Allowance, when any of them shall die, or that it shall be found necessary for the Service to employ any of them at Sea, whether Captains, Lieutenants, or Masters, the same Number of like Officers, who have the next Right thereunto by Seniority, with respect to the Dates of their First Commissions or Warrants, are to be admitted to the said Allowance in their room, so long as they shall be in Service; which Officers, so in Sea Pay, shall return again to the said Allowance so soon as discharged, and those

Places as the Lotti HSh Admiral, or Lords Commis- newwh'triing the West Dock

u u 11 r - .: at Deptford, cleaning the same, and I

rf y' shall, front tune to ttme d.reet; maki, VUl fixing anew Pair of Gates I and diligently to perform all such Seraces as shall be re- thereto°. as als0Tor carrying a Wharf (

at further out into the River I

for enlarging the said Y ard, the Sum of J

For taking down, and rebuilding,!

the old Mast-house at , j

which is fallen to Decay, and making I

Rooms for the Sail Makers and /

Joiners to work in, together with a

Mould Loft, the Sum of - -

For removing the Soil and deepen- -»

ing the River at Chatham before the I

. . , Docks, for the more easy and safe

put m their room are then to have no longer the said docki() and undockin, his Majesty's f

Allowance, unless any of them shall have a present Claim the Sum of - - - -J

thereunto by the Death or Removal of some one or more F‘ '

of those Officers who preceded them; that so the Persons Total

who shall, from time to time, enjoy this Benefit, may be Ch of the Ordinary of the Nav constantly such Officers out of Employment as have a b J

fair Pretension thereunto by their Seniority as aforesaid; and, according to their Seniority, they are to have the Benefit either of the greater or lesser Allowance, not only at the First Settlement thereof on them, but as Opportunities shall happen of placing others, either by Death or otherwise, which is most humbly submitted.

Admiralty Office, J. Bridgwater,

18 December 1699* Rooke,

A true Copy, D, Mitchell.

J. Burchett.

5,672 0 o

2,429 o d

2,500

- 102,383 0 0

T 246,069 7,

£ 348,452 7 1

J.

Uavcrsham, D. Afitchell,

G. Rooke, Geo. Churchill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account, Estimate, Order, and Memorials, be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

7 Orderedf

i IW. lit. r8° Decembris. 77

Ordered, That Mr. Blathxoait do lay before this House though within the Liberties; That he never knew the an Account of such Persons who had Half-pay, who said Peters prosecuted for following his Trade, not being have been otherwise provided for by his Majesty. a Freeman; but said, Tl>at Peters never pretended to

vote at this, or any former Election. bniMford Sir Rowland Gwynn, according to Order, reported, said, That John Tidy served his

Election. from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Apprenticeship with him in it was before

Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee touching he was a Freeholder.

the Election for the Borough of Guildford in the County Mr. Child said, That Daniel Green served his Father, of Surry; and the Resolution of the Committee, there- who lives in the Heart of the Town; but does not pre-upon; which they had directed him to report to the tend to be free, nor ever offered to be polled.

House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards de- That then the Sitting Members Counsefcalled livered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was Mr. John Wight, who has been Recorder 24 Tears; read; and is as followeth; viz. that had been Mayor, and lived at Guild-

Upon the Petition of John Weston Esquire, complain- 50 Years; and ing of an undue Election, and Return of Foot Ons- Mr. Child the Town Clerk. law Esquire, to serve for the Borough: The Recorder said, They had a Prescription of Ap-

That, upon the Polls, the Numbers were, propriation of Trade against Foreigners; and it had

For Mr. Weston - - - . - 114 been allowed, and Judgment given for it upon a De-

For Mr. Ovslauo - - - - 108 murrer: And they all Three agreed. That serving with

So that the Petitioner having the Majority of the Poll, a Non-freeman would not intitle to a Freedom; and

it rested upon the Sitting Member to justify his Return. when such have polled, they have been always put down

And, to that End and Purpose, the Sitting Member s with a Query, but never allowed.

Counsel took Exception to Eleven of the Persons that That the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That they would voted for the Petitioner; vis.John Betts, Joseph Caw- justify their own Votes; and excepted to Sixteen that per, Emery Parker, Jonas Christmas, Henry Catten, voted for the Sitting Member.

Geo. Stanton, George Lyne, Robert Gates, James LyneThat, as to John , the Counsel produced the In-John Tidy, Daniel Green: denture by which Betts was bound to James May,

That the Right was agreed to be in the Freemen and which was for Seven Years; and called again James Freeholders resient in the Borough, paying Scot May, who gave Evidence to the Effect, as when first and Lot. examined.

That, to make out the Sitting Member's Exceptions, That, as to Emery Parker, William Necill said, That the Counsel called. he had gone the Bounds of the Town; and that they

James May: Who said, He was a Shoemaker; and bounded Emery Parker's House within the Town; that Betts was only bound to him under a Colour to be the Mayor of the Town commands this House towards made free of the Town; and that his Indentures were the Watch for the Borough; but said, He did not know sealed Two Years after the Date; and that Betts lived that the Mayor used to carry his Mace to this House, or with.his Mother alter he was bound, and used the Trade that any used to vote for this House, of a Barber; though May acknowledged, That during Mr. produced an Indenture 10th

the time he was bound, he had the Benefit of his Service Sept. 41 Elis, which he said he found among Emery for about a Year and half. Porter's Writings, wherein this House is mentioned to

That, as to Joseph Cooper, Geo. Hoggsjlesh said. That be within Guilds ord. the said Coze per was Apprentice to John Ttdy; and that Richard Goodyear said, That Henry Catten had paid John Tidy wa6 Apprentice to him the said Hoggs/lesh;to the Poor for about Ten Year; but that the said Catten and he could not reckon himself a Freeman, he having was seldom at home, and so the said Goodyear had paid been refused his Poll till he had bought a Freehold; and for him: That, as to the particular Book which he paid Tidy served him before the said Purchase: That Geo. for the said Catten, the said Catten gave him Orders 90 Hoggs/lesh himself served his Apprenticeship with his to do, he owing him Money for Work; but Catten has own Father, who served in London. paid before and since; but that did not appear by the

Mr. Leonard Child, Town Clerk, said, That Emery Books,

Parker did not live within the Liberties of the Borough; That, as to the Objection made to Seven, That they for that his House stands in a Part of the Parish of the had not served their Apprenticeships to Freemen;

Holy Trinity, that is out of the Borough: That in 1689, Thomas Hoggs/lesh said, That Tidy was Appren-he was polled with a Query; and at Mr. Westons EJec- ticeto George Hoggsflesh his Brother, who uses the Trade tion before, he was scratched out by one of Mr. Westons of a Taylor, and paid Scotland Lot; and has polled for own Friends. 20 Years, and never knew him interrupted till now;

Samuel Smalpeice said, That he was Overseer of the and that his Brother was made free by his Father's Copy,

Poor in 1698; and that Jonas Christmas did not pay to who was a Freeman.

the Second Book for that Year; nor did pay to the Win- But George Hogg flesh, his Brother, confronting him, dow Tax or Poll Tax, but acknowledged, That the said said, That his Poll had been refused twice as ner Freeman, Christmas was charged to the Poor 1 s.; which he de- and did not remember that he had ever polled; and said, ducted, when he paid the said Christmas for making a He did not know whether his Father was a Freeman or Parish Bov's Cloaths. no; but he is certain his Grandfather is not

James /Burt said, That he was Collector for the Poor Tydy said, That Mr. Onsloxv, in this Election, sent to in 98; and that Henry Catten was charged to the Poor him for his Vote; that he has served Seven Years Ap*

5 d. a Month for that Year; and that Mr. Goodyear paid prenticeship, and polled for Twenty Years, for Henry Catten what the said Catten was charged in the Mr. Child produced Daniel Green's Indenture.

Second Book for that Year; but could not tell for what That the Petitioner's Counsel then excepted to Sixteen

Reason Goodyear paid for him; and he never demanded that Voted for the Sitting Member, Mr. Onshtv; viz. Mr. the Tax of Catten. Burt further said, That Henry Cat- Pigott, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

ten was excused from the Window Tax, by reason of his Sam. Barton, John Stoner, as not paying Scotland Lot;

Poverty; and is not charged to the Poor this Year. Thomas Hiller, Tho. Roberts, Daniel Hall, John Mutford,

Thomas Burchard and Mr. Child said. That Robert Tho. Thatcher, Nath. Prior, John Burt, Wm.

Peters Was no Freeman; and that George Stanton, Geo. son, Robert Williamson, Richard Chester, being neither Lyne, Robert Gates, and James Lyne, were Apprentices Freemen nor Freeholders, to the said Peters; but Peters and the said Four Persons But as to John Stoner, Nath. Prior, and Richard

excepted to, did use Trades in Guildford: And Mr. Child ter, they were afterwards given up by the Petitioner's said, That Peters exercised his Trade in a Back-yard, Counsel, when they came to give their Evidence.

Vol. 13. X Samuel

Guildford

Llecuon.

78 18° Decembris. 1699.

Samuel Smatpelce delivered in the Book of Rates for the Poor in the Year 1698.

John Betti' said, Mr. Pigott did not pay in 1698, till Idler the Election, nor was in the Poors Book.

That Samuel Barton is not in the Poors Book at all. Burchard said, That Mr. Vernon was never in the Poors Book, he being Minister; and it is not usual to charge the Minister to the Poor.

That Goodyear did not pay to Church and Poor; but

the said Goodyear lived in another Parish.

Matth. Weston produced the Poors Book for St.

lai Parish in the Year 1698.

John Westbrook said, That John his Father,

who voted for Mr. Onslmc, his Name was not-in the Poors Book; and that himself had paid all Dues for Three Years, and he had kept his Father all the while; and that he had paid for the Estate, but it was not made over to him by Conveyance in Form.

But, upon inspecting the Books, John and

John Westbrook junior, were both charged in the Poors Books.

Richard Goodyear said, That Daniel Hall served his Time at Darking, but had lived at Guildford 18 or 20

Years.

Joseph Benbrigg said, That Thomas Roberts served Mr. Neeves, a Foreigner.

That Thomas Hitler has not been suffered to poll these 20 Years, but with a Query, having served his Time in

London, and therefore objected to as no Freeman.

That John Mulford, though a Mason, and has lived at Guildford Ten Years, has been always objected to for the same Reason.

That Thomas Thatcher has not been admitted to poll these 20 Years for the same Reason.

That John Burt, though he believes he may have traded in Guildford Twenty Years, was never allowed to be a Freeman.

_ That Wm. Williamson is no Freeman, having served his Apprenticeship with his Father, who was no Free* man.

That Robert Wdliamson is in the same Circumstance; though it was acknowledged they lived in Guildford, and followed their Trades there.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also insisted, That they would add Four to their Poll; viz. Mr. Shaw, Aiit. Soper, Henry Clark, Mr. Gilham; but as to Soper, they gave no Evidence.

Mr. Coldham said, That Mr. Shaw was 88 Years of

Age, and Master of the Hospital, and a Freeman: That he could not say he paid Scotland Lot, but he saw him at the Place of Polling; and the said Mr. Shaw told him, He came for Mr. Weston and Mr. but

could not say he actually did offer his Vote.

That Henry Clark told him, He believed he was polled; and Mr. Coldham said, That Clerk is reputed to have a Right.

That Mr. Gilham was there; and has a Freehold, and demanded to be polled, and was not polled: That Part of Mr. Gilham'a House was in Guildford, and Part in Stoke; and that Part which was in Guildford was formerly jett to Tenants; but the Door was now shut, and he believes he makes use of the Door in Stoke; and that he had served High Constable in Stoke.

Mr. Gilham, said, That old Mr. Child desired him to give his Vote for Mr . Foot Ons and told him, He had a good Vote: That he did pay to Church and to Highways, but had not been long enough to pay to Church and Poor; but offering to vote for Mr. Weston, he was refused.

Henry Chrlc said, That he tendered and gave his Vote for Mr. Randyll and Mr. Weston; and that the great Question upon him was, Whether he was in the Poor!# Book; and that he had paid to the Poor above Seven Years.

That Mr. Weston6 Counsel also objected to the Carriage of the Mayor; and called

'Mr. Coldham, Mr. Fra. Lee, Mr. Bambrig:

The Substance of whose Evidence was, That tins Mayor was remarkably on Mr. Onslow a Side; and though, on Friday in the Afternoon, there were few or none to poll but Henry Clark, and Mr. pressed

the Mayor to declare the Poll, yet he adjourned tho Court to Monday, without Mr. H eston 's Consent.

That the Counsel for Mr, Onslow, to justify the Votes excepted to by Mr. Weston s Counsel, called Samuel Smalpcice: Who said, That Mr. Pigott is Schoolmaster at Guildford', and though lie did not pay to the First Poors Rate, he being newly come thither, lie paid to the Second: That the former Schoolmaster paid 20 s.a Year; and this is rated at 7 a Quarter.

Tho. Burchard said, That Mr. Vernons Living is worth

about 40/. a Y'ear; but they did not rate him, becalise his Living was so small; and he repairs the Chancel at his own Charge.

Angelo Burt said, That Mr, Vernon had paid to the Poll and Window Tax.

Mr. George Terry said, That he paid Mr. Goodyear 5/. 10s. a Year; and that 30.?. a Year was abated him in his Rent upon his Account of Paying of Taxes.

That then, as to point of Freedom, The Counsel pro* . duced a Book of the Names of the Freemen.

Angelo Burt said, That Robert Williamson is the eldest Son of his Father, who was a Freeman; which also appeared by the Book.

William Williamsons Indentures were produced to the Committee.

Nathanael Prior was given up:

That Thomas Hiller was the Son of John Hiller, who was reputed to have been the Apprentice of a Freeman, and ever voted.

Edward Neve said, That Thomas Roberts was his Apprentice; and that Thomas Roberts served him before he

was free; and after, viz.a Year after be was free; and Roberts follows the Trade, and pay3 Scotland Lot.

JVm. Bettsicorth said, That Daniel Hall was his Apprentice, and produced his Indentures; and said, That himself had been 20 Years before.

That, as to John Mulford;

Katharine Mawkes said, Her Brother was bound to her Father, who was a Freeman.

That it appeared, by the Freeman's Book,

That Thomas Thatcher was Free as the Son of his Father, who was a Freeman.

Smalfeast said, That John Burt was Apprentice to Geo. Mason, and his Father used the Trade of a Sadler; and no body questioned his being free; and that Burt has voted before.

The Recorder said, That he was present at the time the Poll depended; and that it was managed with as much Calmness and Temper as a thing of that Nature could be; and Mr. Weston himself declared, That the Poll was very well carried on.

Mr. Leonard Child said, That Mr. Onslozo excepted against Five Quakers, until they should make their Affirmation; and thereupon they ordered them to stand by till the Poll was, over: But Henry Clark withdrew himself, and did not coine again, which was the Reason he was not polled.

Daniel Green said, That the Mayor and Town Clerk asked Henry Clerk of his Ability, and who he polled for; and the said Clerk answered, For and Weston.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Foot Onslow Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford in the County of Surrey.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Foot Onslow Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford in the County of Surry;

The

.A

j.

'.IF

A

V

hi

'sin

‘*7

iL

State of Trade*

r i w. HI.

18 i 90 Decembris.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^jj/

Tellers for the Noes,]^r I Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

}'SJ‘

}'°9-

lxesolved, That this House will, on Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Regiment of Foot commanded by the Horlourable Major Army General Stuart, was presented to the House, and read; Arrears, setting forth, That the Petitioners were discharged the Service in April last, when there was considerable Sums due to them for Arrears of Subsistence, Cloathilig and Short Allowance Money while at Sea; for which the Petitioners have applied themselves to the said Major General, but can obtain no Relief from him: And praying such Relief therein as the House in Justice shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report die same.

With their Opinions therein, to the House.

Martis, 19* die Decembris;

>1* Gulielrhi Tertii.

i P RAVERS.

A Member J{ DERE D, That Mr. Harris, in Custody of the I frlim Cu*d Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting tody. U*~ himseli from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Hopwood'* A Pill for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settle-betuement mf>nt Thomas Hop u'ooa Gentleman and Elizabeth his Wile, in order to raise Portions for younger Children, and to pay Del its, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Pill be committed to Lord Covings by, Sir John Morden, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Osborne, Mr. England, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Carter, Sir Fra.Child, Mr. Prob.rt, Mr. Hamond, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Mr. Phillips,

Sir John Aubcry, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Topharn,

Sir John Phillips, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hayes, Mr. f let, Mr. Booth, Mr. AshuAnd they are to meet this

1 Aiternoon at Four a Clock, in die Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Eyres, according to Order, presented to the House j *'av‘8at'on. a m iQr

making the Act for making the River Avon navigable, from Christ Church to the City of New Sant in, more eliectual: And the same was received.

OuLrcd, That the Pill he read Tomorrow Morning.

Petition from A Petition of Thomas and Patrick Mullins, on

[ Artillery behalf of themselves, and others belonging to his Ma-

| *min' je-ty's Descent Train of Artillery, commanded by Sir

Martin Beckman, wps presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That #.

.....That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter, and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hancock, Sir Tho. FranUand, Mr. Bertie, Lord Corn bury, Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Vane, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Jennings, Mr. White, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Probert, M r. HMr. Carter, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. J oil iffe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Watts, and others, late of the

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster Westminster was presented to the House, and read; setting forth; Small L'ebu‘ That time out of tnind there hath been an ancient Court of Record, held every Three Weeks, within the City and Liberties of Westminster, for the Ease and Relief of such Persons as had just Cause of Action, for any Debt or Damages under 4 os.by Way of Summons, and Distress

of the Defendant's Goods, in case of his Noa-appearance:

But some Persons, unknown to the Petitioners, are endeavouring to pass a Bill in this House, for erecting and establishing a Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof; which, the Petitioners are advised, will rather prove a Detriment to thfe Inhabitants than a Convenience; there being as speedy and easy Relief already in the said Three Weeks Court as can well be granted; and praying, That no such Bill may pass until the Petitioners be heard by Counsel*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time*

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty Di^ta> of Westminster was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the said City and Liberties there is an ancient Court, holding Piea of Debt and Damages under 40 s.in which there always was a speedy and easy Remedy for Recovery of small Debts, until lately the Proceedings of the said.....hath met with some Ob-

structions; and therefore Persons have been unwilling to trust for small Sums, for w ant of an easy Remedy for Recovery thereof; which hath greatly prejudiced the poorer Sort of People, who want small Credit for carrying on their Trades: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the said Obstructions, and restoring the ancient Remedy in the said Court for the Recovery of small Debts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for erecting and establishing a Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second time.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, presented to the House an Abstract of the Arrears due to the Arrears.

Land Forces to the 25th Day of March 1699: And also,

An Abstract of the Establishment and Estimate of the Arrears for the Year ending the 25th of March 1700:

And also,

A Disposition of 561,014/. 8s. $d. received out of die 600,000l. appropriated last Session of Parliament for Land Service.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Abstracts are as follow; vix.

Vol. 13.

The

L

8o

9® Decem

A. 1699.

The said ABSTRACT of the Arrears of Pay due to the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies following; shewing the Sum due to each of them; viz. To the Troops in England, and those in the Plantations, to the 25th March 1699; when they were placed on the new Establishment: To the Troops in Ireland, Scotland, and the States General Service, to the respective times of their commencing Pay on those Establishments: And to the Troops that were broke, to the several Days of their being disbanded: Shewing also how much of the said Sums , are due for Flanders Subsistence; and how much for the Off-reckonings, the Fund for Cloathing; viz.

f ' To the Troops in England:

First Troop of Guards, from the First of April 1692,1 to the 25th of March 1699, inclusive, when they were> placed on the new Establishment - - - )

Second Troop of Guards, for the same time Third Troop of Guards, for the same time Troop of G renadier Guards, from the 4th October 1693,! to the same time - - - - J

Royal Regiment of Horse, from 1st April 1692, to the

feame time - -

Major General Lumlys Horse, for the same time -Colonel Wood's Horse, for the same time -

Earl of Arran's, formerly Coye's, for the same time -Brigadier Windham's, for the same time - -

The Duke of Schonberg's and Leinster's, for the samel

time - - - - -.....3

Earl of Macclesfields, from the 1st March 1693, whenl raised, for the same time-r - - - - 3

Royal Regiment of Dragoons, from 1st April 1692, to the same time - -

Colonel Wm. Lloyd's for the same time -Earl of Essex's, for the same time -' First Regiment of Foot Guards, for the same time Coldstream Regiment of Guards, for the same time Brigadier Selwyns Foot, for the same time Brigadier Trdaamy's, for the same time -Major General Churchills, for the same time

Total - - - £.

To the Troops in Ireland :y Colonel tiafvy's, late Major General Levesotis Regi- % ment of Horse, from 1st of April 1692, to the 12th ( March, 97, inclusive, from whence they arepaidin Ireland) Brigadier Langstons, formerly called Godfry's, from) the said ist April, to 26th March 1698, inclusive - 3 Colonel Rosse's Dragoons, from the 1st of May 1694,7 to the 27th April 1698 - - - - - 3

Royal Regiment of Foot, from the 1st April 1692, to7 the 25th March 1699 - - - - -3

Colonel Webb's, from the said First April to the I9th7

March 1697, inclusive - - - - 3

Colonel Brewer's, from the said 1st of April to the 127 January 1697, inclusive - - - r j

Sir Bevil Granvill's, from the said 1st April to the 147 August 1698, inclusive - - - - -3

Major General Stewart's, from 1st May 1694, to 24! February 1697, inclusive - 3

Sir Henry Bellasys', from said 1st May to the 25 V March 1698, inclusive - -

Sir John Jacobs', from the 1st April 1692, to the lasty of March 98, inclusive - - 3

... Colonel Tidcomb's, from the said 1st April to the 267 March 1698, inclusive - - - 3

Colonel How's, from the said 1st of April to the i2th7 of March 1697, inclusive - - - 3

Colonel Frederick Hamilton s, from 1st May 1693, to7 the 21 December 1697, inclusive - - 3

Sir Matth. Bridges's, From the First April 1692, to7 the 20 December 1697, inclusive - - * -3

Colonel Stanly's, from the said said First of April to7 the 24th of February 1697, inclusive - - - 3

Marquis de Puisar's, from the said 1st of April to the7 20 December 1697, inclusive - - - 3

Brigadier Tiffin's, from the said 1st of April to the 317 January 1697, inclusive - - - 3

Brigadier Fairfax's, from the said 1st April to the 137 August 1698, inclusive.....3

ARREARS.

Flanders. — Subsistence, included in the said Arrears.

Off-reckonings, included in the said Arrears.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £, dI

20,992 8 1 f 5,067 14 4 f 4,015 19 1

19,122 7 51 3,181 5 5 4,015 19 i

20,524 16 3f 4,53i 17 7 4,015 19 1

10,395 15 10 2,577 4 9 1,551 11 10

30,854 2 51 - - - - 4,205 18 10

33.838 3 1 U 6,961 15 7 f 3,356 3 4

23,410 14 of 5,853 17 11 2,237 17 0

22,743 16 Of 4,249 9 if 2,237 17 0

23,838 5 6 4,519 7 10 3,237 17 0

22,618 8 5 3,150 13 4 2,237 17 0

18,714 13 4 - - - - 1,896 2 I

21,491 13 0 3,342 13 5 2,436 15. 9

19,256 15 10-J- 3,094 18 if 2,436 15 9

17,256 16 2 3,100 2 9 2,436 15 9

63,031 9 Of 2,212 5 6 11,788 «9 94

33,178 11 9* 2,675 14 9 5,881 12 5

14,816 16 3 989 14 6 2,118 13 1

13,974 0 6f 1,340 12 4 2,118 13 1

17,727 19 10f 3,884 11 7 2,118 13 1

447,717 14 o-f 6o,533 16 iof 63,346 0 Of

19,370 10 0 5,064 9 8f 382 5 9

16,590 18 10 f 4,282 8 iof 462 16 0

10,836 8 nf 2,205 7 6 710 11 7

30,892 9 7 886 17 4 4,256 6 7

16,864 3 if 3,080 9 0 382 7 3

13,850 16 4f 2,645 10 3

11,862 8 iof 830 8 9 1,103 2 5

11,676 9 9 f - - - 269 12 3

9,983 17 9f - - - - 411 15 5

14,499 1 6f - - - 441 3 9

10,033 13 0 - - - - 416 13 9

14,184 14 3* 3,986 i°; 10 348 0 if

8,457 7 7f 1,861 14 0

11,298 3 5f i,55 3 1 5'

11,963 5 4f 2,700 2 7 269 12 3

14,059 3 of 1,018 1 6f

16,311 18 5 f 3,946 9 3 151 19 3

14,643. 13 8f 3,447 10 9 1,098 11 2

Brigadier

It w. III.

19* Decem.

81

Brigadier Ingoldsby'sfrom said istof April to the 24)

TVhruary 07. inclusive - " " 4 *5

Colonel Collumbine's from said 1st April to the 25)

nc ruiv 1608, inclusive ----- - -3

Major General Erl's, from the said 1st of April to the')

25 March 1699. inclusive i

Total

L

To the Troops in Scotland:

Troops of Scots Guards, from 1st April 92, to the- 1st January 97, from which time they are paid in (

Scotland - " " " ' )

Lord Tmott's Dragoons, from said 1st April to the')

7th February 1697, inclusive - - - - -j

Lord Jedborough's Dragoons, from the 1st March) 1693, to the 19th March 1697, inclusive -)

Regiment of Scots Foot Guards, from the 1st April) 1692, to the last of January 1697, inclusive - -J Sir David Coljears Foot, from the First of April to the }

10th March 1697, inclusive - - - - -j

Colonel Row's Foot, from the said First of April to} the last of December 97, inclusive - - - ->

Brigadier Maitland's, from said 1st April to the 8th of)

February 1697, inclusive.....>

Colonel Geo. Hamilton's, from the 1st April 1694, to} 21 of December 1697, inclusive - - -j

Lord Strathnaver's, for the same time -

Colonel Ferguson's, from the 1st April 1692, to the) aist December 1697, inclusive - ... -3

Total

L

To the Troops now in the States Service, whilst upon the Establishment of England:

Major General Eppinger,s Dragoons, to the l lth of7

October 1698.....)

Colonel Murray's, late Mackays Foot, from the 1st 7 of April 1692, to the 21st December 1697 - -3

Colonel Walter Philip Coljears, for the same time Colonel Lander's, for the same time -

Total

To the Troops in the West Indies:

Colonel Collingwoods Regiment of Foot, from the)

Erst of April 1692, to 25 March 1699, inclusive - -j Four Companies at New Ycn'k for the same time

Company at the Leeward Islands, for the same time -

and Guernsey, for the same time Total

To the Troops disbanded:

Colonel Harvy's, late Earl of Arran's, Regiment of Horse, from the First of March 1693, when raised, to the 8th of December 1697, when disbanded Lord Windsor's Horse, from the said First of March to) the 6th December 1697, when disbanded - - -J

Earl of Denbigh's Dragoons, from said 1 st March to) the i8lh December 1697, when disbanded

Colonel Leigh's, from the said First of March to the' 6th of December 1697, when disbanded -Major General Erie's Foot, from the 1st April 1692,' to die 2d March 97, when disbanded - -

The Duke of Bolton's Foot, from 1 April 1692, to last of February 97, when disbanded -

Colonel Sounder son's from the said 1 April to the! 4 March 1697, when disbanded - - - -j

Lord Lorn's, from the said First April to the 8th of) ebruary 1697, when disbanded -

1 ARREARS. Zanders S ubsistence included in the said Arrears. Off-reckoning*, included in the said Arrears.

£ s. d. £ s. d. L s.d.

13,738 1 3 2,741 0 11 269 12 3

i5,i54 17 6} 1,475 11 44 1,009 16 6‘

15,256 12 8-|- 1,258 13 3 2,118 13 1

301,529 5 5i 42,984 7 4i 14,102 19 44.

12,811 4 3

17,225 8 34 6,731 7 5 230 15 9

i3,396 1 11 4,510 5 Hi 473 14 5

14,372 5 0 1,745 19 8 326 17 il

15,267 8 74 i,9i3 14 0 473 9 8

11,946 8 44 1,768 0 9

13,751 5 3 2,915 1 6 1 268 9

6,217 3 9 1,213 15 10

6,433 14 u| 1,065 8 6

10,645 0 5 1,908 8 11

122,066 O lOf 23,772 2 6J 1,773 7 44

29,688 4 9

10,269 11 99i 5 1 —

12,025 16 9^ 10,586 18 04 2,087 0 0 1,724 13 44 - —

62,570 ll 3 4,802 18 54 ——

11,816 16 10 2,118 13 i

12,558 9 8 4,335 18 3 2,309 3 8 i,345 17 3

| 18,050 16 3 3,i5i 9 t 2,118 i3 1

46,762 1 0 3A51 9 9i 4 7,892 7

! 12,523 0 7

[ 11,649 11 5) I

J 9,53i 8 7 —

[ 8,305 8 5 — 1 —

| 13,672 3 oj I - «. I 299 0 64

J 15,733 10 oi I " 289 4 5

| 11,088 12 9i [ 2,655 7 0 308 16 74

J 5,653 3 3 4 - —

Colonel

8a

190 Decembris.

Colonel Coote's, from the First of May, 1694, to the} 25th of February 1697, when disbanded - - -i

Colonel Bmdnal's, from said 1st May to the 14th of7 March 1697, when disbanded - - - 3

Colonel Gibsons, from the 20th of March 1693, to the} 26th February 1697, when disbanded - - -3

Colonel Northcott' s, from the said 20th of March to the} 7th of March 1697, when disbanded -3

Colonel Farringtons, from the said 20th March to the} 3d March 1697, when disbanded - - - -j

Colonel Bochan s, from the 1st of April* 1694, to the} 8th of February 1697, when disbanded - - - J

Colonel Seymour's, from the 1st of April 1692, to the} last July 1697, inclusive, when made Marines - -j

Colonel Mordant's, for the same time -Colonel Colt, from the 1st September 1692, to the) same time - - - -3

Colonel Holt, from the 1st April 1693, to the 25 March} 1699 - - - . - - - -j

Colonel Lillingstons Two Regiments and Company,} from 1st September 92, to the several times of disbanding 3 Colonel Russel's Regiment and Company, from the 1st? April 1694, to the times of disbanding - - -3

Company of Miners, from the 1st April 1692, tof 12th March 1697, inclusive, when disbanded - -j

Company at Upnor, for the same time

ARREARS.'

Plandn's Subsistence, included in the said Arrears.

A. .1699.

Off-Reckonings, included in the said Arrears.

Total of the foregoing Abstract

There is also due to clear the General Officers, their'] Aids de Camp, and the Majors of Brigade, for the I Year ending the First of January 1697; and voted in the Session of Parliament which began the 3d of December 1697 And to clear the Garisons from the First of April 1693, to the 25th of March 1699, inclusive, their Subsistence! to that time being fully paid....

Total of the Whole

£ s. d. 9>28i 3 4

10,539 15 0

9>° 97 11 23

8,886 10 1

8.495 4 03.

5,260 9 11

12,508 0 5J 18,099 6 8 14,628 8 53.

27,423 15 0

13,920 10 5 io,335 11 03

698 6 10 219 1 8

237>550 12 53

1,218,196 5 0'

50,000 0 0

56,268 1 43

1,324,464 6 5»

s. d.

2,599 18 4

£. s. d. 274 1® 33

357 16 13

1.039 4 10

1.039 4 10

1.039 4 10 2,247 19 o 1,798 0 0 2,167 10 6

5,255 5 4

140,500 o 4

10,860 12 o

97,975 5 103

Memorandum. In the Session of Parliament which began the Third of December 1697, it was resolved,

That there was due for an Arrear of Subsidy to the Elector of to the 1st of) RwdoUars.

November 1697 - -..... -.....3 180)000

To the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel To the Duke of Wolfembot tic -To the Bishop of Munsta'

To the Dukes of Hanover and Cell To the King of Denmark To the Duke of Holstein

254.000 121,223

i49>997

50.000

200.000

25.000

Rd\ 980,220

All which, being Nine hundred and Eighty thousand Two hundred and Twenty Rixdollars, if com-} r

puted at 5 s. each, amounts to - -- - - j o> 5.)

And that there was likewise due to Contractors for Bread and Forage ----- 177,000

Memorandum. Also it was.voted in the Inst Session of Parliament, That all the General Officers, that were his Majesty's natural-bofri Subjects, should be allowed their Pay for the Year 1698; which amounts to

Ranelagh.

The said Abstract of the Establishment signed by his Majesty, which commenced the 26th of March 1699 I V'IZ-

£. s. d.

Pay of the Seven Thousand Men, per Annum - 312,020 5 o

Regiment of Fusileers in Jersey and Guernsey Regiment of Foot in the West Indies Four Companies at New York One Company in the Leeward Island?

One Company at Newfoundland

- - - - 12,242 2

- - - - - 12,142 6 8

- - - - - 4.258 6 8

- - - - - 1,117 2 6

- - - - - 1,015 18 4

General

There is some Mistake in this Total; but it is so both in the Journal, and the original Account.

190 Decembris.

ii W. III.

General Staff Officers, and Contingencies - - '.

The Charge of the Garisons, and other small Payments -

Allowances for Fire and Candle ——

Half-pay to disbanded Officers ——

Invalids for whom there is no Room in Chelsea Hospital -

Half-pay to the Commissaries of the Musters discharged ——

Total -

Towards Payment of the above Establishment for One Year, from the 26 of March 1699, to the 25th of March 1700, the Earl of Ranelagh has received, out of the 6oo, oooo7. appropriated, the last Session of Parliament, for Land Service - - - - -

So that there will be wanting, to clear the Establishment for the said Year, the Sum of -

The said Disposition of the said 561,014/. 8$. 8 d. is in a Book by itself

£ 1 s. S3 d.

» 12,048 9 2

18,802 4 6

3,052 4 U

13 9

6,763 11 8

730 0 0

£ 426,825 12 2i

[ 240,923 15 9

£ 185,902 16 5{

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstracts and Disposition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Koto's An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Noble Gentleman, but*. to sell the undivided Third Part of the Manor of Foxton, in the County of Leicester; and for settling other Lands, ah intire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Noble Gentleman, to sell the undivided Third Part of the Manor of Foxton, in the County of Leicester, when he shall have settled other Lands, an entire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto*

Papists Pro- Sir Richard Cocks7 according to Order, presented to istantHeirs. the House a Bill for hindering Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Dektive A Petition of Thomas Wise Esquire, was presented to Tlll{S- the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the First, by his Letters Patents, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, granted all Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, to Nicholas Street and Ezra Wolston, in Trust for the Petitioner's Father, and his Heirs; and the Petitioner s Father embanked the same at the Charge of 20,000l. and lett the same to Tenants for many Years.: That afterwards his said Majesty granted the said Marsh to the Duke of Richmond and his Heirs, who have gotten Possession; but the Validity of the said Two Grants is now depending in the Court of Exchequer: That the Petitioner is apprehensive the Bill depending in the House for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other Defective Titles, will prejudice his Right to the said Estate: And praying. That he may be heard what he hath to offer for the Saving of his Right to the said Premises, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee.

taeof Ordered, That Colonel Kirkby have Leave to go into

the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

bidijig Sir Rowland Gxvyn, according to Order, reported, from

fen. ti)e Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Resolution of the said Committee, upon the Petitions touching the Election for the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

V'0 L. 13.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committeei That the Petition of Sir Thomas Stamp, presented to the House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching the late Election for the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, is not the same in Substance with the Petition from the said Sir Thomas Stamp, presented to the House of Conlmons the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Ejection.

And the said Petitions were read.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Sir Thomas Stamp, presented to the House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching the late Election for the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, is not the same in Substance with the Petition from the said Sir Thomas Stamp, presented to the House of Commons the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do not proceed any further upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bedford Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election-County of Bedford, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Blackwell-next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee ^all Clotu of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for the more e effectual Execution of an Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there: And nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a Westminster Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Debt®, Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Friday next, after the said Committee hath sate.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Coyiyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That the Lords of the Admiralty do lay before the House ah Account upon what Services, and under what Orders, the Ships Dolphin, Roebuck, Rupert Prize, and Paramour Pink, are now employed; with the Copies of the Commissions, and the particular Instructions given to their Commanders.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Admiralty do lay before the House an Account upon what Services, and under what Orders, the Skips Dolphin, Roebuck, Rupert Prize, and Paramour Pink, are now employed; with the Copies of the Commissions, and the particular Instructions given to their Commanders.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved,

Avnn

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

84 19° — 20°

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Decembris;

li* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A BILL to make the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blath-zcaite, Sir Chris. Musgrave, Mr. Popham, Mr. Roumey, Mr. Yates, Mr. Mountague, Sir Jacob Baunks, Mr. Povey, Mr. Greenfield, Sir77?o. Day, Mr. Cox, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pinnell, Lord Chenie, Mr. Gorges, Lord Downes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Shackerly, Marquis Hartington, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Blofield, Sir CA#. Hot ham. Colonel Webb, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Carter, Major General frelawney, Brigadier Trelaximey, Mr. Clark, Sir Justin. Isham; and all that serve for the Counties of Somersett, Wilts, Gloucester, Deraw; and for the Sea and Cinque Ports, and for iVar/A and Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of several Knights, Gentlemen, Landholders, and other substantial Inhabitants living between BristolI and was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill depending in this House, for making the River of navigable from Bristoll to 2fo//r; which, if it should pass, will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and no-ways serviceable to the Publick: And praying to be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, w hat they have to object against the said Bill.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Somerset near Bath, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath; which Bill, should it pass, will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and no Advantage to the Publick: And praying to be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, by their Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City, and Suburbs of the City, of Bristoll, on Behalf of themselves, and many Thousand Citizens and Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill brought into this House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath; which the Petitioners are very sensible will greatly prejudice the said City, and Parts adjacent, if it-should pass into an Act: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill; or otherwise relieved as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom Ihesaid Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counr sel, before the said Committee, what they have to object against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and about the City of 12

Decembris. 1699.

Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it is found by Experience, that nothing tends more to the promoting the Strength and Wealth of the Kingdom than Trade and Navigation having Communication with Places that tend to maritime Ports: And the River Avon being capable of being made navigable from the said City to Bath, the Petitioners pray, That an Act may pass for that purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, is committed.

A Petition of Sir Edward Mansell Baronet, Stephen Martha Str'mger, and others, Owners of the Ship Martha of Ship. Mar gam, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship was shipwrecked on Kenfigg Sands in 1698, where she was beaten almost to Pieces by the Sea; and bought, with her Riggings, for 301. by the Petitioners; and rebuilt with new Timber, new Beams, a new Deck, and 40 Tons larger than before; which cost above 800l. with her Rigging, and other Necessaries; but, she being a foreign Bottom, some Doubts have arisen, whether, by an Act for preventing Frauds, and regular ting Abuses, in the Plantation Trade, she is not prohibited to trade to or from any of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to make the said Ship, a free Ship to trade and traffick to and from the Ports of this Kingdom, to any of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Stradling, Sir Thomas Day, and Mr. Cox, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of George Gregory Esquire, w as presented to Nottinglr the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, and Robert Sachevarill Esquire, stood Candidates at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Nottingham, in the room of Rickard Slaughter Esquire, deceased; and the major Part of the Persons duly qualified to give their Votes were for the Petitioner; but many illegal Practices were used by Mr. Sachevarill, and his Agents, to gain Votes for him; whereby he procured himself to be returned a Burgess, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

And also the Certificate of the Clerk of the Crown, of the Return brought in, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Anne Baldroin Widow, w*as presented to Baldwin the House, and read; setting forth, that Richard Bald- Estate. win, her late Husband, deceased, was possessed of divers Lands, and a Messuage called Wiltons, in the County of Bucks, clogged with great Incumbrances, well nigh the Value thereof; and, by his last Will, devised the same to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and gave all other his Estate, not otherwise settled or disposed of, to the Petitioner; his Son and Heir Richard Baldwin, an Infant of Five Years old, being well provided for by the Marriage Settlement; but because of his Infancy, the Petitioner cannot sell the Premises intended by his Father to be sold, unless at an Under-value; which, in a short Time, will not be sufficient to pay the Debts thereon: And praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable her to make Sale of the said Estate, according to the true Intent of her said late Husband's Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Chenie do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of George Chambers, and others, in behalf Army of himself, and other disbanded Dragoons, out of the Arre*r

Regiment

11W. III. 2o° Decembris. 8$

Regiment commanded by the Right Honourable the Lord Jedbrough, now resident in Scotland, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That, when they were broke in Scotland, the Lord Jedbrough seized their Horses and Accoutrements, and sent them into England, without giving them any Money; though there was then, and now is, due to them above 26/. a Man for Subsistence, besides their other Arrears; which David Cambell, Agent to the said Regiment, hath received, and, before a Committee 1 of this House the last Sessions, promised to pay the Petition-

ers their just Demands; which yet he hath not done: And praying, That he may be compelled thereto by the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Bootlace. Mr. Eyres reported, from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, within the City of New Sarum, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor Persons depending on them, was referred, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bill be brought in, to repeal an Act of Parliament made in the 9th and 10th Years of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Report be recommitted to i the same Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inform themselves of the Allegations of the said Petition; and report the Fact, as it appears to the said Committee, with their Opinion what is fit to be done.

A Petition of several Makers of and Dealers in Bone-lace, made in Buckinghamshire, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Manufacture has been exercised several hundred Years in England\ end employs many Thousands in the said County; most whereof are Women and Children, who have no other Subsistence; and the repealing the Acts prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone-lace will inevitably tend to the Ruin of the said poor People, although the same are no Prejudice to the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, as the Petitioners are ready to prove: And praying, that they may be heard against the Repeal of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into the Value of the yearly Exportation of the Woollen Manufacture into Flanders, in the Time of Peace.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hn A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Ratch-iMacture. dale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster and of the Merchants, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and of other Inhabitants of the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufacture to the Spanish Netherlands hath put such a Stop to that Trade in Lancashire} that great Numbers of Persons, whose sole Livelihood depends thereon, are fallen to extreme Poverty; and, should the King of Spain make the Spanish Netherlands the Staple Market of Spanish Wool, then must if our foreign Trade in the Woollen Manufactures, solely

depend on the Will of the Governor of the Netherlands: And praying the Consideration of the House, to prevent Vo l. 13.

the inexpressible Incortvertiencies that will follow, in case some Remedy be not found out to support the great Staple Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Sir George Rook, from the Lords of the Admiralty, Dolphin,&c* according to Order, presented to the House a Copy of the ^hiP8» and Commissions to Captain Long of the Rupert Prize; Cap- so^Disco"1 tain Hunter, of the Dolphin; Captain Dampier, of the veries. Roebuck, and Captain Haley, of the Paramour Pink:

And also a Copy of the Instruction to Captain Long, of the Rupert Prizey for following his Majesty's Orders on an Expedition to America:

And also a Copy of Instructions to Captain Hunted, of the Dolphin, for proceeding to and recovering of a Wreck in the West Indies:

And also a Copy of the Instructions prepared and brought to the Board, by Persons concerned in the Wreck in the I Vest Indies:

And also a Copy... a Letter from the Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Vernon to the Lords of the Admiralty, touching the setting out the Rupert Prizey commanded by Captain Longy on an Expedition to America:

And also an Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vernony about Instructions for Captain Hunter relating to the Ship Dolphin:

And also a Copy of the Instructions of Captain Haley, of the Paramour Pink9 for the Finding out the Variation of the Needle:

And also an Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vernon to the Lords of the Admiralty, touching the Instructions for the Captain of the Dolphin:

And also a Copy of the Instructions to Captain Dampier, of the Roebucky for making Discoveries in foreign Parts.

And the T itles of the said Papers were read:

And they are as follow; viz.

I. The said Copy of the said Commissions to Captain Long, Captain Hunter, Captain Dampier, and Captain Haley.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

To Captain Richard Long, hereby appointed Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Rupert Prize.

By virtue of the Power and Authority to Us given*

We do hereby constitute and appoint you Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Rupei't Prize, willing and requiring you forthwith to go on board, and take, upon, you the Charge and Command of Captain in her accordingly; strictly charging and commanding all the Officers and Company of the said Ship to behave themselves, jointly and severally, in their respective Employments, with all due Respect and Obedience unto you their said Captain; and you likewise to observe and execute, as well the standing Instructions hereunto annexed, attested by our Secretary, as what further Order and Directions you shall from time to time receive of Us, or any other your super rior Officers, for his Majesty's Service: Hereof you, nor any of you, may fail, as you will answer the same at your Perils: And for so doing this shall be your Warrant.

Given under our Hands, and the Seal of the Office of the Admiralty, this 4th Day of December 1697, in the Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Henry Priestman,

By Command of their Lordships, Robert Rich,

JVm. Bridgman. Geo. Rook,

20th December 1699. ^am % Kendall.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

The like Commission granted to Captain Collin Hun* ter, to be Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, dated the 24th June 1698. Signed,

Countersigned, Orford, H. Priestinan,

J. Burchett. R. Rich, J. Kendall.

Z The

6

to* Decembris.

A. 1699.

Dolphin,&c. Ships, and Instructions for Disco* veries.

The like Commission granted to Captain Dam-

pier, to the Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Roebuck, dated the 26 July 1698. Signed,

Rook,

Countersigned, J.

J. Burchett. Kendall.

The like Commission granted to Captain Edmund Haley, to be Master and Commander of his Majesty's Pink the Paramour, dated the 23d August 1699. Signed,

J. Bridgwater, Countersigned, Haversham,

J. Burchett. D. Mitchell.

II. The said Copy of Instructions to Captain Long.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

In pursuance of his Majesty's Pleasure signified to this Board, you are hereby required and directed to follow such Orders, as you shall, from time to time, receive from

H. Priestm

G. Rooke',

J. Houblon,

J. Kendall.

ance; assuring them, That they shall be punctually paid for the same at the End of the Voyage. Dated at the Admiralty Office, this 31st of January 169A

Orj'ord,

To Captain Collin Hunter, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin: Spit head.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

IV. The said Copy of Instructions, prepared, and brought to the Board, by the Persons concerned in the Wreck in the West Indies, for Captain Colin Hunter, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin.

After you have received your Orders from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, you are to ..... t r - j- , . ol* j make the best of your Way to Barbadoes; and, proceed*

his Majesty, for proceeding with the Ship under your from ^nce with all Expedition, you are, in the First Command. Dated at the Admiralty Office, this 25th of p[ace> to use the best of your Endeavours to find out, April 1098. _ _ Ur ford, and take up, such Wrecks as are contained and described

in the several Papers you have left in the Hands of Samuel Traverse Esquire, for the Use and Benefit of all the Parties concerned; and afterwards such other Wrecks as you shall receive Intelligence of; pursuaht to our Indentures with Sir Houblon and Company, by

. . virtue of Letters Patents to his Grace the Duke of

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of S and Leinster, between 12 Degrees South, and _ High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c. Degrees North Latitude.

Whereas his Majesty has been pleased to order, That You are also, with the Consent of such Agent as we the Ship Dolphin, under your Command, shal be fitted gha,1 appoin, to contract with any Person or Persons for out for an Expedition to the Vest Indies, in order to the new Discoveries within our due Limits, other than taking up several Wrecks, which are contained and wl/at ig contained in your above-mentioned Papers; and

to allow him or them such a Share, not exceeding a Tenth Part, for such their Discovery, as you Two shall agree upon; which Share or Proportion, so contracted for between you Two, and such Discoverer, is to be deducted out of the net Proceed of the said Discovery.

You are to keep a true Journal of your Proceedings, and an exact Account of all Treasure, Qc. by you to be , ' o , taken up; and to transmit the same to us, signed by

You are therefore hereby required and directed forth- yourse|fj and attested by his Majesty's Agent and ours, with to proceed on this Service, with the Ship under £om tjme to time, upon all Opportunities, your Command; and with all possible Care and Diligence, put in Execution, as well the Instructions from the Persons concerned, hereunto annexed, as what further Orders and Instructions shall be given you, from time to

To Captain Richard Long, Commander of the Rupert Prize: Portsmouth.

H. Priestman, J. Kendall, J. Houblon.

III. The said Copy of Instructions to Captain Hunter, of the Dolphin.

described in the several Papers which you have left in the Hands of Samuel Traverse Esquire, for the Use and Benefit of the Parties concerned therein; as also such other Wrecks as you shall receive Intelligence of; pursuant to the Indentures between the said Persons, and Sir James Houblon, and Company; by virtue of Letters Patents to his Grace the Duke of Schonbergh, between 12 Degrees South, and 40 Degrees North Latitude:

You are also to go or send to the Island of Jamaica once in Two or Three Months, Wind and Weather permitting, there to inquire for, and receive, such further Orders and Directions as we from time to time shall send you; which you are punctually to observe, having a due Regard to the Orders of the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty; and also, by all Opportunities, transmit us a true Account of all your Proceedings and Transactions, relating to your Undertaking, with our A sent then on board vou, the better to enable him to

time, by them, in the Fishing for. Recovering, and Dis posing of, all, or any Part of the said Wrecks as you shall recover; that so his Majesty's Share thereof may be demanded and received.

When you shall have done what you are able in the

Performance of this Service, you are"to return, with the __________

Ship you command, to England; calling in at Plymouth prosecute the said Undertaking, under the Command of for Oitlers: And, if you find none there to the contrary, - ....

you are to make the best of your Way to the Downes

and remnin till further Orders'; giving us an Account of your Proceedings.

You are to receive on board the Ship you command, such Persons as the Right Honourable the Lords of his Majesty's Treasury shall appoint, to take Care of the King's Share of the Wrecks which shall be recovered; as also such other Person, as the Parties concerned in the said Wrecks shall appoint, to look after and manage their Affairs; allowing them Victuals during the time they shall be on board you, as to your Ship's Company; and bearing them as Supernumeraries on your Books.

You are, by all Opportunities you shall meet with, to send this Board an Account of your Proceedings: And,

such Persons as the said Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty shall appoint to succeed you.

You are not to inspect the Papers, or Accounts, of the Two Persons appointed Agents for the King and the Persons concerned, without their Consent, and to permit them quietly to do their Business.

20th December 1699. A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

V. The said Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vei'wm to the Lords of the Admiralty, touching the setting out of the Rupert Prize, commanded by Captain Long, on an Expedition to

My Lords,

You were pleased lately to desire me to move the King,

during the whole rI erm of the Voyage, you are to take for such Instructions as his Majesty should think fit to particular Care not to annoyany of his Majesty's Subjects, give Captain Richard Long, Commander of the Rupert or those of his Allies, but rather to give them what As- Prize, fitted for a Voyage to America, in order to the distance you can, without Hindrance or Prejudice to the Discovery of Gold Alines and Wrecks: And I am com-Affair whereon you arc employed. manded by his Majesty to acquaint you, That the said

And, for the bcttei lengthening out your Provisions, Captain having entered into Articles of Agreement with you are to put t eMen under your Command, when you the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; the Substance come out of the Chanel, to Six to Pour Men's Allow- whereof is as followeth: That in Consideration of his

J

ii W. III. 20° Decembris. 87

his Majesty's Charge, in fitting, manning, and victualling, a Sixth Rate Frigate, his Majesty shall receive all the Benefit made by such Discovery, until he shall be paid the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and, after that is satisfied, shall, for Seven Years, receive Nine Parts in Ten of the whole Advantage to be made, and the said Richard Long the Tenth Part, be giving an Account of the whole Profit upon Oath, when required: He shall bring home to the Port of London all the Treasure he shall find; and shall, in Tw o Years time from the 6th of July last, w hen the said Agreement was made, bring home, and deliver to the Commissioners of the Navy, the said Ship, with her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture; the Danger of the Seas, Enemies, Fire, and Restraint by Piracies, excepted: After he has been in Search of Treasure, as aforesaid, he shall have Liberty to sail, with his Majesty's Ship, to search for, and take up, such Wrecks as his Grace the Duke of Schonbcrgand Leinster has a Grant to fish for in America; and shall bring to the Port of London what he shall gain from such Wrecks: His Majesty expects the Performance of the said Conditions; and leaves the Contractor at Liberty to pursue his Voyage and Attempt, in such manner as he thinks best, without confining him to any particular Instructions relating the reunto, other than such as you shall think fit to give him. I am, my Lords,

Your Lordships most faithful humble Servant,

A true Copy, Ja. Vernon.

J. Burchett.

VI. The said Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vernon, about the Instructions for Captain Hunter, relating to the Ship Dolphin, dated the 16 th January 1698.

The inclosed Request of the Earl of Macclesfeild having been laid, before the King, his Majesty commands me to send the same to your Lordships, and to acquaint you with his Majesty's Pleasure, That Captain Hunter being designed to command his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, in the Discovery of a considerable Wreck in the I Vest Indies, his Majesty would have you to consider of such Instructions as may be proper to be given to the said Captain, for the due Performance of that Service.

VII. The said Copy of Instructions of Captain Haley, of the Paramour Pink, for the finding out the Variation of the Needle.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, Sic. Whereas his Majesty has been pleased to lend his Pink the Paramour, for your proceeding a Second time with her, on an Expedition to improve the Ivnowlege of the Longitude, and Variation of the Compass; which Ship is now completely manned, stored and victualled, at his Majesty's Charge, for the said Expedition: You are therefore hereby required and directed forthwith to proceed with her,' according to the following Instructions.

You arc, without Loss of Time, to set Sail with her, and proceed to make a Discovery of the unknown South Lands between the Magellan Streights, and the Cape of Good Hope, between the Latitude of 50 and 55 South, if you meet not with the Land sooner; observing the Variation of the Compass with all the Accuracy you can; as also the true Situation, both in Longitude and Latitude, of the Ports where you arrive.

You are likewise to make the like Observations at as many of the Islands, in the Seas between the aforesaid Coasts, as you can, without too much Deviation, bring into your Course.

In your Return home, you are to visit the English West India Plantations, or as many of them as conveniently you may; and in them to make such Observations as may contribute to lay them down truly in their geographical Situation: And, in all the Course of your Voyage, you must be careful to omit no Opportunity of noting the Variation of the Compass; of which you are to keep a Register in your Journal.

You are, for the better lengthening out your Pro-VOL. 13.

visions, to put the Men under your Command, when you come out of the Chanel, to Six to Four Mens Allowance; assuring them, That they shall be punctually paid at the End of the Voyage.

You are, during the Term of this Voyage, to be very careful in conforming yourself to what is directed by the general printed Instructions annexed to your Commission, with regard as well to his Majesty's Honour, as to the Government of the Ship under your Command: And, when you return to England, you are to call in at

mouth, and, finding no Orders there to the contrary, to make the best of your Way to the Downes, and remain there till further Order. Dated at the Admiralty Office, the 12th of September 1699,

J. Bridgwater, Haversham,

To Captain Edmund Haley, Com- D. Mitchell. mander of his Majesty's Pink the Paramour, at Deptjaid.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett,

VII. The said of Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vernon to the Lords of the Admiralty, touching the Instructions for the Captain of the I have laid before his Majesty your Lordships Letter of the 23d Instant, with the inclosed Copies of Instructions for the Commander of his Majesty's Ship Dolphin, as well from your Lordships, as from the Persons concerned in the Wrecks that are to be fished up: Whereupon his Majesty hath commanded me to acquaint you, That he approves of the said Instructions.

IX. The said Copy of the Instructions to Captain Dampier, of the Roebuck, far making Discoveries in foreign Parts.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c. Whereas, upon some Proposals of your making Discoveries in foreign Parts, which may be of Advantage to the Publick, it hath been thought fit to appoint you Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Roebuck', and that you shall proceed with the said Ship upon the aforesaid Service: You are therefore hereby required and directed, forthwith upon your Receipt hereof, to proceed with her till you shall come near the Ca Hope, and from thence stretch away towards New Holland, and then to New Guinea, and Terra Australis: But in case, either with relation to the Seasons of the Year, or any other good Reason that shall occur to you, you shall think it may more conduce to the Service you are going on, to steer any other Course than what is before directed, you are hereby impowered and directed to do the same: And, in regard his Majesty is at great Charge in fitting out, and maintaining at Sea, the Ship you command for this Service, you are therefore to take especial Care, that your utmost Endeavours be used towards the discovering all such Things, in those Parts of the World where you shall proceed, as you shall judge may any ways tend to the Good of the Nation: And, to that End, you are to bring home with you some of the Produce of the Places you touch at, where you shall think it material: And you are likewise at Liberty to bring home some of the Natives, provided they are willing to come along with you: For the better enabling you to do the same, and to keep a Correspondence with the said Natives, we have, according to what you propose, given Orders for your being furnished with several Things you desire, and some other Trifles, to trade with them.

And whereas it may probably happen, That, during the Course of your intended Voyage, some of your Ship's Company may die, or that others may prove so disorderly as to make it necessary for you to part with them; We do hereby give you Permission to exchange such disorderly Persons with any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty's Subjects you shall meet with, in case the Master of such Ship or Vessel consent thereunto: But in case you shall, at any time, during your being abroad, meet with any of his Majesty's

Dolphin, &c. Ships, and Instructions for Discovt* ries.

88 ao° — 2i° Decembris. 1699.

Majesty's Ships, and that you shall not then have your Complement of Men, their Commanders are hereby required and directed, upon your Application, to spare you so many as conveniently they can: And in case you shall also have on board any Persons, that shall have endeavoured to cause any Disturbance in the Ship, so as that you shall think it for the Service, that they be removed . from her, the Commander of any such Ship or Vessel of his Majesty's is hereby further required to take them on board, and give you other Men in their Room, and to keep the said disorderly Persons in safe Custody till he returns to England, that they may be brought to Tryal, and punished, for their Offence: And as you are strictly to comply with what is before directed, as to such of your Ship's Company as shall misbehave themselves; so are you, before you sail, to make it publickly known, not only to all your Officers, but Men, that such as shall behave themselves well, and chearfully perform their Duty, in this Affair, which, it is hoped, may tend to the Advantage of the Nation, shall, at their Return, receive all fitting Reward and Encouragement.

You are, during your whole Voyage, to keep an exact Journal of your Proceedings, and of all Things remarkable, which shall occur to you; which, at your Return, you are to deliver, fairly writ, to this Board, under your Hand, and to no other; taking care to conform yourself to what is directed by the general printed Instructions annexed to your Commission, with regard as well to his Majesty's Honour, as to the Government of the Ship under your Command; except as to what relates to your Journal, as aforesaid: And when you shall find, that youv can make no further Discovery for the Good of the Nation, you are to take care not to put the King to any unnecessary Charge by staying abroad, but to return to England, as soon as may be, with the Ship you command, calling in at Plymouth; from whence, if you find no Orders there to the contrary, you are to repair to the Downes, and remain there till further Orders: And you are, by all Opportunities which you shall meet with, to send this Board an Account of your Proceedings: And, during the whole Term of your Voyage, you are to take particular Care not to annoy any of his Majesty's Subjects, or those of his Allies, but rather to give them what Assistance you can, without Hindrance or Prejudice to the Affair whereon you are employed.

And, for the better lengthening out your Provisions, you are to put the Men under your Command, when you come out of the Chanel, to Six to Four Men's Allowance; assuring them, That they shall be punctually paid for the same at the End of the Voyage. Dated at the Admiralty Office, this 30th of November 1698.

To Captain Dampier, Commander H. Priestman, of his Majesty's Ship the Roc- G. Rooke, buck: Downes. J. Kendall.

20th December 1699. A true Copy,

J Burchett.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Avon Navi- Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Avon Ration. navigable, from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum, more effectual, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Pa istsPro- Ordered, That the Bill for hindering Papists from dis-tcstautHeirs. inheriting their Protestant Heirs be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he w>as directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Packing ton. Army Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Cotton, Lord Chenie, Mr. Arrears. Parkhurst, Mr. Chivers, Sir Robert Marsliam, Mr.

Freke, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir Robert Eden, Mr, Trcdenhmn, Mr. Shackerly, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Blisse, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Carta\ be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commit

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 21 die Decembris3 ii° Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray ers.

A* PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Avonar Common Council, and the Master and Society of Froom Merchants, of the City of Bristoll, on the behalf of V1®atl0u themselves, and the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House and read; setting forth,

That *

.....That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Yates do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Tenants of several Ditto Mills on the River Avon, betw een the Cities of Bath and Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath; which, should it pass, will greatly damage the Petitioners Weirs and Mills on the said River, and be of no Service to the Publick: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, to offer their Objections against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Bakers of the City of Bristoll was Ditt< presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill now before the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, should pass, the same will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, because they cannot grind their Corn ariy-where else than upon the said River; nor will the same be serviceable to the Publick, as is pretended: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Citizens, Inhabitants of the City j>it of Bristoll, Merchants, Traders, &;c. wras presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, cannot be serviceable to the Publick; but w ill be very injurious to the Petitioners, if it should pass: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for making the Act, for making the River Avon Di navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum,

13 wore

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

11 W. III. 210 Decembris:89

more effectual, was, according to Order, read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Tmde to A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun-

(iemany. cil, Merchants, Fullers, and other Traders in the Wool-lea Manufactures of the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a loose and unregulated Trade, in exporting the Woollen Manufactures of England by Foreigners, upon equal Terms with our Natives, hath been the Occasion, that Foreigners have almost gotten the sole Trade of exporting our Woollen Manufactures into Holland and Flanders; whereby they have gotten the Opportunities of governing the Markets, debasing the Manufactures, and exporting them almost unmanufactured; to the endangering the Loss of that advantageous Trade to this Nation: That the Petitioners conceive, the only Way to restore the said Trade, and prevent the said growing Inconveniences, is to support the Company of Merchant Adventurers of England: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, That the said Company may be supported in their Trade to Germany; and that all his Majesty's natural-born Subjects may be admitted into the said Company, for such Fine as the House shall think fit Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Seymour and Mr. Stratford do prepare, and bring in, the Bill,

WWlen A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, of the ancient Jiintik* Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, so great Quantities thereof remain in the Petitioners Hands, that they have been obliged to dismiss great Numbers of their Work-people, who are thereby reduced to

C Hardships: And praying the Consideration of the >e in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, within the City of New Surum, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor Persons depending on them, is referred.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Machell, in Custody of the Serjeant

iidiajgtd Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from jhhhcustody, gervice in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

% Half-pay. A Petition of Captain Le Wiigkt, Lieutenant John Ftshwick, Lieutenant Gustavus Belford, Lieutenant John Highom, Lieutenant Oliver Wheeler, and Ensign James Nicholson, English Officers, that were reduced in Scotch Regiments, being the whole Number of them not in Half-Pay, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served in English Regiments at the Beginning of the late War, and were all removed into Scotch Regiments, for their Advancement; where they served until the Conclusion of the Peace; and their Names were inserted in the List of English Officers given in to this House, by his Majesty's Command, the last Session, to whom this House, 00 the 21st of April 1699, voted Half-pay: But afterwards, viz. on the 29th of the said April, the House voted Half-pay to such Officers only, who served in English Regiments at the time of their being reduced; whereby the Petitioners are debarred from the Reward of Half-pay'too, which they mkht as well hope for by their Services, as the rest of their Coua-tryrnen; and without it they must he reduced to great Hardships: And praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, That they may be allowed Half-pay, as well as other English Ofncers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; 0. end betaken into Consideration, when the List of the

Vol. 13.

Officers who have Half-pay shall be brought into the House.

A Petition of Robert Pellktm Gentleman, in behalf of Defective himself, and many others, was presented to the House, ^tles. and read; setting forth, That in 1629, there was due from his then Majesty King Charles the First, to several Persons, above 25,000l. for naval Stoics and Provisions; whereof the Petitioner is intitled to about 5,000/; and King Charles granted to Trustees several Demesne Lands of the Crown, to be sold to pay off the said Debt, and the Surplus to be answered to the Crown; but the said Trust was never performed, though, in order thereunto, there has been Proceedings in all the Reigns since; and particularly, in 1690, there was a Reference from the Lords of the Treasury to the then Solicitor General, now the Lord Chancellor; who reported, That some effectual Care ought to be taken, that the Creditors might be satisfied, and the Crown no longer kept out of the Surplusage of the said Lands: That the Petitioner is informed, the Bill now in this House, for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroach ments^ Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles, will debar the said Creditors from the Recovery of their said Debt: And praying, That he may be heard by his Counsel, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Qc- Absence, casions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Rye Harbour. Commonalty', of the Town and County of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thajt Rye harbour is the only Harbour upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, for above 100 Miles by Sea; and Ships of considerable Burden have thereby saved themselves in Stress of Weather: That the said Harbour lies opposite to Diep, and several other considerable Ports of France; and his Majesty's whole Navy might be there received formerly, or any Ships of War, to hinder the French from infesting our Coast; but now the said Harbour is sor choaked up by the Inning of Land, and making Floodgates and Walls cross the same, which stop the Slub, and yearly grows worse, that, now, not above 20 Sail of small Ships can lie in the said Harbour; and, if Care be not taken, a Ship of Burden w ill not be able to come in:

And praying, That some Course may be taken to restore the said Harbour of Rye tp its ancient Goodness, that so considerable a Harbour for the Benefit of the whole Nation rnay not be totally lost.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, and chief Inhabitants of the Town of Rye, is referred.

A Bill for hindering Papists from disinheriting their Papists Protestant Heirs was, according to Order, read the First Protestant time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day fortnight.

A Petition of John Lawton Esquire, was presented to Newcastle the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 28th UIjder.Line of November last, the Petitioner and Mr. Cotton stood Election* Candidates for One of the Burgesses for the Town of New* castle under Line in the County of Staffed; and the Petitioner polled 140, and Mr. Cotton 155; but a great many of his Voices were unqualified, by reason they received Alms of the said Tow n; and the Petitioner bad the Majority of qualified Votes, and ought to have been returned; and, besides this, Mr. Cotton, and hie Agents, expended upon the Voters above 300/, in Meat and Drink, also A a beneficial

Leave of Absence.

Privilege-Assault of a Member.

Supply*

Bedford

Election.

90 210' Decembris. . 1699.

beneficial Presents, and Sums of Money, as Bribes to se* veral Persons for their Votes, and Promises to others of Leases of Houses and Lands; all which Proceedings are contrary to a late Act of Parliament to prevent Ex peaces in Elections; and are injurious to the Petitioner Y Right: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Phippard have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Sir John Phillips, a Member of this House, as he was Yesterday going from the House, was, in Westnimster-hall, assaulted, and otherwise affronted, by Simon Harcourt Esquire, a Clerk in the Crown Office; in Contempt, and Breach of the Privileges, of this House;

Ordered, That the said Simon Harcourt be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Contempt, and Breach of the Privileges, of this House.

Mr. Cony&'s, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seven Thousand. Men be the Complement for Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred, for Thirteen Months,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for maintaining the said Seven thousand Men, Four Pounds per Man per Month be allowed; including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Rowland Gwynn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Election for the County of Bedford; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Duncomb and Thomas Bromsall Esquires, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of the Lord Edward Russell and Sir Wm. Gostwick to serve for the County of Bedford:

That the ^Majority of the Poll was agreed to be with the Sitting Members.

But the Petitioners Counsel complained of an irregular Proceeding in Two Points:

1st, That Persons w'ho had voted for One of the Candidates, and afterwards came, and would have given their Second Vote for another Candidate, were denied their Second Vote.

2dly, That several of the Sitting Members Votes were gained by Treating.

That, upon the First Point, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if a Person, having a Right to vote for Tw o Members to serve in Parliament, shall give a single Vote, such Person hath not a Right to come afterwards, and give his Second Vote, during the said Election,

That, as to the' Point of Treating, the Counsel called several Witnesses:

John Green said, That he kept the Falcon Inn at Bedford; and that Mr. Hayes, formerly a Servant to Sir Wm. Gostwick, but now an Innkeeper at Bedford, took up his Inn for the Lord Russell and Sir Wm. Gostwick: That Mr. Blosse, Sir Wm. Gostwick's Servant, told the said Green} He should receive wrhat Money he could of the Freeholders, and Sir Wm. Gostwick would pay the rest: That, in August last, he went to Sir Wm. Gostwick's, to ask his Money: That Sir Wm. Gostwick at first was very angry, and said, he knew nothing of it; but afterwards told him, he would see among them to help him to his Money: That, of 140, whose Reckoning came to 12d. a piece, some paid nothing, and some paid but 2 d.: That the Charge in his House that Day came to about 161.; and Mr. Blosse dined with some of them.

John Lovell, Tho: Joyce, Tho. Beaumont, Tho. Cock, said, That they w ere at the Falcon Inn the Day of the Election; and that all, except Cock, respectively declaring for the Lord Edward Russell and Sir William Gostwick, were told, That they might eat and drink, paying only a Peny or 2 d.: And that, at their going away, they paid nothing: And that Cock was offered to eat and drink for nothing: But Cock declaring he might be but for One of the Sitting Members, Green told him, then he must pay Half, and leave Half; which accordingly he did. Cock said, He voted only for Mr. Bromsall.

James Muns said, That he kept the White Horse Inn; and that several, to the Number of 16 or 17, came to his House by the Direction of one Clerk, a Collar-maker to Sir Wm. Gostwick; which Persons the said Muns did trust, upon the said Clerk's Account: That afterwards the said Muns and Clerk went to Mr. Tidford, Sir Wm. Gostwick's Bailiff for the Money; who told him he must stay till Sir Wm. Gostwick was settled in the House: That Clerk went with him to Sir Wm. Gostwick's; but Sir Wm. would promise him nothing: That afterwards they spoke again to Mr. Tidford; and they all wjent to Sir Wm. Gost~ wiek's; and Mr. Tidford came out, and said, he had no Orders: Whereupon Clerk said, there was no Truth in Man; And Clerk afterwards paid the said Muns by Degrees, himself, with his own Money.

John Richards said, That he kept the Half Moon Inn; and that 16 or 17 Men having dined at his House, whose Reckoning came to about 18 d. apiece, Five or Six not paying, he went the next Morning to Mr. Tidford, w'ho asked him, w ho he w as for: And the said Richards answering, for Mr. Bromsall, the said Mr. Tidford asked him to be for Sir Wm. Gostwick; and said, it would be taken kindly: Which the said Richards promised him; but told Mr. Tidford of the Reckoning: Whereupon Mr. Tidford said, when Sir Wm. was settled, it should be paid: The Persons said, if Mr. Tidford did not pay, they would pay themselves; and Three of them since had paid; the others had not.

Richard Shazo said, He lived, at the time of the Election, as a Servant, at the Bell Inn: That his Mistress desired him not to mention Sir William Gostwick's Name; but told him all that came in Esquire Caters Name might eat and drink on Free-cost: That at Night Six came in, that said they had polled for Sir Win. Gostwick; and he had Orders to give them Meat and Drink; and they drank plentifully^ Afterwards another Company came in of Eight: And when they had drank 2d. apiece, on a? whispered another, That it was hard they must pay that w'ere for Sir William Gostwick and the Lord Russell: Whereupon he told his Mistress, and by her Order gave them their Money again: And that Night, and the next Day, there was spent in the House to the Value of 15/.: And that Sir Wm. Gostwick's Servants were hard by, and about 20 People wdth them.

Robert Roebuck, John Rogers, said, That they polled for Sir William Gostwick, and spent 2d. apiece; and afterwards had their Money given again by Shaw, that then attended as Tapster, as others also had.

Edward Brockis said, That be was af the Election:

That

IIW. III. a I0 — 22°

That Mr. Bret, a Tenant to the Duke of Bedford, gave him Half-a-crown to treat himself and others, by the Way to Bedford: That, when he came to Bedford\ all was paid there also: And that Six or Eight Men came in, and asked for Victuals, and said, They were for Sir Wm. Gostwick and the Lord Russell; And the Woman of the House said, they might have what they would; but must be very private: That the Clerk of the Kitchen to the Duke of Bedfoi'd, upon his saying, He was not able to go to the Election, told him, If he would hire a Horse, the Charge should be borne: That Mr. Toy lor, the Duke of Bedford's Bailiff, provided a Waggon for others: And that all the Parish, that went with him, were for the Lord Russell and Sir Wm, Gostwick.

Henry Broun, Laur. Crawley, John Oldhill, said, They had all their Dinners paid for by Mr. Bret, a Tenant to the Duke of Bedford: And that Bret paid for 24 Persons. Brown said, That he went down in Mr. Taylors Waggon, and had his Expenses bore; and Craw-fey said, He had his Horse-hire paid.

Tho. Worcester said, That he was One of the Persons treated by Mr. Brett at the Bell Inn.

That the Petitioners Counsel also insisted on the Partiality of the Sheriff, who, they said, did take Two Voices for the Sitting Members, w hen they refused them for the Petitioners. And called

Mr. John Hervey: Who said, That the Sheriff did admit Second Votes, till the Sitting Members protested against it; and, after such Protestation, flump. Fitch Esquire, gave a Second Vote for the Sitting Members; but it was at another Court: And it did not appear, that the Person who took the Poll there, w as acquainted with such Protestation; or that the Sheriff himself had desisted from taking the Second Votes.

The Sitting Members Counsel insisted, That the Sitting Member that had fewest Votes, had more shan either of the Petitioners, by above Six hundred: And, to answer the Point of Treating, called

John Deer, Tho. Hayes: Who said, That Mr. Tid-ford, a Servant to Sir Wm. Gostwick, came to them, and desired them to go with him to the several Inns at Bedford; which they did, and told the People of the said inns, That they should recommend several Freeholders to come there; but bid them take Money of them for what they had; for that the Lord Russell and Sir JVII-ham Gostioick would be at no Charge.

Betij. Hasletonsmd, That John Green desired him to assisthim in making up his Bills for the last Election: And the said Iiasleton asking him, Who gave him Orders to trust the Freeholders; the said Green told him, That he had no Orders to trust the Freeholders, either from the Lord Russell, or Sir Wm. Gostwick, nor did he know when he should be paid; for Sir William Gostwick had refused to pay him.

That the Sitting Members Counsel were ready to have examined other Witnesses: But, the Committee seeming satisfied, they were not examined.

And the Committee came to these Resolutions:

2d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Edward Russell is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bedford.

3d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William Gostwick is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bedfoi'd.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Resolution be postponed.

The Second and Third Resolutions, being /severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the House proceeded upon the Consideration of the said Resolution which was postponed: And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

You 13.

Decenibris. 91

Resolved, That this House wdll, Tomorrow Morning, Blackwell-after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for kal1 C1°th the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act Warket-to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the Factors there, have sat, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 22° die Decembris; n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers, and others con- Exporting f\ cemed in the Woollen Manufactures, residing in Wool, the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, in behalf of themselves and thousands of Poor depending on them, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, for many Years, most of the Petitioners Manufactures have been exported to Flanders, where they are now prohibited, by reason some of their Manufactures are prohibited here; so that they are setting up the Trade of making Cloth there, to the Impoverishing of the Petitioners, and the Ruin of many poor Families, who are become burdensome to the said Borough for want of Employment: And the Petitioners conceive, That the vast Quantities of Wool exported hath also very much conduced to the Decay of bur Woollen Manufacture; which might he prevented, if a sufficient Fund wrere provided, to delray the Charge of proper Officers, to put the Laws in Execution, for suppressing that Mischief: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, for the Encouragement of the Consumption of the English Woollen Manufactures in foreign Parts; and that the Laws, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, may be diligently executed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, within the City of New Sarum} and others depending on them, is referred.

A Petition of Alexander Christie and Wm. Gowrdon, Army late Serjeants in Captain John Gowrdon's Company in Arrears the Honourable Sir David Collier, now Lord Portmore' s Regiment, and several other; private Centinels in the said Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the petitioners are disbanded, and great Arrears of Pay are due to them; which the said Lord Portmore refuses to pay then), though long ago he received Money enough to clear the said Regiment; and he paid the Serjeants of his Regiment but 6s. per Week Subsistence, when the Serjeants of other Regiments punctually received 7 s. per Week: And praying, That the said Lord Portmore may be obliged to pay the Petitioners what Arrears shall appear to be due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Gordon, Administrator of Cap- Ditto, tain John Gordon, his late Brother, deceased, on behalf of himself, and the Creditors of the said Captain John Gordon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Captain Gordon served in the Lora Portmores Regiment from the 31st of December 1688, to the Month of July 1692, when he died: And Mr.

William Hamilton, Agent to the said Regiment, possessed himself of all his Cloaths, Arms, ready Money, and

Accounts;

Aitny

Arrears.

Ditto*

Westminster Small Debts.

Avon

Navigation.

92

Accounts; and brings in the said Captain indebted to the said Regiment above 124/.; yet refuses to give any attested Account, though he has received the whole Sum from the Treasury: And the Petitioner can prove, That there was due to his said Brother 18 Months Arrears and 29 Weeks Subsistence r Yet Mr. Hamilton will not come to an Account, nor pay the Petitioner what is due to his late Brother; for want of which, many of his Creditors are in great Want: And praying, That the Lord Portmore and Mr. Hamilton may be brought to account with and pay the Petitioner what was due to his said Brother; Mr. Hamilton having made several Appointments so to do, but never kept his Word therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of . Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Joseph Wildman, and others, in behalf of themselves, and others, lately disbanded out of his Majesty's Colstream Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they cannot get their Officers to make up their Accounts, although they have often importuned them thereto; bidding the Petitioners take their Course at Law, w7ell knowing their starving and necessitous Condition, and that they are not able to prosecute them: And praying, That some speedy Course may be taken for bringing their Officers to a just Account, and paying the Petitioners what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Michael Fonder, and several others, being Foreigners, who were Troopers in the Regiment of Horse commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Mac-cksfeiid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were disbanded in March last, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament; but their Officers stript them of their Cloaths and Accoutrements, without giving them any Satisfaction, or any Account of their Arrears; and the Petitioners are not able to defray the Charge of travelling into their native Countries, being Foreigners, without the Assistance and Relief of this House in the Premises: And praying the Consideration of the House, That they may be relieved iu their just Complaints.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the said City, and Liberties thereof, there is an ancient Court, holding Pleaof Debts and Damages under 405.; which was an easy and speedy Remedy for Recovery of small Debts, until, of late, the Proceedings of the said Court have been obstructed; and Persons are unwilling to trust for small Sums, because they cannot recover them but at great Charge; whereby the poorer Sort of People, who have not ready Money, cannot be trusted for Goods to employ themselves in their Trades; whose Poverty thereby daily increaseth: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the said Obstructions, and recovering the ancient Remedy by suit in the said Court.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harcourt and Mr. Thursby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Company of Innholders of the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the Housq for 7

1699.

the making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath; which Bill, if it should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, and be no ways advantageous to the public Good, as is pretended: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill, before the same be suffered to pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, as by the Petition is desired.

Mr. Carter reported, from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Journals for the last Sessions, what was done upon the Petition of John Goodall, and others, relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet, the Matter, upon the Petition of Jacob Massey, and others, touching the Escape of one Feiting, a Dutchman, as it appeared to the Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

That Mr. Grove, the Petitioners Counsel, opened the Petitioners Case as in the Petition; and alledged, That in case his Clients had proceeded as far as the Law would allow; yet, by the Practice of the Wardens of the Fleet in suffering Escapes, a Plaintiff is no nearer the Recovery of his Debt than when he commenced his Action; by reason that he must begin a new' Action of Escape against the Warden, if ever any Satisfaction is expected: And proceeded to prove the Matter of the Petition.

Mr. Rudge, the Petitioners Attorney, said, That in June last the Petitioner Massey told him, That he, and the rest of the Petitioners, had delivered to one FYitrng, a Dutchman, at the City of Paris, certain Diamonds, of the Value of 700 /. to be by him polished for the Petitioners; and that Feiting had run away with the Diamonds, and was come to England; and desired Mr. Rudge to advise him what was fit to be done therein: Upon which, Mr. Rudge advised an Action of Trover; and accordingly Feiting was arrested in London, at the Suit of the Petitioner Massey only.

That Feiting turned himself over to the Fled by Habeas Corpus: in obtaining which, he being brought before Judge Poxcell, the Informant prayed, in behalf of his Clients, That Feiting might be kept in safe Custody of the Warden of the Fleet; and the Judge strictly charged, That he should. And afterwards the Informant, while Feiting was in Custody, delivered at the Fleet Five several Declarations in Five Actions, at the several Suits of the Petitioners.

Since which, the Warden of the Fleet did own to the Informant, That Feiting had escaped from the Fleet: notwithstanding which, the Petitioner Massey proceeded in his said Action; and, upon a Writ of Enquiry of Damages, a Jury of Middlesex gave him 310/. Damages, besides Costs of Suit: But the Petitioner cannot charge the said Feiting in Execution, by reason of the said Escape.

Mr. Groce also called one Hall, a Witness, to prove the other Part of the Petition; which charges, That the Warden of the Fleet took 20 Guineas Consideration for the Escape of Feiting: But, his Evidence being only Hearsay, the Committee did not think fit to examine him.

To answer which Complaint;

Mr. Ford, the Warden of the Fleet, owned, That Feiting was his Prisoner as aforesaid, and is escaped; but that he took all the Care he could to prevent it, having heard that Feiting had formerly broke Gaol, for which Reason, he not only confined him within the Walls of the Prison, but set a Waiter over him Night and Day, and designed to remove him to the King's Bench; which Feitp ing hearing of, proposed to give Security by Four Persons, such as he believes the Sheriff would have accepted, for his true Imprisonment; who accordingly entered into a Bond of 2*oooo/. Penalty, and a Warrant to confess

Judgment

22° Decembris.

King's E and Fie* Prisons,

i1 w; III.

22° Deemh

m

Judgment thereon; which he has entered up since Feltings Escape, and believes the Security will be sufficient ,to ausuer the Petitioner Massey's Demands; but does qot think himself obliged by law it) make the other Petitioners any Satisfaction.

That a Writ of Error is brought upon Massey's Proceedings: To prove which h£ called Antony Grindall, Clerk of the Inquiries to the Fleet, who said, That, by the M aiden's Direction, he brought the said Writ of Error; and produced a Certificate thereof, under the Clerk of the Errors Hand: But owned, That he had not seen Felting for Two Months last; apd that he had no Directions from him to bring ^ucji Wrif.

That he made Inquiry into die Sufficiency of the said Four Sureties; and was informed, That they were all Housekeepers; the First worth about tool, the Second worth 300l. the Third about 80/. and the Fourth had a House well furnished, and his Wife took Pawns; but that, since Feiting's Escape, the First bad ^bscoudpd {

The Fest are all in being.

Mr. Grove alleged, That Security on mesne Process ought not to be taken; and, that a Gaoler cannot bring a Writ of Error.

To which the Warden replied;

That it was always the Practice of the Fleet to take Security for Prisoners upon mesne Process; and be thought himself safer in that Case than by confining Felting, not having a Power to shackle or fetter Prisoners; and hopes he might bring a Writ of Error, or make what Defence he could, for his Indemnity; and believes he shall recover his Prisoner in a Week's time; but denies be ever received mere from him than his bare Fees.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this (Committee, That the Petitioners h^vc fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition, except that Part which charges die Warden of the Fleet with taking Twenty Guineas for the voluntary Escape of the said The said Resolution being read a^Secopd time; , Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition, except that Part which charges the Warden of the Fleet with taking Twenty Guineas for the voluntary Escape of the said jbeiting.

[A Complaint being made to the House, That, although Delay in a new Writ issued long since, for the electing a Burgess to St. Jciajmw serve jp jthis present Parliament for the Borough of St. Um' Jermans. in the County of Cornwall-, there is no Account of the s$pe Jt>eing brougfit, as yet, to the proper Officer of the said Borough; . ' "

Ordered, That a Committee Be appointed to inquire where the Default has been, that the said Writ has' not been delivered to the proper Officer, in order to the Execution thereof:

And it is referred to flffr. Scobell, Sir Edward -

ford, Mr. Harcourt, Mf. Gwynn, Sir Joseph Mr.

Smith, Mr. Vincent,' Mr. Dolben, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Rich. Cocks; and all that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are <0 meet, this Afternoon' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilf jtp Governors of punish Governors of Plantations here, for Crimes by them Hamauo^. committed in the Plantations: And that Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

a

1 <.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a Black west' Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bjll for HdK-loih the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, An ar ' Act to resitoie the Market at Blaclca/ell-hajl to the Clothier?; and for regulafiqg PflQtoqs there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eyres took the Chw of the Comnptfee.

Mr. Speaker resulted -the Chajf. .1

Mr . Eyresreported from the said Committee, That ' they had gone through the Bill, and ipa^e several Ameudr ments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Blathwaite, according to Order, presented to the Half-pay. House, from the Commissary General of the Musters, a List of Persons who had Half Pay, who have been-otherwise provided for.

And the Title thereof was read. '

And the List is as followeth; v

Captains, &c.

The Colonel Lord Lovelace -JValt. Leoeson -

William Coward

Lieutenants.

Cornets.

Colonel Harcy's Regufteat of Horse.

- I -

Colonel Windsors Regiment of Horse.

- - - - \ And. Windsor

Colonel Lloyds Regiment of Dragoons.

1 1

Pari of Essex's Regiment of Dragoons'.

- - Walter P tulips.

Colonel Leigh's Regiment of Dragoons.

Ben. Colembine - - \ Tho. Hodges

Earl of Denbigh's Regiment of Dragoons. - . - - John Feilding.

Quarter-masters.

Wm. Williams.

Regiments.

Major General Erie -

Late Duke of Bolton's

Colonel Brudnall's

Colonel Saundcrsons Colonel Gibson's Colonel Farringtons Colonel Northcot's Colonel Holt's -

Vol. 13.

F O O T.

Captains, ttc.

Lieutenant Colonel Freke Amb. Edgworth - " -

The Colonel

Tho. Dele Hen. Lyons

Ensigns.

Lieutenants.

Robert Wind.

GeO. Hazard. Gilbert Abbott.

John Farnham. Arth. Booth. Geo. Harrison. Bb

Rich. Legg.

John Pippin.

Robert Wandsbrough. Hump. Corry.

Wm. Weddall.

MARINES.

94

33° Decembris. — 40 Januarii.

MARINES.

A. 1699.

ftfgiiilents. f Captains, tec. Lieutenants* Ensigns.

Chlonel Seymours - " -> Colonel Mordaunt's - Lieutenant Col. Newton. The Colonel - - Fran. Fowlk. —

D E A D.

‘ - Colonel Northcot J Major Tho. Burrington Cha. Morgan - - Andr. Hickman -Stanly Russell. -Gam. Lloyd. Rich. Coote. Wm. Leveson. Jo. Meenesse.

Elias Pratt, Quarter Master of Dragoons. Dennis Foy, Quarter Master of Foot

Oi'dered, That Mr. do lay before this

llouse an Account of all Vacancies which nave happened in the Army, since the Half-pay was established; and how they have been supplied.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee of Privileges and Elections, who are to sit this Day.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Sevennight; It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House be called over upon Thursday come Se-yennight; and that such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of -the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go. forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f ?ir Edward "

1 euei s for me I eas,£ Mr:

Call of the llouse.

Tellers for UkNoo.^1;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

103.

1

79:

Charge by Duplicates, Ac,

Members

departing

without

Leave,

Ai

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Charge by the Duplicates, and what the Produce of the several Counties oi England Wales was, to the First Aid of Three Shillings in the Pound; and also of the First and last Quarterly Poll.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, take into Consideration how to proceed against such Members as depart the Service of the House without Leave; or stay longer than they have Leave; or that, being in Town, do neglect their daily Attendance upon the service of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Seven-night, Eight a Clock in the Morning.

Lacy's

Estate,

Jarvis, 4* die Januarii; n* Gulielmi TertiL

Prayers.

A PETITION of Arthur Lacy Esquire, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Father was seised of divers Manors and Lands; and, as he thought, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son William, sufficiently entailed the Barton and Demesnes of Hartraw, and other Manors, upon his Issue Male; and conveyed his Manors of Kingston, Seymour,

Upton, and Storminster, in the Counties of Somersett, Gloucester, and Dorsett, to Trustees for raising 2,400l. for Portions for his Three Daughters after his Death, with divers remainders over; and died: That had only One Daughter; and he suffered a Recovery of all, except the Barton and Demesnes of Hartrm, which stands

charged with his Wife's and Mother's Jointure, and barred the Remainders intailed; so that his Daughter goes away with all that Estate; and the other Premises settled to raise Portions for the Petitioner's Sisters, and his Mother's Jointure, are all that will come to him as Heir Male of his Family; and those being Western Manors, the Income will not pay the Interest of die Portions, the same being also mortgaged for 3,000l. raised to pay the said Portions; by which, and Debts contracted by the Petitioner, he is in a much worse Condition than his Sisters; though, if the said Western Manors were sold, they would yield a considerable Sum, more than sufficient to pay off the said Debt: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Sale of the said Western Manors, and Lands charged with the said Mortgage; and for laying out the Residue of the Money in a Purchase to the same Uses the said Manors and Lands are now settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

1

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Avoo Parish of Chipenham, and Others adjacent, near Bath, in Navigation, the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and' read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House for making the River Avon navigable from BristoBto Bath, if it should pass, as it now is, will be Vfery prejudicial to the Petitioners, and no ways serviceable to the Publick: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir Joseph Williamson, and the Lady Ka- Defective

therine Obrian, Baroness of Clifton, his Wife, only Sister t itle*, and Heir of Charles late Duke of Richmond and was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

ThaCupon the Petition of one Thomas Wise, the House hath ordered him to be heard by Counsel before the Committee, to whom the Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretencesof Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defectiveTitles, is committed, as to a Saving of his pretended Right to Sutton Marsh in ' Lincolnshire, Part of the said late Duke's Estate; out of which the said Wise was evicted Twenty-eight Years since, upon a Tryal at Law, without any Claim or Interruption since till now; and the said Estate is, by the Will of the said.Duke, subjected to the Payment of Debts and legacies; and, pursuant to Decrees in Chancery, the same is conveyed to the Petitioner Sir Joseph, as a Security for a great Sum of Money by him paid for the said Debts; and afterwards for the Benefit of the Lord Cornbury:

And praying, That they may be heard before the said Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, to offer their Objections against such particular Saving.

Ordered, That , the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

committed:

11 W. III.

4° Januarii.

95

committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel thereupon.

Defective

Titles.

Mr. Fates, according to Order, presented to the Avon aid House a Bill for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and J Frown; and cleansing the Streets of ., av, ga ,0D' the City of BristolI: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning

next.

A Petition of Ann Savidge, Widow of Captain Robert Army Savidge, deceased, Provost Marshal to his Majesty's Arrears-

A Petition of Edward Lord Cornbury. on behalf of

himself and Katherine Lady Cornbury, his Wife, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That one Tho. Wise, having petitioned the House touching the Bill committed, for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments,

Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles; it was English Forces in Ireland', and of and

ordered, That he should be heard by Counsel before the others, private Horsemen in the late Troop commanded said Committee, as to a Saving of his pretended Right to by the said Captain Savidge; was presented to the House, Sutton Marsh in Lincolnshire, Part of the Estate of the and read; setting forth, That there is due to the late Duke of Richmond, deceased; out of which the said Widow Savidge, for her Husband's Pay, no/, 11$. 8</.; Wise was evicted, upon a Tiyal at Law before the late and to the other Petitioners 244/. 15 s. iod.; as may Lord Chief Justice Hales, about Twenty-eight Years appear by a stated Account, by the Commissioners of ago, without any Claim or Interruption to the Duke, or Accounts in Ireland, and Mr. Foxes Report; but the any claiming under him, till now; And praying to be Widow cannot get any Part of what is due to her; the heard by Counsel before the said Committee, against any other Petitioners, who received-a Moiety of the 244/. such particular Saving, and the Consequences thereof. cannot, nor have not received any Part of the other Moiety Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition since 1693, though reduced to great Necessities: And

be referred to the said Committee; And that the Peti tioners be heard by their Counsel thereupon.

Westminster Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a Small Debts. Court of Conscience in the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

praying, That they may be paid what is.respectively due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Exporting

Wool.

Papists

Protestant

Heirs.

Mr. Topha m,according to Order, presented to the A Petition of Thomas Macmillon, and Others, late Dittr House a Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace: And Serjeants and Corporals in the late Queen's Regiment of the same was received; and read the First time. Foot, commanded by the Honourable Brigadier

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon ney, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

Tuesday Morning next. That they served in the said Regiment ever since the

Raising of it, and were disbanded in March last; but A Petition of the Clothiers of the City of Coventry, never could get any Account from their Officers for Sub-pi behalf of themselves, and many hundreds that depend sistence or Arrears, without complying with their unjust upon them, in and about the said City, was presented to Deductions for Powder, Ball, Debts in Quarters, Trans-the House, and rea<l; setting forth, That, for many Years portation, and otherCharges allowed by the King; where-past, they have found a general Decay of the Trade in ^3' they cut off most of the Petitioners Arrears, and bring the Woollen Manufactures, to their great Impoverish- some in debt; to their great Grievance and Impoverishment, and Increase of the Poor; The Causes whereof are, went; And praying, That their Case may be taken into the Exportation of our Wool, the grea,t Consumption of Consideration, so as they may be paid their Arrears.

India Silks, and the prohibition of foreign Lace; which Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition has put the Netherlands upon a Necessity of setting up a referred to the Committee, to whom) the Petition of Woollen Manufacture: And praying, That the Decay of Richard and others, is referred: And that they the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures may'be taken do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, into Consideration, and remedied. with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, and chief Rye Harbour, has been done upon the former Laws against the Exporta- Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Winchelsea, tion of Wool, and for encouraging the Woollen Manufac- in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That is the only Harbour for Ships upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, from Dover to Portsmouth; lies opposite to Dicp, and other considerable French Ports; and was a sufficient Reception for the whole Navy Royal; but now the Harbour is so choaked up with Slub, by the Inning of Land, and making Flood-gates and Walls cross the same, that not above 20 small Ships can now lie there; and if some speedy Care

tore; and to report the same to the House, with their Opinions, what may be further necessary to be done.

A Bill for the hindering Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Cocks, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Rider, Mr.

Bertie, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Ojfley, Mr. Hughes, Sir be not taken, a Ship of Burden will not be able to get in Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Carter, there, the Harbour yearly growing worse and worse; to Mr. Clanton, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Cook, Mr. Thorn- the great Discouragement ot Navigation and Trade: And

w vi v v rr i x vx > ~ n__________I — .._*___

hagh, Mr. Bamardiston, Sir James Houblon, Mr. Duke,

Mr. Dryden, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Mr. Thursby,

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Phillips', and, all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Army

Arrears.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracer, Major General Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Topham, Major General Mr. Mount ague, Brigadier Trdmney, Colonel King, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Ogle, Brigadier oeluin, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred.

Vol. 13.

praying, I bat some Course may be taken to restore the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness, which is for the Benefit of the w hole Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the Monday Morning next Homm.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Pickering have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence*

Leave of Absence*

A Member discharged from Custody.

Defective

Titles.

Dr. Stevens to preach on 30th Jan.

Assaying of Tlate.

Ditto.

Bone-lace.

40 — 8°Januarii. ^.1699.

Ordered, That the Lord Burleigh have Leave to go into the Country, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Pees.

Ordered, That Sir AbstrupusDanby and Mr. Stringer

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 8° die ;~

ii# Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED That Mr. Steroens be desired to preach before this House, upon the Thirtieth of January instant, at Saint Margaret's Westminster: And that Sir

Rowland Guynn do acquaint him therewith.

past, the Petitioners have kept above 1,000 Persons at Work in the Cloathing Trade; which now they are forced to put a Stop to, because great Quantities of last Year's Cloth lie upon their Hands unsold; by reason, as they conceive, of the Prohibition to import Flanders Lace here, which has occasioned a Prohibition of our Cloths there, where they have begun to set up the Woollen Manufacture; which will bring the Petitioners to great Want; And praying, That the Cloathing Trade to Flanders rosy be opened again, and the Exportation of our Wool prevented.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants in and about the Borough Copper of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, was presented to,u,18e-to the House, and read; setting forth, That the vast Quantities of Copper Coin in those Parts are become very burdensome; the Poor paying scarce any other Sort of money, and other People refusing to take them without Allowance; w hereby the Burden is like to fall on the poorer Sort of People; And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the coining any more Half-pence, or Earthings:

And that Mr. Wlute and Mr. Cartel' do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Goldsmiths of the City and County of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for making a new Standard for Silver, the Petitioners cannot exercise their Trades; for that their Plate is liable to a Seizure for want of the Britannia Mark, which they are uncapable to fix, unless they incur the Penalty of the Law: And praying, That the said Clause may be repealed; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the melting down of the current Coin of this Kingdom: and also to prevent all Manner of Frauds and Abuses in the ^Silver Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the Hoyse; together with their Opinion, what is fit to be done in relation to the Britannia Mark:

And it is referred to Sir Barth. , Lord Coningsby, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brother ton, Sir Francis Windham, Colonel Lee, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Carter, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Hayes, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Drake, Mr. Moinpes-son, Mr. White, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. How, Mr. Crane, Mr. Milbank, Sir John Mr.

Blaake, Mr. Sh acker ley:And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Goldsmiths, within the City of Chester, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the 8th and 9th Years of the King, for encouraging the bringing in wrought Plate to be coined, One Mark is prescribed for all Plate, which the Company of Goldsmiths of London have the doing of; so that the Petitioners Plate is liable to be seized for want of the said Mark; and thereby they are debarred from exercising their Trades: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Clothiers within the Borough of Kin) arc, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth^ That, for many Years

10

A Petition of the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses, of Avon the City of Wells; and also of the Gentlemen, Land- Navigatwn. holders, and other Inhabitants there, and in the neighbouring Parishes; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bill depending in the House, for making navigable the River Avon from Bristoll to Bath, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, and others: And praying. That they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of Daniel Small and Christopher Fowler, Ditto. Trustees for the rest of the Proprietors of the Undertaking for bringing fresh Water into the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That in 1695, the Petitioners obtained a Grant from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Council of Bristoll, for laying Pipes and Aqueducts in their Streets; paying 150/. Fine, and 1661. 13*4 d.every Seventh Year for 200 Years:

And, as the most convenient Place from whence to bring the best Water, the Proprietors fixed upon Harmam Mills, on the River Avon, Five Miles from Bristoll, for which they paid 900l. Fine; and are to pay 9 per Annum, for 200 Years: That, in the 7th and 8th Years of the King, they had an Act of Parliament to lay their Pipes from Hannam Mills to Bristoll; and have expended hear 18,000 /. in the said Undertaking: But there is a Bill in this House, for making the said River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, which will not only destroy the said Undertaking, without making the Proprietors Satisfaction, but also subject them to the several Actions of many hundreds of their Tenants, with whom they have covenanted by Leases, to supply them with Water: And praying the Consideration of their Case; and that they may be heard by Counsel, at the Bar. of the House, or be otherwise relieved, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Mealmen of the City of Bristoll, was Ditto, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill, for making the River Avon from Bristoll to Bath navigable, should pass into a Law, it will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, for want of Meal to supply

the

I® V

jOH

S life

'"-uc.

I*

1

J

x I W. III.

8° Janttarii.

97

Avon Navigation.

.opper JfliU <Jt

the said City: And praying to be heard by Counsel, against the Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders of Castlecombe, Grittleton, and Vat Ion, in the County of

Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House for making the Kiver Avon from Bristol/ to Bath navigable, will not be serviceable to the Piiblink, as is pretended; but will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, if it should pass: And praying to be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the same

Oid red. That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom. the said Bill is

tive Countries, and faithfully served in the late Wars> are in a perishing Condition, without Money or friends:

And praying, that their Accounts may be fairly stated; and that they may be paid what is justly due to them, the Money remaining in the Earl of Ranelagh's Hands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Aicho/ls, and others, is referred.

A Petition of Richard C'umbe and Kenneth Army

late Serjeants in the Regiment commanded by the Ho- Arrear*. nourable Colonel George Hamilton, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is above 40/. due to each of them for Arrears, 2s. per Week being stopped out of their Subsistence for above Five Years together: 3 j. 6d. per W eek for Cloathing; and yet they wanted Waistcoats, Shifts, Shoes, and Cravats, and

committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Linings for Three Coats; and the Petitioners have sought

Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

6o*e Navi- . A Petition of the Lord Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Fork, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have sustained great 1 fa-mage in their Trade and Commerce, for want of a iree and speedy Passage for Ships and Vessels upon the River Ouze, flowing to the said City, occasioned by the many Shallow s and Obstructions therein; the Removal w hereof would not only be a general Benefit to the said City, but a publick Advantage to all Parts adjacent: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and keeping the said River more navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And tout Sir Jl'illiam Robinson and Mr. Jenkins do prepare, and bring

for Relief ali manner of Ways; but cannot obtain any, though they arc in very great Distress: And praying, That what is due to them may be stopped in the Lord Ranelagh'sOffice, the Money being in his Majesty's Hands, to clear the said Regiment

Ordend, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Aicho/ls, and others, is referred.

Rye Harbour.

in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Paili/Ts, and Burgesses of the Borough of in Lancashire,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Rye is the only Harbour for Ships from Dover to Portsmouth, where many Ships have been saved in Stress of Weather; and also lies opposite to Diep, and several other Ports of France; from whence also bhips of War used to go out, and prevent Privateers from infesting the Coast; and was capable of receiving his Majesty's whole Navy: But now the Harbour is so decayed by the Inning of Land, and making Flood-gates and Cross-walls, that the Slub stops, and the Harbourgrows yearly worse and worse; so that in few Years a Ship of Burden will not be able to get in; and, if some Care be not taken to remove the l lood-gates and Walls, this advantageous Harbour will be utterly lost: And praying, That such Course may be taken as may restore the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rj/c is referred.

A Petition of John Inman, a Soldier, formerly under the Com, 1.and 01 Sir Francis Compton Knight, Lieutenant Colonel, and FhouutsRush and for-

merly Souliers under Henry Road, Major of the Regiment of Light Horse commanded by the Right Honours able tire 1 arl of Oxford, in behalf of themselves, and other Soldiers in the said Troop, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Officers have great Arrears due to the Petitioners in their Hands; but, w hile they were under Comp land, got several Acquittances from them, for Fear of their Officers Displeasure; to be relieved against which, the Petitioners preferred their Pill in the Exchequer against Sir Fr arte is Compton and Major Boade, who, after Delay, put in their Answers, and thereby insist on the said Acquittances, to prevent the Petitioners from ravelling into their Accounts; and the Petitioners, being poor, arc not able to prosecute the sa:d Suit: And praying the Assistance of the House to enforce their Officers to a lair Account, and to pay what is due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom tire Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred.

Ditto.'

Employing the Poor.

Ordered That the Committee appointed to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, have Power to prepare, and bring a Bill or Bills for that Purpose.

Newark, Sec. Elections.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Tow n of'Act varkin the County of Nottingham, and the Town of Newport in the Isle of made upon

Thursday Morning next

Army A Petition of Charles Bruce, and others, Soldiers, who

Arrears. served in the Honourable Baron Van Regiment of Dutch Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they, having great Arrears of Pay due to them, were forced to sign Notes for a Quarter Part of it, or they must have starved; and now' the Petitioners, who are Strangers, and remote from their na-Voi,. 13,

A Petition of Francis Molyneux, Citizen of London, Ditto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, on the 7th of January 1697, a Petition of the Subaltern Officers and Troopers of the Duke of -berg's Regiment was presented to this House, complaining of Arrears due to them from the now Petitioner; which was referred to a Committee; who came to a Resolution, which was agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz. " Resolved, That there is au Ar-"rear of Pay due to the Petitioners, which is incumbent " upon the Colonel to see satisfied;" That thereupon the Petitioner stated his Accounts with the said Duke; and, by an Award of Two indifferent Persons, it appeared, That there was due to the Petitioner, from the said Regiment, 533/, i8j. 4</,; for which the Duke gave the Petitioner a Letter of Attorney to receive the same of the Paymaster General of the Army; but he refuses to pay the same: And praying inch Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of Thame* the Company of Watermen, on behalf of the said Com- Watermen, pany j and also of several Lightermen, on the behalf of C c themselves,

\ Bnywbaht

I IlMtAlb HoththI

I MSnest »nJ

Black well-hall Cloth Market,

Call of the House.

Defaulters.

Committees,

Januarii. A. 1699.

themselves, and others; was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth, That, by the Statutes of the 2<J and 3d of Phill. and Mary, and the 1st of Jacobi the 1st, for preventing the Loss of Persons Lives and Goods by unskilful Watermen, it was enacted, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London should yearly elect Eight Persons, to be called Rulers and Overseers of the Watermen, for keeping good Order amongst them, and making such others as should be thought necessary: But certain doubts have arisen touching the Construction and Execution thereof whereby his Majesty is prejudiced in respect of Seamen in time of War, and the Lives and Goods of many Persons hare been lost, and Gentlemen are daily disturbed in taking Water: To prevent which Inconveniencies, and the like which attend Lightermen also, fori want of due Order and Government amongst them, the Petitioners pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Explaining, and more effectual Execution, of the said Statutes; and for the providing One good' Government amongst the Watermen ana Lightermen for the future; subject to the Powers given by the said Statutes to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skalkt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the Factors there, bemad§ upon JWednesday Morning next.

The House was, according to Order, called over: And several. Members, who made Default to appear, were excused, either upon Account of Sickness, or other very necessary Occasions; and others were, upon the Question severally put*.not excused; viz. Henry Darell Esquire,; Henry Mmnaton Esquire, and Thomas Trenchr Esquire.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Ralph Freeman Esquire, be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, firo: } *30.

Tellers for the Noes {lh/c/me*:} 10°*

So it was resolved in the'Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Air. Darell be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

The House taking notice, That the said Air. Manna* ton made Default to appear upon their last Call; and that lie was then ordered to be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in respect thereof; they required the Serjeant to give an Account what he had done in Execution of the Warrant, to him directed, for that Purpose: Whereupon the Serjeant acquainted the House, That he had sent One of his Messengers to the said Air. Mannalons House at;

and that he was there informed, that he was gone towards London the 15th of December last; and that, although the Messenger stayed thereabouts several Days, he could not hear, of him there, nor yet about this Town, since that Time.

Ordered, That the said Mr. do surrender

himself into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, by this Day Fortnight inclusive, at furthest, upon Pain of incurring the further Displeasure of this House, and of being proceeded against as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Air. Trenchard be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir John Rogers, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Avon Navi. JVm. Cook, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. gation. Hughes, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Thornhagh, Air.

Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Osborne, Sir Roger Bradshaw,

Admiral Hobson, Sir Hen. Bellasis, Colonel Webb, Colonel Crawford, Lord Cutts, and all the Members that serve for the County of Monmouth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Axon navigable from Bristoll to Bath is committed.

Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee ap- Exporting; pointed to examine the Entries of the Journal?, what has Wool, been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures; be Eight.

And then the House, adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 9° diJanuarti;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Afayor, Burgesses, and In- Avon Navi-habitants, of the Borough of Church, was gation.

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there was an Act of Parliament made in the 16th and 17th Years of King Charles the 2d, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum; and the Undertakers made several Attempts therein; bu^ finding no Advantage, though they did carry up some Barges, they desisted, till of late Years, they began again, but have not yet made the River navigable for any Benefit to themselves, or the Publick; nor the Haven near Christ Church any better than before: But now certain Persons in New Sarum claim a Right in the said Undertaking; and, by Colour of the said Act, and some Orders made by the Commissioners, demand many causeless and unreasonable Fines of the Petitioners, who have Lands contiguous to the said River, or have made use of the said Haven, as formerly; s© that the said Act, which was designed for the Benefit of the Country, hath and is like to turn to their Prejudice; and, as the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House for making the said Act more effectual, which is to give the Undertakers further Power to recover such Fines as they have or shall lay: And praying That they may be heard what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholder? near Ditto, the River Avon, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in King Charles the Second's Reign, the Undertakers of an Act of Parliament, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, attempted the same; but the River is yet as unpassable, for any Advantage, as ever; nor b the Haven near Christ Church any better, but rather worse, for what they have done: But certain Persons in New Sarum now claim a Right to the said Undertaking; and, by Colour of the said Act, and some pretended Order* made by the Undertakers and Commissioners, have laid and demanded several great Fines and Duties upon the Petitioners, who have Lands adjoining to the said River,

or have made use of the said Haven as formerly; and, in order to the Recovery thereof, there is a Bill depending in the House for making the said Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, more effectual; which will increase the Undertakers Power, which has been already extended, to the Injury

11 W. III.

9 0 Janmr iu

99

of a great Number of People: And praying, That they Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition may be heard what they have to object against the said be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what Bill. has been done upon the former Laws against the Expor-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table tation of Wool; and for the encouraging the Woollen until the said Bill be read a Second time. Manufacture.

tfportii#

fool.

Avon A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the

Navigation. Parishes of Box, and near Bath, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now in the House for the making the River Avon navigable from to

Bath; which would be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, should the same pass as it now is: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, to shew their Objections against the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Ditto,

|X»

Exporting

Wool.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Landholders, and other sufficient Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of

Gloucester, near Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill depending in the House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll

o O

to Bath, should pass, it will not only prejudice the Petitioners, but also the Inhabitants of the several Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Som: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners lie heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the late Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures abroad, being added to the many Difficulties the Cloathing Trade labours under at home, threatens the Overthrow of their foreign Trade, which is improved to the utmost abroad, when Men of all Occupations enter into the same here, to the Ruin of the Reputation of our Cloth abroad, and the Prejudice of the skilful Trader; and besides, they pay great Duties upon OU, Soap, and Dyeing Stuffs, when as Foreigners are freed from that Charge, and consequently can make their Cloth cheaper; and thereby discourage the Sale of our Cloth, and encourage the

A Petition of the Drapers, Clothiers, and Clothworkers, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons employed in, and subsisting by, the Woollen Manufacture in the Corporation of Salop, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That those Manufactures were so considerable to Salop, until the additional Duties upon Flanders Linen, and their Prohibition of our Woollen Cloth, That at least 1,500l. a Week was laid out therein; but since, there is not above 200l. weekly laid out; so that many Families, which used to be employed, are reduced to great Poverty, and become burdensome to their several Parishes: And praying the House to consider of such Methods as they shall think proper, for restoring and opening the Trade to Flanders, as the only Means to prevent the Calamities which otherwise must befal the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for the encouraging the Woollen Manufacture.

Exporting

Wool.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Hallifax, and adja- Bons-Wv cent Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Importation of our Woollen Manufactures was, on the 1st of April last, prohibited in the Spanish Netherlands, where they have set up a Manufacture, and give great Encouragement for the Carrying of it on, to the great Damage of our Woollen Trade; the high Duties in England upon their Linens, and the Prohibition of their Bone-lace, being the Occasion thereof:

And .....the House to take it into Consideration,

That no further Prejudice may happen to the Cloathing Trade of England.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred.

A Petition of Captain John Le Wright, was presented Anny to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petfe Arrear*. tioner hath 1,300l. to be adjusted, as a Subaltern Officer, by the Agents of the Lord Cutts and Colonel Seymour's

Exportation of our Wool; but the Cloathing Trade was Regiments, and, for himself and Company, for the time in a much more flourishing Condition in England, and he served as Captain in Colonel Regiment; since

our Manufactures much truer made, when our Cloth was which he has not only distinguished himself in the Service sold to English Merchants: And praying, That effectual abroad, but particularly in the Assassination Plot, by Means may be used to put the English Merchants upon taking Chamock by a Warrant from his Majesty: And the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, as for- praying, That his Services may be considered, and his nierly; and that a Bill may be brought in to adjust the Accounts adjusted.

Measure of Cloth, and to put the Petitioners upon an equal Foot in Trade with their Neighbours.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool; and for the encouraging the Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred.

A Petition of George Pindar, and others, in behalf of Ditto, themselves, and others, disbanded Soldiers, lately belonging to the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by the Honourable Colonel Edward Leigh, was presented to A Petition of the Corporation of the Borough of Leeds, the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to and of the Merchants, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders the Petitioners about 18/. a Man for Subsistence, besides in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants the Balance of their Arrears; for which they applied of the said Borough, and Places adjacent, was presented themselves to their Officers, who bid them take their to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Prolife Course: That when their Officers heard the Regiment bition of our Woollen Cloths into Flanders has been a was to be broke, they made the Petitioners fuddled, and great Cause of the Decay of that Trade in those Parts, then compelled them to sign a Paper of they knew not whereon many Thousand Families depend for a Liveli- what, threatening those that would not sign it; and, when hood; and, should the King of Spain set up a Woollen they were disbanded, took the Petitioners Horses and Manufacture in Flanders, our Foreign Trade therein will Accoutrements from them, and made Stoppages out of depend on the Good-will of the Governor of the Spanish their Subsistence for Saddles, Bridles, Boots, Carbines, Netherlands: To prevent which unknown Inconvenien- &;c. which ought, by the Establishment, to be stopped cies, it is worthy the Consideration of a Parliament of out of their Cloathing; by which, and many other un-England, to find out suitable Remedies for preserving the just Dealings, the Petitioners and their Families labour Trade of the Woollen Manufactures to this Nation. under very great Hardships: And praying the House to

Vet, 13. 7 giv*

IOO

9° Janua

A. 1699.

give such necessary Orders for their Payment, as may relieve them against the unreasonable Accounts of their Officers.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred.

Tythfsof A Petition of the Hemp and Flax-dressers in the Hemp and County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and Fk*‘ reacj. setting forth, That, in the 3d Year of his Majesty's Reign, an Act of Parliament passed for ascertaining the Tythesof Hemp and Flax, not exceeding 4.?. per Acre; which Act being expired, the Parsons, Vicars, and Impropriators, are so unreasonable in their Demands for Tythes, that the Petitioners cannot employ the Poor as before the Expiration of the said Act: And praying, That the said Act may be revived.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving the said Act: And that Sir John Mordant do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Dover A Petition of the Commissioners for the Repair of

Harbour. Dover Harbour, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the said Harbour is of great Importance to this Kingdom, not only in time of War, where a few Ships may command all Trade passing the narrowest Part of the Channel, and the Place where the Royal Navy, when in the takes in Provisions;

the only Victualling Office between Chatham and Portsmouth being at Dover; but also in time of Peace is a safe Harbour for Ships in Distress, which hath often happened; and the rather, because the French King is now, with all Diligence and Expence, making a Harbour at , the nearest opposite Port to Dover And praying the Consideration of the House, That some Methods may be taken for the Repair and Preservation of the said Harbour; which is so far run to decay, that, without the Assistance of the House, it will be irrecoverably lost.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House,

with their Opinion what is necessary to be done thereupon:

And it is referred to Sir James 0.tendon, Sir Richard Onslozo, Sir Steph.Lenar Mr. Mr. Breaker,

Colonel Churchill, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. lion Colonel Lee, Mr. Cook, Mr. Gzcyn, Sir Lord

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Duke, Mr. Sir Rowland

Gzcyn, Sir Clo. Shovel/, Mr. Hurley, Mr. Mr.

Foster, Sir Rich. Cot ks. Sir Geo. Rook, Sir Jim. Thomas, Mr Aylmer, Mr. Greenhill, Mr. Lozcther, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Bristolc, Captain Clayton, Mr. Sir

Tho. Frankland, Mr. Yates, Sir Robert Cotton; and all for Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol

Petition. of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a great Number of poor Prisoners in the said Gaol for Debt, who are unable to help themselves: But, being informed, there is a Bill in the House lor Relief of poor Prisoners, the Petitioners pray, they may be included within the Benefit of the said I'i'l.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners of the King's Bench and is referred.

Vagrant*. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither by Law they ought to be sent: And that Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Aldermen and Burgesses of Bury St.

Edmonds, in die County of Suffolk,w as presented to the Lark House, and read; setting forth, That the making and Navigation! keeping navigable the River Lark, alias Burn, would be a means to employ great Numbers of poor People, and improve Trade and Commerce, by affording an easy Communication between Bury and Regis by Water, and furnishing the Petitioners, and Places adjacent, with Fuel, and Sea Coal, from Lynn, and other merchantable Commodities: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said River navigable to the River Ouze.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harvey and Sir Robert Dovers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Victuallers, and divers of the Inha- s;ck an(j bitants, of the Town of Harwich in the County of Wounded,

in behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there now remains due to the Petitioners the Sum of 330/. and upwards, lor Quarters for sick and wounded Seamen, set on shore from divers of his Majesty's Ships of War since the Year 1(194: That most of the Petitioners are reduced to great Poverty, for want of what is due to them; and have often made Application to the Commissioners for the sick and wounded Seamen for their said Money; but can have no Relief therein:

And praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration; and that speedy Orders may be given, for the Payment of what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, RyeiiarUur. of the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of South

ampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of Rye is the only Harbour for Ships the English have, upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, from Dover to Southampton, which is above a Hundred Miles by Sea; and many Ships have been saved by putting in there from Storms, and Stress of Weather:

Resides, the said llarbourliesopposite to iXn'p, and several other considerable Ports of France, and Ships of War, of considerable Strength, used to ride there, to he ready to go in and out at any time, to hinder French Privateers from infesting our Coast: But now the said Harbour is so decayed, that it will not entertain above Twenty small Ships, which formerly would have received the whole Navy Royal; which is occasioned by the Inning of Land, and making Flood-gates and Cross-walls; and that yearly, by the stopping the Slubb in the Harbour, the same grows worse and worse; so that, in a few Years, a Ship of Burden will not be able to come in there, to the great Damage of Navigation and Trade; unless there be some care taken, that the Flood-gates and Cross-walls may be taken away, so as the Tide indy ilow and reflow as formerly: And praying, That the House will take some Course for restoring the said Harbour to its ancient G ood-ness, that so considerable a Harbour, for the Benefit of the whole Nation, may not be totally lost.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

A Petition of IVm. Monson, TVm. Thompson, Esquires, privilege of and others, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest a Member ia concerned with them in a Lease from Sir l'ho. Grosx'cnor a ^u‘t-Baronet, a Member of this House, of certain Lead Mines, and Halken Mountuine, in the County of was presented to the House.

And Sir Thomas Grosvenor being not in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Grosvenor do attend in his Place upon Thursday Morning next: And that the Petition be then read.

A Bill

IOI

ii W. III. 90 Januarii.

Justices of A Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace was, ac-Peac* Qudi- coining to Order, read a Second time.

cation. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Irregularity A Petition of John Davy Esquire, High Sheriff of County of Devon, was presented to the House; returning ° setting forth. That he having, pursuant to the Writ to Officer. him directed, sent his Precept to the Mayor and Burgesses of Clif ton-Dartmouth and for electing

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the Room of Sir Joseph ,deceased; and delivered the same to Mr. Whitrow, the Mayor, who proclaimed the Day for the said Election, but died before the Day appointed; and that the Burgesses and Freemen, notwithstanding, proceeded to the Election; and some of them returned Nath. Herne Esquire, by one Indenture; and others returned Rowland Ilolt Esquire, by

another Indenture: And praying the Direction of the House, whether both, or which of the Two Indentures he ought to return to the Clerk of the Crown; or whether he can return either of them, they not coming to his Hands by the proper Officer, who died after Proclamation made, and before the Election.

Ordered, That the Sheriff be directed, according to his Duty, to make a Return of his Writ

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Supply. Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Jjowndes, according to Order, presented to the Charges by Honse an Account of the Charges by the duplicates; Duplicates, and what the Produce of the several Counties of England and Wales was to the First Aid of Three Shillings in the Pound; and also of the First and last Quarterly Poll:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Account is affixed here.

Vol. 13.

Dd

The

ie

The said ACCOUNT of the Charge by the Duplicates; and what the Produce of the several Counties of England and was to the First Aid of 3s. in the Pound; and also,.

of the First and Last Quarterly Poll.

THE SEVERAL COUNTIES.

BEDFORD -BERKS -BUCKS -

CAMBRIDGE

1 lie First Aid of 3 s. in the Pound upon Land, granted 8° IVtill.

Charge by the Duplicates.

Allowances to Receivers, and others. Loss by Recoinage. Net Produce into the Exchequer. Arrears depending.

£ d' £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

611 11 8\ 941 10 ioi 18138 13 6 O O

1021 4 4 1591 0 8 30267 16 6f 35 *7 6|

1079 0 51 1613 12 + 32048 18 9^ >34 ‘5 3

668 9 10* 781 5 a 20145 18 11 OOOO

DURHAM and Northumberland YORK -ESSEX -GLOUCESTER HEREFORD -

HERTFORD -HUNTINGDON KENT -LANCASTF.R LEICESTER -LINCOLNE -

LONDON, Middlesex, and Westminster

NORFOLK....

NORTHAMPTON and Rutland -NOTTINGHAM -OXON -SALOP -SOMERSETT SOUTHAMPTON -STAFFORD -SUFFOLK -SURRY -SUSSEX WARWICK -WORCESTER -

WILTS....

PEMBROK, Carmarthen, Car- dican, Glamorgan, Mon- |-mouth, Hr pc knock, & Radnor,) DENBIGH) Flint, Montgomery, 1 Carnarvon, Anglesey, and 5 Merioneth - j

£ ' d.

19691 16 1

3*915 19 o|

3+876 6 9|

21595 13 ill

The Duplicates not yet returned into the Exchequer

!S9<55 IS 4525 «9 I536Z 14 52773 7

22120 I

The Account not yet stated

CORNWALL - 17665 19 9 548 19 9 1132 4 O

CUMBERLAND and Wbstme rland 5 >35 4 6* >59 9 H 449 S IO

DERBY - - 7257 id 6 533 3 0 1327 >9 61

DEVON - 59381 16 9 1842 12 I 471° 10 6

DORSET - 24284 7 9 75* 3 11 345 >9 10

2

9\

5

2

19 to o 000

34 1 2

55 6 9

66 2 10

68613 4

65212 8

3+347 14822 19

30792 16

10 & 47 16

4*

sk

h

St

2130 6

2018 13 1068 7

460 7

9S3

335 *3

15665 13 25400 9

523+4 18

The Duplicates not yet returned

t 4^6+ 17

o I 2883 6

9r 2280 3 j 1000

1649 8r 583

6179+ n 60309 8

30993 2

13362 12

28185 12

9925 IO

9r

23 9 1 o 6 o o o

4 12 3 4

5

o

6 o

74*

o

1

si

478 19 ll-J 784 i3 6 1620 5 4I

1247 10 4

1100 6 8

1623 10 6

12698 15

233^7 6

49°99 17

The Duplicates are not all returned into the Exchequer

37*9

18425

29S79

20636

5355 J +2+56 42890

The Accounts not stated

H °k The Account not passed. 50901 3 °t

8 H 1155 5 «; 1743 1 11 3433° 0 10

5 7k 570 7 1 1227 3 4 16627 15 21

16 H 918 8 5, 10B2 16 0 27569 H 2

3 2i 639 13 2 1598 >3 8 18356 17 10

16 1 1661 9 2 2777 13 2 48965 is 3

16 *£ 1221 0 IO 1742 >3 36930 2 ut

12 >>1 6l I 16 1523 3 2 17564 18 4t

7 7i 1657 13 7 2324 2 8 49*31 6 4

11 1 >i I3C6 11 2 279 7 10 4 37962 19 5

0 9 1331 16 >>i 1844 12 8 39705 4 7t

11 9 895 16 >o| 2144 <9 7 25803 17 0

10 Q 768 14 1 1423 11 4 22 55 7 17 8

13 8 1148 10 0 2002 *7 6 33765 6 2

*7 io| 841 9 10 1308 1 6 19931 8 oi

8 240 7 11

o{ 127 18 6

8j I *3 I0i

OOOO OOOO 8 18 il 40 i8 6.

136 18

000 108 14 442- 5 389 n 8 6 3 »8 3 *20 7 6

OOOO

9

°i

o

6

7* 18

irst Quarterly Poll, granted 3° 4° et

Chirge by the Duplicates. Allowances to Receivers, and other*. Net Produce into the Exchequer. Arrears depending.

£ ' J. £. s. d. £. s. £ da

6400 11 9i i$8 2 10 6203 4 0 39 5 O

>0353 3 5 257 6 3 IOO92 l6 2 3 O

9 6 2 236 0. 8 9258 6 6 55 >9 O

9612 15 2 238 19 4 9373 15 i° 0 0 0

8791 10 O 218 4 0 8558 16 0 14 10 O

9613 19 1 IO 239 8 6 9338 6 10 36 4 6

0 0 0 O O 0 000 O O 0

7883 4 6 >9S 15 2 7678 16 4 8 13 0

28821 9 3 718 l6 . 0 28033 11 3 69 2 0

9^37 3 J 10 242 I9 6 9476 10 4 17 14 0

13028 19 9 323 15 10 12700 19 n 4 4 0

392219 9 1 974 17 8 38238 I4 s 7S *7 0

20S20 10 2 517 6 2 20291 2 O 12 2 6

13508 17 9 336 9 0 > 31 19 0 50 9 9

6+50 12 10 161 2 0 6319 10 10 0 0 0

O O 0 0 0 0 000 0 0 0

4238 l6 4' 105 6 4 4131 8 0 2 2 0

24275 2 5 603 1 6 26655 >> 0 X7 0 0

128^4 8 6 3*S 17 11 12535 10 7 0 0 0

10002 8 7i 248 3 10 9735 >o 9! 18 14 0

19248 1 10 478 9 2 18767 10 8 2 2 0

96761 18 11 2345 1 2 91216 9 11 3219 *7 10

24521 18 8 607 17 8 23844 1 0 70 0 0

14133 9 0 250 5 4 '3739 >5 8 43 0

7045 9, r 8 176 2 10 6909 5 10 0 1 0

10728 13 4 265 8 10 10412 6 6 50 18 0

10783 12 8 267 16 6 10505 7 2 10 9 0

22295 14 3s 5 54 3 6 21613 14 10 !27 I5 4

14083 6 2 35° 7 0 13663 13 0 69 6 2

8725 3 2 216 17 8 8507 5 6 1 0 0

19865 3 10 492 16 0 >9'29 12 10 42 15 0

20444 12 10 506 11 0 19869 3 10 68 18 0

I2924 16 lit ,321 6 2 12603 10 9i 0 0 0

IO441 17 5 258 18 10 10178 16 IO 4 2 0

9763 l8 3 242 14 6 VS* 3 9 0 0 0

13771 2 3i 34‘ 4 0 13418 17 3{ 8 4 0

I4848 2 10 ! 0 0 0 000 0 0 0

> 7°3 H 8 *0350 1 11 129 6 0

6334 19 9) 0 0 0 000 0 0 0

Memorandum. The Accounls for the Coumics of Brecon and Radnor for the last Poll, as also for Denbigh, , Carnarvon, Anglesey, ami , for

Third Quarterly Poll, granted 9" 1 o° Willi.

Charge by the Duplicates.

£ 3936 14

7028 11 6885 5

6528 18 2

si

Allowances to Receivers, and others.

Net Produce into the Exchequer.

£. s. d

3828 13 75

6836 5 oi

6622 4 2

1300 O o

£. s. d.

105 18 7

189 3 2 j

i8z 19 31

The Account ( not passed.

The Duplicates are not yet delivered to the Auditor, 2969 5 8

16S7 8 2r

3822 15

13712 9 io|

4420 5 1

The Duplicates are not yet returned.

The Account not yet stated.

Arrears depending.

3259 1 9 83 13 10

*7°3 5 4 45 x7

3945 13 8 105 9 *k

>4*33 8 6 379 8 7k

4625 13 2 122 5 7

12409 7

6899 7 2473 17

72l6 12

2880 5

5

5

o

3

4

333 °k 12071 18 5*

I84 IO 2 6668 6 3

66 10 2404 H 4x

Account not passed. 6353 0 0

7611 6 277S 13 10

£ '

2 2

3 3

90 2

206 2

o O

*7 8

142 a 83 2

4 8

46 1 ( 2 12 o o 28 o

d.

o

o

o

The Account not yet stated. The Duplicates not yet returned

556+ 10 4

11473 I o

5377 4 5,

46 i5 i1 308 o 8l! 11164 *9 4r

The Duplicates are not yet transmitted to the Auditor

The Account

not passed.

236 7 3

114 11 4

178 >7 7i

17848 19 4

8778 9 4

4l67 IO 4

6661 19

9166

9819

The Duplicates not yet returned.

10500 O 8542 2

4*52 *9

6464 17

1

o

8833 12 8000 O

244 8 9

The Account not pis ed.

The Duplicates not yet returned.

i*953 8 o 346 15 4 Ii2569

The Duplicates not yet returned.

6853 8 O

5718 7 O

8002 15 1

40 IO

O o

O o

o o o o 18 4

87 18

O O

3 8 I 37 9

o

o VO

o o

o

O

o

6

o

s?

Si

3:

4789 10 6 000

184 IO 6 6668 17 $t 0 0 0

>49 1 2 H 5408 2 9t 160 11 6-

97 14 7k 7*45 7 7t 659 12 10

77 6 10 4566 3 8 46 0 O'

0 1 0 0 a a 0 0 0 0

The Account not stated.

r

11 in Lmniclcs.

ON

sO

VO

C3

tr

tr>

tr2

11 W. III.

Army

Arreursi

9° Januarii.

103

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be'perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Money remaining due to the several Officers, Ministers, and Attendants on his Majesty's Train of Artillery, employed in the Reducing of Ireland, from the 20th of June 1689, *° *he 30th of April 1692, both Days inclusive.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is in a Book by itself.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to

consider further of the Supply to Be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Ease of House a Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Ac- Shenils. counts, and Execution of their Offices: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Blathwaite, according to Order, presented to the Vacancies in House an Account of all Vacancies, which have hap- Am,y* pened in the Army since the Half-pay was established; and how they have been supplied.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Act C O tr N T is as followeth;

Vacancies. How supplied.

Lieutenant Geo. Mortimer: Dead February 169^.

Major Henry Foubert:

Quitted his Troop February 9^.

Lieutenant The. Seymour: Quitted March 9 J-. Ensign Dancy:

Quitted March 9^.

Ensign

*. Dead April 98.

Royal Regiment of Horse:

By Cornet Cha. Stanley, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by Andr. a Cornet upon Half-

pay in Colonel Windsor s late Regiment.

Brigadier Windhams Regiment:

| By Fran. Strickland, Captain Lieutenant; who was succeeded by Lieutenant Geo. Robinson; he by Cornet Geo. Hall] all of the same Regiment; and the Vacancy of Cornet filled up by /I 'm. who served ad a

Volunteer in die Regiment in Flanders.

First Regiment of Foot Guards:

By William Barrell.

By Valentine Ryves.

Colonel Collingwoods Regiment:

By Edward Atkinson.

Captain John DeveExempt

Quitted May 98.

Captain James Butler, Exempt: Quitted June 1698.

Lieutenant Colonel Wilson: Quitted June 1698.

Lieutenant Hen.Lupincott: Dead July 1698.

Ensign John Whitehall: Quitted July 98.

Second Troop of Guards:

By his Brother Henry Devenish.

1st Regiment o

By William Hussey, a Brigadier of the same Troop; who was succeeded by the Adjutant William

Wildigoose; and Roger Myvod made Adjutant.

Foot Guards:

By Lieutenant Tho. Hussey; who was succeeded by Ensign Rich. Daxenant, both of the same Regiment; and the Ensign s Place was supplied by Nathanael

By Captain William Berry, lately disbanded.

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards:

By William Bradbury:

Captain Wm. Cadogan:

Removed to Colonel Eehlyns Dragoons in,

August 1698.

Major General Earls Regiment:

By Colonel Freke, Lieutenant Colonel, and upon Half-pay, in the Battalion of Major General Earl's Regiment, disbanded.

Ralph Payne, Ensign:

Dead October 98.

Ensign:

Dead January 169^-.

Cornet Marsh:

Dead.

John Rouse, Captain Lieutenant; Dead February 1698.

Lieutenant Convers: Dead February 98.

Earl of Scarborough: Quitted March 9$.

Vo l. IS.

Brigadier Selwiris Regiment:

I. By Robert Wandsbrough, a reformed Ensign, upon Halt-pay in Colonel Regiment.

Brigadier Trelawny'sRegiment:

I By Henry Devenish, Ensign, upon Half-pay in Colonel I Northcotes late Regiment.

Royal Regiment of Dragoons:

By John Farnham, upon Half-pay, as Ensign in Colonel Northcot's late Regiment.

Major General Lumley's Regiment:

By Lieutenant Patrick Lisle; who was succeeded Cv Cornet Tho. Sterrop, of the same Regiment; and his Commission supplied by Edward Clarke.

Duke of Schonberg's Regiment:

I By Cornet Clauds of the same Regiment;

J who was succeeded by John Clark.

1st Troop of Horse Guards:

By the Earl of Albmarle.

IQ4

9" Januarii.

A. 16pp.

Vacancies.

How supplied.

Jfrm. Taylor, Sub-Brjgadier: Quitted March <j\.

Lieutenant Odiarne:

Dead March £9.

Earl of Westjmrlflnch Gujdon: Dead April 99.1

Captain of Agar, Exempt: Dead April 99.

Captain Jacob Burr:

Quitted May 99.

Lieutenant Colonel Dead May 99.

Cornet John t

Dead May 99.

Ensign Traherne: Dead May 99,

Ensign Pe

Quitted May 99.

Gaily, Chaplain: Quitted April 99.

3d Troop of Guards:

By Charles Dakin, a private Gentleman of the Troop.

Colonel Wood's Regiment:

By Cornet John Pitt of the same Regiment; and succeeded by William Ashby the Adjutant, lately disbanded.

First Troop of Guards:

By the Lord Lovelace, upon Half-pay, as Captain in Colonel Windsor's late Regiment

2d Troop of Guards:

By John Walkenden,a Brigadier; and succeeded by John Denty, a Sub-Brigadier of the same Troop.

Colonel Colingwood's Regiment:

I By Humphrey Corey, disbanded, and upon Half-pay in Colonel BrudnaWs late Regiment

Colonel Lloyd's Regiment.

By Major Francis Gore, of the same Regiment; who t was succeeded by Captain Henry Kelly, the eldest Captain; and Lieutenant Colonel Williams'-vacant Troop given to Captain Walter Lecupon Half-pay, as Captain of One of the Troops of that Regiment lately disbanded.

By Cornet Lloyd, of the Earl of Essex Regiment; whose Place was supplied by Cornet Phillips, upon Half-pay, as reduced[ in One of the Two disbanded Troops of the RegimenV.

Brigadier Trelawnys Regiment:

I By Edward Harris, an Ensign in One of the Companies of that Regiment, disbanded, and upon Half-pay.

Major General Churchill's Regiment:

I By William Forbes, a reformed Lieytenapt 1 of Cplpnel Geo. Hamilton's Regiment.

Earl of Macclesfield's Regiment:

By Thomas Sandys.

Lieutenant Colonel Yelverton:

Dead June 99.

Lieutenant Colonel Christopher:

-Quitted. '

1st Regiment of Foot Guards:

By Colonel Geo. Williers, Colonel of a Regiment of Foot lately disbanded.

By Lieutenant Colonel John Newton, on Half-pay, as Lieutenant Colonel to Colonel Seymor's late Regiment of Foot.

Captain Walkenden, Exempt: Dead June 99.

Captain Harry Devenish, Exempt: Quitted Jun<i 9^ ' '

Wm. Fitz-Jejfrys, Adjutant and Quarter-master: Dead June 99.

Nath. Bird, Quarter-master:

Dead.

The Colonel: Dead June 99.

Captain Harbin

Dead September 99. Captain Forbes:

Dead September 99. Lieutenant Adams Dead September 99.

2 Troop of, Guards:

By Captain Byng, a Brigadier in the same Troop; succeeded by Captain Masdary, a, Sub-Brigadier; and he by Peter Hardsty, a private Gentleman of the Troop.

2d Troop of Guards:

To Leonard Holmden, a Brigadier; who was succeeded by John Bfidger, a. Sub-Brigadier; bpth of the same Troop.

Royal Regiment of Horse

By John Harvey, Cornet and Adjutant, upon. Halfpay in Colonel Harvye's Regiment.-

By William Williams, a Quarter-master, upon Half-pay in Colonel Iiarvy's late Regiment.

Colonel Collingxvood's Regiment:

By Lieutenant Colonel Fox; who is succeeded by Ma-

{or Broughton; and the Major by Captain Musgraoc, the :idest Captain; all of the same Regiment; and the Colonel's vacant Company by

Captain Ddaml, J Reform(,d Captai,s upon Half-pay

lyL2Tn S " Colonel W> late Regiment,

By Captain Fr. Foulhs,a reformed Lieutenant, upon

Half-pay in Colonel Mordant's Regiment.

By Lieutenant Arthur Booth, upon Half-pay in Co-

Thomas Bew, Brigadier: Quitted October 99.

lonel Holt's late Regiment.

Third Troop of Guards:

By Francis Savage, a Sub-Brigadier of the Troop.

r<®ter JL lldi&

6.

feci

a

s

t

t

s

c

t

t

Colonel

Vacancies.

i j w. III.

5>° — -1 o° Jamarii.

I05

) of.

ed. m

7

How supplied.

Colonel Fox's Regiment;

By Lieutenant Robert the same Regiment.

James Ruthin, Captain Lieutenant:

Dead November 99.

Lieutenant Thornton:

Advanced to Captain Lieutenant November 99. Lieutenant Vize:

Dead.

Ensign *;

Dead.

Ensign *:

Dead.

Ensign *;

Dead.

By Lieutenant Geo. Harupon Half-pay ' in Colonel Holt's late Regiment.

By Ensign Degeou, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by James Colyear.

By Lieutenant Wm. Cook, of Colonel

Regiment, lately disbanded. '

By Henry Brookes.

By Francis Tyrrell.

lieutenant Sau

Quitted November 99.

Henry Pagett, Chaplain; Quitted December 99.

1st Regiment of Foot Guards;

I By Ensign Villeneuf of the same Regiment; who was

j succeeded by Laurence St. Loe. . '

Troop of Grenadier Guards:

I By John Brady.

Lieutenant Hen. Catwrihte: Quitted December 1699.

Coldstream Regiment of Guards;

I By Butler Ramsden.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to be perused by the Members of the Hoilse. with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Westminster Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a Small Debts. (?ourt Gf Conscience in the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Januarii; n* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Jobber's A PETITION of Francis Jobber, late Comet in ! Half-jjay. j[\_ the Regiment of Horse, formerly commanded by J Colonel Rickard Hamilton, and lately by Colonel Coy,

I was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

I the Petitioner served several Years in the said Regiment,

I until the 9th of March 1695, when he was barbarously

j shot into the Body, whereby he was disabled from Service

to the End of the War: And praying, That he may be admitted to have Half-pay for his Support.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Matter of Half-pay to the Officers of the Army be considered.

Army A Petition of Captain John late of Major

Arrtan. General Stewart's Regiment, was presented to the House,

1 and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner served in the said Regiment until the last of October 1697, at which time he was on the Muster Roll; and there was then due to the Petitioner, and his Company, above 6001, for Subsistence and otherwise; which the said Colonel Stewart, and Mr. Weeks, his Agent, keep from them; besides the Petitioner's Half-pay, which he thinks himself intitled to, being on the Muster Roll, as aforesaid; but he cannot get any Account of what is due to him from the said Agent, although often demanded: And praying, That the said Colonel, or Agent may be compelled to give the Petititioner a general Account of his Subsisterice and Clearings; and that he may be added to the List of Officers w ho are to have Half-pay.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others; is referred; And that they Vox.. 13.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough Rye of Limington, in the County of Southampton, was presented ,arbour* to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of Rye is a very commodious Harbour for Ships of War, and Merchant Ships, both in War and in Peace, and the only Harbour on the Coast of Kent and Sussex for above ain Hundred Miles; but the same is so decayed by the In--ning of Land, and making Flood-gates and Cross-walls, which stop the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, that, unless the same be taken away, the Harbour, which yearly grow? worse and worse, is in Danger of being useless: And-praying, That some Course may be taken to restore the said Harbour to its former Goodness.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of she Town of Rye is referred.

A Petition of Thomas Shea, was presented to the House, King's Benek and read; setting forth. That, in February last, he caused and 1',eet Robert Cecill Esquire to be arrested for So/, who removed *'nson* himself to the Fleet, and hath his free Liberty granted by the Warden of the Fleet; notwithstanding is a responsible Man of 400l. per Annum, and would have paid the Petitioner,'had he been confined; And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Jour*-nals for the last Session, what vvas done upon the Petition of John Goodall, and others; relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and And that they

do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Deputy Lieutenants, Avon Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Navigation, of the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making Rivers navigable hath been always looked upon as a Work of great Advantage to the Publick: And there being a Bill in the House for making the River Avon from Bristoltto Bath, navigable, the Petitioners pray, That the same may pass into a Law, it being for a general Good, and the Increase of Trade in those Parts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the sail'd Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon.

E e A Petition

Avon

Navigation.

bittd.

Porreirs

Claim.

16$ 10° janudrii. A. 1699.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the TVorslcy, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Mcmpesson, Mr. Hughes,

Parishes of Ditch eat, Shepton Mallet, and Castle Carp, Lord Conibun/, Mr. Phillips, Mr. ZtycL Mr. Hurley, near j&r/A, in the County of Somerset, was presented to Mr. Dormer, Mr. Henley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. /foe, Mr. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill now Osborne, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Fb/cy, Mr. Ir<Y/es, Mr. Frefce, depending in the House for making the River Avon, Mr. *SV. Johns, Mr. Perry, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Lowther: from Bristoll to ifctf//, navigable, will be very prejudicial And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, to the Petitioners, if it should pass, and no Advantage in the Speakers Chambers: And are to give^Colonel to the Publick: And praying to shew their Objections, Collumbine Notice to make his Defence, by Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Aliens referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com- enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Children, mitted: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral; not-Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon. w ithstanding their Father or Alother w ere Aliens: And that Sir Edward Hussey and Mr. Thursby do prepare,

A Petition of the Alayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and anj bring in, the Bill.

Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of the Devizes, in 0

the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and Sir Edward Stradling, according to Order, presented Martha read; setting forth, That, if the Bill that is depending to the House a Bill for the Ship Martha of Margam to SbiP-in the House, for making the River Avon, from Bristoll trade as a free Ship: And the same was received. ' to Bath, navigable, should pass as it now is drawn, it will Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Alorning. be a great Wrong and Injury to the Petitioners, and no

Advantage to the Publick: And praying, That they may a Petition of Thomas Austen Esquire, was presented to Defective be heard by their Counsel, what they have to object the House, and read; setting forth. That the House Titles, against the said Bill. having referred a Petition of Robert Pellican Gentleman,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the general Quiet be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is of the Subject against all Pretence of Concealments and committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their defective Titles is committed, upon Suggestion, That the Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon. Crown settled several Demesne Lands upon Trustees, to pay off himself and others, a Debt due for naval Stores The Lord Coningsby acquainted the House, That, he and other Provisions; and that they shall be deprived of having, according to Order, acquainted Colonel Collum- their Right to those Lands, if the said Bill should pass; bine with the Contents of the Petition ot John Dorrell the Petitioner shews, That his Ancestors purchased Part Gentleman, presented to the House the 11 th of December of the said Lands above 69 Years ago, for a valuable Con-last, Colonel Collumbine had sent an Answer in a Letter to sideration, from the said Trustees; and have enjoyed him; which he delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where them ever since: And obtained several Dismissions of the the same was read; setting forth, That he referred to the Creditors Bills preferred in Equity against the Petitioner,

Report from the Committee, to whom the Affair of the about 30 Years since: And praying, That the said Tower Hamlets was referred, who w^ere to examine Mr. Pellican s Petition may not have any Countenance to Dorrtlfs Complaint against the Colonel in 169-}-; to which obstruct the said Bill; and that the now Petitioner may Report this House agreed: But Air. Dorrell, being not be heard by Counsel before the said Committee, satisfied therewith, addressed himself to the Treasury, and Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition thence to the Officers at the Horse Guards; at all which be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Places it appeared to be no Debt due to Dorrell from committed: And that they do hear the Petitioner, by the Colonel, but from Mr. Maddox, Agent of the Regiment, his Counsel, thereupon, who has given him his Bond for the Money due to him:

But Maddox broke about Three Months after, consider- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Army ably in Debt to the Colonel, and the Regiment; so that whom the Petitions of the Soldiers are referred, who Arrears there vvas no Occasion to promise Payment of any Sum were to consider of the Case of the Soldiers in general, to Dorrell before the said Committee, as he alleges in his and what was fit to be done for their Relief, be made Petition: But Dorrell, being sensible of his base Desertion Upon Friday Alorning next, of the Regiment in Time of Service, requested at that

Committee, that the Colonel might not prosecute him as Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Comm

a Deserter; the which that the Colonel would not do,

and that all the Service in his Power should be used for Resolved, That this Mouse will, upon Monday Alorn- State ( getting Dorrell's Money, was all that the Colonel ever ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade* promised, or w*as desired to do, either before the Com- House, to consider further of the State and Condition of mittee, Treasury, or General Officers: And, as to that the Trade of England.

Part of Dorrell's Petition, wherein he mentions Arrears

for his Service to be received by the Colonel, he says, Mr. Eyre, according to Order, reported, from the Black there has been none paid; and that he never promised Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the hall C Payment thereof: But that, since the said Proceedings, Air. more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act Mark Dorrell hath arrested him at Law; to which Action Bail to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers, is given; and Dorrell unjustly proceeds therein: And and regulating the Factors there, was committed, the that, if what Account is here given be not satisfactory, he Amendments, which they had made to the Bill; which desires the Matter may be referred to a Committee; and they had directed him to report to the House; which he that he may have Liberty and Time given him to come read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the over from Dublin, to justify himself. Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read through-

And the Journal of Alarch 169L relating to the said out; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon 'Mr. Dorrell, wras also read. the Question severally put thereupon, several of them

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to exa- were agreed unto by the House, amine whether Colonel Collumbine hath, since the said Clause B being read a Second time, That all Clothiers ' Report, received the Alonoy due to the said Mr. Dorrell, shall, at the Milling of their Cloths, set a Seal at the and promised Payment thereof; and to report the same Head-end of every Cloth, shewing the true Wfater-mark to the House: ' of every Cloth, in such Manner as is used on Salisbury

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gzvyn, Sir Richard Cloths, under a Penalty;

Onslcme, Mr. Ckiyn, Mr. Trtlawney, Lord Coningsby, And the Question being put, That the House do agree

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It

TI W. III.

i o° — 110

107.

But afterwards, the Petitioj er had another Copy of the Poll delivered to him; on which the Numbers stood thus: That for Sir Francis - - - 156.

For Mr. Rayner - - - - 141.

k However, the First Poll, at last, was admitted by the Sitting Member.

The Petitioners Counsel insisted, That 50 Persons,

It passed in the Negative.

Then the rest of the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the

House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Clothiers, or their Agents, shall have the same free that had a Right of Voting, and would have voted for

Access to their Standings in the said Hall, as before the making of the Act; and the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Folio 2. 1. 7, 8. to leave out " or to his Order" in the Clause for the Note to be given for the Cloth sold, and Money to be paid:

And the Question being put, That the said Words do, stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

186.

fllv. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty: And that all other Business be theft adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovisy 11* die Januarii;

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A BILL for making the Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sajvm, more effectual, was read a Second time.

Jtob Kavi-jifcon.

r\f,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

*8 CMr. Wynne, '^Mr. Bristorw:

103.

be

the Petitioner, were refused; which they ranked under* these Qualifications; viz.

20, that were in the Poor's Book for 97, and 98.

3 others, who were rated for 98 only.

8 others, rated for 97, and fraudulently left out for 98.

15 others, neither in one Rate nor the other; but were Men of Substance, and who ought to pay.

4 others, who did pay; but their Tenements were in others Names.

That the Petitioners Counsel also complained of the Partiality of the Mayor, Town Clerk, and others, concerned in the said Election.

That it was admitted, That by the Charter, which impow'ers the Corporation of Nerwark to send Members to Parliament, the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants paying, and which pught to pay, Scotland Lot.

That, as to the Partiality of the Mayor, Town Clerk, and others, in the said Election, the Petitioners Counsel called several Witnesses; viz.

Gilbert Cozens said, That he was at one Stow's the Day before the Election; where were present the Mayor, Alderman Snell, Mr. Morris, Mr. Read, and Mr. Ellis the High Sheriff, and Sir Francis Molyneux; and that the Mayor said to Sir Francis, Be not daunted; right of wrong, we will have you: And that Alderman Snell said, If the others had as many more, he should have it.

John Lee said, That Sir Francis' Friends had desired the said Lee to be for him; but, having promised Mr. Rayner, he offered his Vote for him, and was put by.

Rich. Snow said, That the Mayor, at the Election, > took hold of him, and said, He was glad to see him, he having promised to vote for Sir Francis Molineux; and the Mayor then told him he had a good Vote: But, after he had declared lie was for Mr. Rayner, the Mayor said, He had no Vote; and bid the Officers turn him down:

tark

Uttion.

Which they threatened to do, if he did not go down Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mompes- willingly: That he lived in Part of a House not inhabited son, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hunt, Sir by any body else>* bad a ShoP inlbc Market-place; and

_ . £cot an(j lot, both in respect of his Habitation and

Stock; and had voted before for Sir Richard Erie.

William Cork, Rich. Cook, John Clayton, Paul Hare, John Robinson, Rob. Wootton, William Pace, being severally examined, said, They had been solicited by the Mayor, Sir Francis Molineux, Mr. Morris, and one or more of the Aldermen, to give their Votes for Sir Francis Molineux and Mr. Saunderson; yet, when they came to poll, and voted for Mr. Rayner, they were told, They had no Vote, and turned down by the Order of the Mayor, Town Clerk, Alderman Snell, Alderman Morris, Mr. Ellis, and Doctor Yarborough, or some of them x who all concerned themselves in a very partial Manner for the Sitting Member, Sir Francis Molineux; and were also further affronted by their Officers: And the several Persons, so refused, declared, That they lived in distinct Tenements, and paid Scotland Lot; but Clayton acknowledged, he was excused from the Window Tax, upon his Oath, That he did not live in an entire House.

Richard Parker said, That, at the Time of the Election, he heard Alderman Snell say, That lie, that did not vote aright, should have Shackles, and Fetters, and Incumbrances.

Bryan Cumberland said, That Mr. Snell, the Town Clerk, and he, met, and went to an Alehouse: That, upon the said Cumberland's telling the said Town Clerk That he heard Mr. Rayner stood fur, the Town Clerk said,.No Matter; let him have the Majority never so much, Mr. Saunderson and Sir Francis Molineux must be ^returned at this time.

Wm. Glover junior said, That one Ilaclcer asking Mr.

' Morris

Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Burrard, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Jarvis, Mr. Ro. Eyres, Mr. Egerton, Sir Ja. How, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Yates, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. John Eyres, Mr. Machell, Sir Richard Onslozv, Mr. Harley, Mr. Freke, Mr. Etterick, Lord Cornbury, Sir Jacob Bancks, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Robert Edon; and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petitions, which w ere ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon: And that the Committee do take care, That timely Notice be given for that Purpose.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Newark in the County of Nottingham; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was reai>; and is as follow eth; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of John Raynet' Esquire, and the Inhabitants of Newaj'k, complaining of an undue Election of Sir Francis Molineux Baronet to serve for the said Borough;

That, upon the First Poll delivered to the Petitioner, and signed by the Town Clerk, the Numbers stood thus: For Sir Francis Molineux - - - 158.

For Mr. Rayfler - - - . - - - 146.

Vo 1.13.

Newark

Election.

io8

Morris, What lie thought of the Electidh; the said Mr. Morris answered, Do not fear; all our Party shall have Votes.

Tho. Hackenfield said, He was at the Election, and Vrould have polled: Whereupon they asked him, Who he was for: And the said Hackenfield answering for Mr. Saunderson, then they asked him, Who he w as for else: And the said Hackenfield answering, For Mr. Rayner, they bid him go down; for he had no Vote: Though the Collector then said, He was in the Church Books; and, in fact, he had paid Scotland Lot about 9 Years, and had voted for Sir Francis against Sir Richard Erie: However, he acknowledged, that Richard Bakeman lived under the same Roof; but he $aid, his was a distinct Dwelling; and each of them had a Door.

Mr. Robert Banks said, He went into the Chamber to give his Vote; and, at the Door, he met with Doctor Yarborough, w ho said to him, Damn you ! what do you come for ? Take the Oaths: Whereupon Banks offered to take the Oaths; but they thrust him away.: And Doctor Yarborough did run his C&ne at him'; so he was forced to go away without polling) though he has paid Scotland Lot 18 Years, and is a Housekeeper, and had voted for Sir Fran-, cis Molineux & 2 or 3 former Elections; and, at this time, Doctor Yarborough had sent to him, to desire his Vote for Sir Francis.

Barth. Martin said, That he was at the Place of Election, and had his Vote; but there was one Hall, who paid Scotland Lot, turned down by Alderman Ellis, then High Sheriff, without being permitted to give his Vote; and the Reason the said Mr. Ellis gave for it, w as, That he had had his Tryal before. It was acknowledged, That the Chamber w'as full; and Sir John Bolles and Mr. Clerk were there on the behalf of Mr. Rayner.

Robert Pocklington said, He Was denied his Vote; and told, It was so agreed by the Company; though he had been a Trader 27 Years, and pays Scotland Lot, and has borne all Offices in the Borough, but those of Mayor and Alderman, and was never denied before: That though Alderman Morris before had importuned him to be for Sir Francis Molineux, they now thrust him down; and told him, He was an Inmate; though he paid 10/. a Year for his Dwelling and Shop, and 40 or 50/. a Year for Lands besides: That he had lived where he now does these 5 Years; but acknowledged, That Samuel Wilson lived in the Back Part of his House.

John Bransdale said, That there was Three of them working for Alderman Ellis the Day before the Election: The said Bransdale said, He did not pay to Church and Poor; but Mr. Ellis desired their Votes for Sir Francis Molineux; and told them, He could not tell but if they would vote for Sir Francis, they might have a Right; and accordingly, the said Bransdale said, he was permitted to vote for Sir Francis Molineux.

Bernard Wilson, John Hobman, said, That they wherein the Chamber, where they did see a great many of Air. Sanderson and Air. Rayner s Friends turned down; and, at the same time, those that voted for Sir Francis Molineux were treated fairly. Wilson further said, That he complained to Air. Hewet of it; and Air. Hewet threatened to break his Head; and that Air. Rayner himself was thrust down Stairs.

That the Petitioners Counsel also insisted, That some indirect Practice had been in the making and delivering out of the Poors Rate; and called John Hobman, who said, That the usual Time for delivering out of the Poors Book w'as about Midsummer: And Gabriel Alby, who was Overseer for 98, said, He did not receive the Poors Rate till the Alorcring of the Election; and that it was signed by the Justices that Aloming: But the said Alby did not see it signed; but it was dated, 8*s signed by the Justices, the 4th of June: But nothing else was made out further, with respect to that Alatter.

As to the 20 Persons, insisted on by the Petitioners Counsel to be in the Poors Rate, as well for the Years 97, as 98, and refused to be polled; it did appear, That

A. 1699.

Mr. Banks, John Booth, John Leeson, James JVharton, Tho. Hopkinson, Rich. Cook, Jo. Doubleday, John Farley, Rich. Lovet, Robert Pocklington, Mr. John Clayton, Ri. Heppinstall, 11/m. Stcven&on, John Comyns, JVm. Corke, John Lees, Steph. Martin, John Shackleton, Cha. Stratham, JVm. Elston,

Were all severally charged to the Poor in 98, and most of their Names were found in the Rate for 97, also As to the Persons insisted on to have paid, though their Tenements were charged in others Names; Barnard Wilson said, That Robert Fozckes paid both in 1697, and 98, though his Mother's Name remains in the Books.

Air. Clark said. He received of Robert Fawkes, in his own Name and Right, in 98.

That he received of Robert JVootton, though he is not named in the Books. And

Robert JVootton himself said, He paid to Clark in 98, for the Church and Poor, in his own Right; but believes, his Father Fox9s Name only is in the Books, though they live in Two distinct Dwellings.

Samuel Spragging said, He received of JVm. Pace to the Poor in 98, though John Pace's Name is in the Book. And

William Pace himself said, That he paid to the Church and Poor 13 s. 4cL in his own Right in 1698: That his Father paid Ten Years before, under the Title of Stana-gers Name.

As to the Three charged only in 1698, it did appear, That Geo. Jackson, f

Paul Hare, >were charged to the Poor in 1698,

Paul Hare, y

Though the Counsel, upon the Opening, alleged, There, were 8 that were charged in 97, and fraudulently left out in the Poors Rate in 98; yet there was Evidence given only as to Seven; and it appeared, by the Book, That Air. S/nozv,

Mr. Robinson, (were charged in 97.

Tho. Knight, j

But the Poors Book of 97, for one Part of the Town, not being produced; they called the then Collectors, Mi*. Clark and Air. Spragging, w ho said, They received of Robert Hall in 1697, for a little Close:

That Francis Dixon and Nic. Goddard are in the Book for 97; but they could not receive of them, being poor: That Thomas Hacke?field's Wife paid them.

As to the 15 others, insisted on to be left out of the Poors Rate fraudulently, the Petitioners Counsel called Bryan Cumberland, B. Bitson: Who said, That Edward Pierson rents about 38 s. a Year, and believe him able to pay; though cannot say he ever did:

That Richard Poe, being one of the Tow'n Waits, lives as well as most in Town, and rents an House of 28 s. a Year:

That Tho. Rawlins is a Carpenter, has a good Trade, and lives in a House of 30$. a Year; but could not say he ever paid:

That John Ragsdale is a labouring Alan, and lives in a House of 15 s. a Year:

That William Hilton lives in a House of 21 s. a Year, believe him very able; but cannot say he ever did pay: That Hen)y Tux ford's Rent is 20 s. a Year, is a Taps ter; and believe him able to pay:

That Tim. Jackson is a Carpenter, and lives handsomely^ in a House, at least, of 20 s. a Year:

That John Wilson is a Carpenter; and his House about 20 s. a Year:

That John Holland is a Flax-dresser, and maintain* his Family very well:

That Richard Naylor is a Labouring-man, his House about j 2 <?. a Year; but could not say whether able:

That Richard A/cock is a Joiner by Trade, and lives very handsomely in a little House; but could not say whether he was able:

That William Gobi fas lives in a House of 19 s. a Year; and believes him able;

That

11 9 Januari

iiW. HE ii ° Jan uarii. 109

That Ro. Hoyes is a Rope-maker; cannot tell his Rent; but they believe him able:

Gilbert Cozens, the Witnesses spake not to.

Richard Hodson was found in the Book for 98.

That, to prove, That the several Persons, above insisted on to have a Right, demanded their Poll, and were refused, the Petitioners Counsel called Biyan Cumberland: Who said, He was in the Chamber where the Poll was taken, at the time of taking the Poll: That he could not say the Persons refused demanded to be polled in the Hearing of the Mayor; but, in his Hearing, they did: That the Mayor knew who they were for, and would presently bid them be put down; and, as they went down, he asked them, Who he was for:

And that 1. Robert Banks, 2. John Booth, 3. John Lecson, 4. James Wharton, 5. Tho. Hopkinson, 6. Rickard Cook, 7. John Doubleday, 8. John Farley, 9. Rich. Lovet, 10. Robert Pocklington, 11. John Clayton, 12. Ri. Hip-pinstall, 13. Will. Stevenson, 14* John Comyns, 15. Cha. Statham, 16. Will: Corke, 17. John Leeze, 18. Steph. Martin, 19. John Shackleton, 20. Wm. Elson, 21. Robei't Fawkes, 22. Robert Wootton, 23. Wm. Pace, 24. Geo. Jackson, '25. 7W Hare, 26. Paul Hare, 27, # aSwow, *28. Robinson, 29. iio. Hall, 30. jFra. Dixon, 31. 7 % o. Knight, 32. Nic. Goddard, 33.Hackenfeild, 34. wrf Pierson, 35. Richard Poe, 36. Tho. Rawlins, 37. A Ragsdale, 38. /Fwi. Hilton, 39. Hen. Tuxford, 40. Richard Hodson, 41. 77/w. Jackson, 42. Jo. Wilson, 43. Jo. Holland, 44 Richard Naylor, 45 Alcock, 46. IFm. Gahitas, 47. Robert Hoyes, were severally in the Chamber, and would have polled for Mr. Saund&'son and Mr. Rayner, or, at least, for Mr. Rayner; and were severally refused.

That the next thing the Petitioners Counsel proceeded on, was to take off 17, that were put down on the Sitting Member's Poll: And for that they called Mr. Patfc, Mr. Cfenfr. Mr. Peate said, That he had been an Officer in 1697, and 98; and that he knew Richard Kitchin; and he did not pay; but was excused upon giving up the Accounts.

That Thomas Sutton was a Child, and received 1 s. 6d. a Week for Charity, in 97:

That Tim. Lilly lives at Kelham, with his Father, about Two.Miles off from Newark: That he took a House; but never brought his Family to it; and was discharged, for want of giving Security, the Year before the Election: That Christopher Surst was not of Age, and an A pprentice; and they produced a Certificate, by which it appeared, he was baptized the 18 January 78:

Said, He was present in the Chamber during the whole Time of taking the Poll, and did not see Richard Hunt; but they entered his Name upon the Poll out of a Paper, that was given in.

Edward Randolph said, That he was in Company all the time of the Poll with Rich. Hunt, in the Bell Cham-.ber; but he being for Mr. Rayner, and Hunt for Sir Francis Molineux, they both agreed not to come down; and they were locked up by the Sexton.

Wilson said, That the Mayor ordered him to take down Hunt's Name, though he did not see him there.

Mr. Clark said, That John Cheesman lives in the next Yard to him; and he never knew him to be a Housekeeper: That he used to employ him to weed Woad; and, he believed, he never paid; and that he has been discharged the Town, by reason of his Poverty, since Michaelmas.

Mr. John Hern, Mr. Wilson: Who, or One of them, at least, testified, That they could not find Billing's Name in the Poors Book, either for 97 or 98: That the Rent of his House is 11 s. a Year:

That Tho. Lupton is not in the Poors Book: His Rent is 15^. a Year:

That Roger Hezvct is not in the Poors Book: His Rent 7s. a Year; and lie was excused his Rent for his Poverty, and had Charity, before the Election:

That Scorer is not in the Books; is Bell-man; and believes he may be able:

That Francis Bland b not in the Books, and very poor: His Rent 8 or 9$. a Year.

Vol. 13. ‘

John Barnsdale was present before the Committee; and said, He was not in the Book in 1698:

That Roger Oxfringe was in no Levy till 98:

That Steph. Middlebanks was in no Levy till 98: His Rent but 5 s. a Year, and he lives in an Alms-house now: That Robert Whites Rent is but 9 s. a Year; which they reckon not taxable:

That Tho. Read's House is but 185. a Year; and not rated till 98:

That JVm. Gill's Rent is but 10 or 11 s. a Year; and was not charged till 98.

And Gill himself was present, and said, He did not pay to Church and Poor before this Election: That Alderman He ring and Sir Francis desired his Vote; though he told his Master he had no Vote.

William Wilson said, He voted for Mr. Rayner and Mr. Sanderson; and they set him down for Sir Francis Mali-neux: That he heard Alderman Snell say, Right or wrong, Gentlemen, we will have it, speaking to all the Company;

To answer which Evidence, the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted,

That it would be hard to put the Sitting Member extempore to justify so many Votes as the Petitioners had excepted to: But they said, They should very much rely upon an Agreement made by the Candidates at the time of the Election; which Was to this Effect:

That none of the Candidates should be present; but there were to be Two Persons present on each Candidate's behalf, who were to determine, among themselves, what Persons were qualified to vote; and accordingly the Mayor was to direct the Clerk to set them down:

That none, who did not pay to Scotland Lot, should poll:

That none, who were paid for by the Parish, or received Alms, should have any Vote:

That only One Person should vote for One House. They further insisted,

That the Place of Polling was the same a9 usual; viz* in the Chamber; and that now, as formerly, they came up Stairs to the Chamber; and, when they went away, were let down by a Ladder into the Church-yard.

That, if any Riot or Disorder was, it was begun by Mr. Rayner, and his Party.

As to the Riot, they called

John Henly, John Scorer: Who said, They were Constables at this Election. Henly said, The Poll was taken at the usual Place, in the Chamber over the South Porch: That now, as at other Elections, they went up a Pair of Stairs, and went from the said Chamber, by a Ladder* into the Church-yard. The said Henly and Scorer said, They were placed to keep the South Door of the Church: That, before the Church Doors were shut up, the Voters were generally let in; and they were appointed to keep out the Rabble: But, after the Poll was over, Mr, Hern, and others of Mr. Rayner's Party, encouraged by Mr. Rayner at the Head of them, joining with some others without, endeavoured, by Violence, to force open the Door; and pressed upon Henly and Scorer in a most violent Manner; and One threw a Stone at Henly, and hit him on the Neck: And Scorer said, His Arms were like to be pulled from his Body; and that several Persons whipped off their Cravats, and put themselves into a Posture of Fighting; and cried out, A Rayner!

William Killinger said, That, almost at the End of the Poll, he heard some say, That Sir Francis Molineux, and all there, should not come down alive: That Joseph Gibson, and several others that voted for Mr. Rayner, had their Cravats off, and Sticks in their Hands, before the Election was declared: That he voted for Sir Fra. Moli-neux\ and, before he came to the Bottom of the Ladder, Gunter beat him off, and called him Villain and Rogue, because he voted for Sir Fran. Molineux; and that those for Mr. Rayner were not used so ill: That Stones were thrown into the Chamber before the Poll was ended, and others in the Market-place, when Sir Francis was in the Chair.

Mr. John Clay said, He was in the Chamber all the time of the Poll, except a Quarter of an Hour; and that he did not observe any illegal Proceedings.

F f Henly

Newark

Election

Newark

Election.

no ii° Januarii i 99.

Henly said, That Sir Francis Moliticux desired him to let Mr. Smith the Parson in at the North Door, there being a great Croud; but Mr. Rayner put his back against the Door, and said, if any let him in, he would break his Pate.

# Henly, Sam. Blunt, Mr. Jo. Stow, said, That one Farrcr going up Stairs to the Chamber to vote, Mr. Rayner held up his Cane at him, and would not let him go up, telling him. He had no Vote: And Blunt said, Mr. Rayner struck at Farrcr, and called him a Son of a Whore, though he did not observe any Provocation given for it.

As to the Agreement;

Mr. Clay, Mr. Read, James Potter, Mr. Clarke, said, That it was agreed before the Poll, that none should have Votes but what were in the Towns Book of Assessment to the Poor:

That such as received Parish Collection should have no Vote:

And that there should be no more than One Vote for One House, according to the late Act of Parliament.

And this Agreement was made by those they called the Triers, no One of them opposing it; and the Triers were Two Persons appointed on behalf of each Candidate, to see Things fairly carried on; none of the Candidates themselves being in the Chamber where the Poll was taken: And that, accordingly, they believed, several that lived Two in a House, who were for Sir Francis Mott-neux, were turned down, without giving their Votes; and several were turned dow n, because they were not in the Assessment Books: And Mr. Read said, when the Poll was over, Mr. Raynor asked Sir John Bolls, how it went: And Sir John Bolles answering, He had lost it by Two, Mr. Rayner bid him proclaim the other Two.

As to those the Petitioner would have added to his Poll, the Sitting Members Counsel insisted,

That they were generally Inmates, and others not of Ability: And for that they called several Witnesses.

Gabriel Ally, Wm. Killinger, John Henly: One or more of which gave the following Account:

That John Booth went about a begging, though he was upon the Books:

That John Lccson s Wife goes about a begging at Christmas, and such Times; and did so both before and since the Election.

James Wharton >vas not spoken to.

That Tito. Hopkinson lives in Henry Reynold's House, and has a Chamber there;

That Richard Cook, at the Time of the Election, lived in Part of Mr. Hobmans House: That it has been distinct several Years; but they go both into one Yard, to which they have but one Door; and make use of one Brewhouse:

That John Doubleday lived in a House of Mr. Robert Eastlamts; w here he had some Back-rooms; and they had but One common Door: But it was acknowledged he kept a Mercer's Shop, and had paid to Church and Poor, and borne Parish Offices:

That John Farley lived in Part of a House, with one Hall; but it was divided 12 Months before the Election; one being an Innkeeper, the other a Joiner:

That Richard Lovet tabled with Richard Bradshaw, a Weaver; but could not say whether he had paid to Church and Poor: Yet acknowledged, he was a Butcher, and had a Shop at a Distance from the House where he tabled:

That Robert Pocklington lived in a House with Samuel Wilson; and Pocklington was refused, because Wilson had voted: Yet acknowledged, that they were distinct Dwellings, and had been so One Year before the Election: That Pocklington rented a great deal of Ground; paid to Church and Poor; and had been Chamberlain of the Town.

As to Clayton, Rich. Hippenstall, Wm. Stevenson, John Comyns, Cha. Statham; there was no Answer.

That William Cork lived in Part of an House with John Comyns: That each go into one common Door, though

each had a Door to his Dwelling; and Cork kept a Shop: That John Loc lived only in Part of an House; but it has been divided as long as the Witness had known it; and he has a distinct Door:

That Stephen Martin was poor, and w ould not pay to the Poor; and was excused by the Justices:

That John Shackleton lives in a little Tenement in a Yard: But the Witness acknowledged, he received 2\d. a Quarter of him:

That William Elston is very poor.

As to those charged in 1697, and not 98;

The Counsel insisted, That the Books were the Mea* sure to go by; and no Fraud was proved: However it wras testified by.

Ally, Henly, Kitlingham, That Robinson's Name w as -not in the Poors Rate, till after the Election; but he did, upon his Brother's Death, contraqt for his Brother's personal Estate; and hired the House some time before the Election: That he had Part of George Wilkinsons House, who did not vote:

That nothing was answered as to Hall:

That Thomas Knight lived with his Father; and his Father had a Vote:

That Nicholas Goddard was very poor, and nobody would trust him 2d.:

That Thomas HackenfeUd and Francis Dixon were likew'ise very poor.

As to the Persons said to have paid, though the Tenements were charged in others Names;

It was testified, That Robert Fawkes is a Tabler, and lives with his Mother: and his Mother paid the Assessment in 98: But it was acknowledged he kept a Sadler's Shop 12 Months before the Election:

That Robert Wootton was an Inmate with his Father at the time of the Election; and said he neither did nor would pay:

That William Pace lived with his Father.

As to the Persons not admitted to poll, though in the Assessment for 98:

It was testified, That Geo. Jackson w as a drunken idle rambling Fellow:

That Paul Hare senior, though he was in the Book, told the Overseers, he was not able to pay; and has a weekly Allowance, though the Witness could not say, at the time of the Election:

That Paul Hare junior lives with Wm. Herring; but the said Paul Hare's Dwelling was divided a Year or Two before the Election: And that they have Two Doors to the Street.

As to the 15 pretended to be fraudulently left out in 1698;

Thut Edward Piersons Circumstances were very mean at the Time of the Election:

That Richard Poe is able to pay:

That Thomas Rawlins is a Carpenter, but a mean Man, new ly come out of his Time:

That John Radsgalc was poor, and his Mother and he lived in One Room:

That Wm. Hilton is an Inmate, and rents a Room of 105. a Year of Mr. Rawson:

That Henry Tuxford was a Tapster, and lives in a little dark Place.

Richard Hodson was found in the Poors Book; but said to be a very poor Man:

That Timothy Jackson was very poor, and not able to pay; and his Goods were lately seized for Rent:

That John Wilson is run away, and was very poor at the Time of the Election.

That John Holland is so poor, that, if he was dead, his Wife must beg:

That Richard Naylor was the shallowest Creature in the whole World:

That Richard Alcock was the same:

That Wm. Gabitas and Robert Hoyes were poor, and not able to pay:

That then the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded to the Justification of the 18 Votes, that were excepted to by the Petitioner: As to whom.

' Aliy,

11 W. III. 11 ° Januarii 111

Alby, Killinger, Henley, or one of them gave the following Evidence:

1. That Richard Kitchin did pay in 98; is a Grasier; and was taxed for his Employ, returning about 1,000l. which was in Hogs:

2. That it was acknowledged, That Tho. Sutton had 8d. a Week Collection for his Child:

3. That Timothy Lilly paid the King's Assessment for a Malt-house he took in Newark; which he soon after left, because he did not thrive upon it: And the Witness could not say that he had lain at Newark.

4. It w as admitted that Christopher Smith was not of Age:

5. That John Cheesman rented a House, which he left but last Lady-day: That he did not receive Collection in 98: but has since.

6. They could not say, Billings Name was in the Poors-rate for 98; said, he had been married to a Widow about Years, and drove a pretty Trade:

7.8.9. 10. That Tho. Lupton, Roger Hewet, Francis Bland\ were allowed to be very poor; and they* as well as John Scorer, not to be in the Poors Book.

11,12,13, 14,15. That John Bamsdale, Roger Oxtering, and Steph. Middlebrook, Tho. Read, and William Gill, were all able to pay the Poor; and Oxspring had voted all along.

16. Roger White said, He did pay to the Poor; and had paid before the Election.

17. As to William Willson's Vote; it rested upon the Poll, and the Evidence given by the Petitioner.

Then the Sitting Member's Counsel took Exception to Twelve of the Petitioners Voters: But the Witnesses spoke but to Eleven.

HmyAlby and Killiner, or one of them, testified, That Hutchhmn, Wilson, and another, live all in one House:

That Matth. Armstrong lives with another Person; and his Children beg,.

That John Bellamy is past his Work, and very poor:

That Tho. Greggs is an Inmate with one Burton:

That William Brown is a Maltster; but his Wife goes a begging at Christmas;

That John Booth goes a begging every Day:

That John Drexv s Wife and Girl go a begging every Day.

That John Bridgman is very poor:

That Richard Arnold lives in Part of Holland's House, but asunder:

That James Goddard is poor, and goes about with Nails:

That John Clark is an Inmate with one Lamb:

Then the Petitioner's Counsel, by way of Reply, called

Mr. Alexander Clark: Who said, He was present at the Election and an Inspector, with Sir John Bolles for Mr. Rayner. He acknowledged, it was agreed amongst them, That none should poll, but such as paid Scotland Lot, according to the Charter; and that none should vote, that received Collection. As to the Third Point, That there should be but One Vote for One House; he said, the Act in that Case was brought before them; but he did not know of any particular Agreement relating to the Matter. And he said, After the Election, the People were in a great Outrage, because they thought themselves abused: And Mr. Rayner desired them to be quiet; and said, he would see to do himself and them Right; and did not agree to the Return.

Sir Matthew Jenson said, That, after the Poll was over, he apprehended, that Alderman Snell endeavoured to get a Consent from Mr. Rayner; but Mr. Rayner said, He would consent to nothing: And that he was in the Church, and Mr. Hewet came down, and said, He believed they would knock Sir Francis Molineux on the Head.

The Petitioner, to justify the Votes excepted to by the Sitting Member, called Sam. Spragging: Who said, That John Hutchinson paid Scotland Lot at the time of the Election:

Vol. 13.

That Matth. Armstrong is on the Book to the Poor; Newark but is excused to the Church, being a Ringer: Election.

That John Bellamy was in the Poors Book for 98:

That William Broxm paid in 98; and he never knew any of his Family beg.

That John Booth has paid in 1698; but acknowledged, that he has begged some Years, both before and after the Election:

That John Drewry paid in 98; but acknowledged, his Children did beg:

That John Bridgman paid in 98; and is a Housekeeper:

That Richard Arnold senior paid in 98; and has paid for Two Years; goes into his Dwelling-house at one common Door; but has a distinct Tenement:

That James (Goddard has paid in 98; and is an Housekeeper:

That John Clark junior has paid in 98} and is a Housekeeper; but could not say, if more in the same House:

John Clark said, That Thomas Gregg is charged; and is at present a Head Churchwarden: and hath not been denied a Vote these 10 Years.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the Inhabitants within the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, who pay, or ought to pay, Scotland Lot within the said Borough, have a Right to vote at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Fra?icis Molineux Baronet is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newark.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Rayner Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newark.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after the Word That," to insert the Mayor, Aldermen, and;"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the Inhabitants within the said Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, who pay, or ought to pay, Scotland Lot within the said Borough, have a Right to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

The Second and Third Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough, by rasing out the Name of Sir Francis MolineuxBoxonet, and inserting the Name of John Rayner Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Edward Hobson, late Mayor of the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, for his irregular Proceedings at the Election for the said Borough, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir Rowland Gzcyn also, according to Order, reported, from the said Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Newport in the Isle of Wight; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w»as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Acton Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Hemy Green-hill Esquire to serve for the said Borough.

That

Newport (Isle of Wight) Election.

Newport (Isle o*f Wight) Klection.

112 i i* Jdnuafii.At 1699.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

Tor the Sitting Member - - - 12.

For the Petitioner - - - - 10.

But the Petitioners Counsel insisted, That the Sitting Member's Votes w ere gained by Promises of Places, and by sending great Quantities of Junk, to be made into Oakum by the poor People of Newport; which, the Petitioner s Counsel alleged, was on Purpose to gain himself Votes; which, they conceived, wrould vacate the Sitting Member's Election: And to make good the said Allegations, they called several Witnesses:

Mr. Mathews: Who said, Mr. Greenhill, the Sitting Member, being but little known in Newport, made use of Mr. Smith's Interest, who w?as Clerk of the Rope-yard: And that Mr. Smith, before the Election of my Lord Cutts and Sir Robert Colton, to serve for the said Borough, did propose Mr. Grecnhill; and that, if they would vote for Mr. Grecnhill} he would employ the poor of Newport, by sending over Junk: That Mr. Smith particularly pressing him, the said Mathezvs, he answered, He would be for him, if he could get a Recommendation from the Lord Cutts: And it was discoursed how to engage the Mayor, and the Corporation; and it was proposed to engage the then Mayor, by helping his Son to a Pursers Place, from which he had been before discharged; and the Corporation was to be obliged, by sending Junk for the Poor to pick: That, after, he received a Letter from Mr. Smith, dated the 28 July 1698; and writ in these Words following; viz.

Dear Sir,

I most humbly thank you for the particular Service you have clone me, in respect to Commissioner Greenhill, who is wonderfully pleased at the Letter you sent my Lord Cutts, on his behalf: He orders me to send his most humble Service to you, and let you know, That on Monday, about Four a Clock in the Afternoon, he will wait on, and give you his most hearty Thanks.

I am still to pray the Continuance of your Favour in this Affair; and that you will please to let Mr. Mayor know, that, for the Respect that is designed him by the Corporation, be will forthw ith make his Son John Purser of a Third-rate Ship; an Employment now-a-days hard to be gotten: And for my Brother Rookly, upon your Request to him, on his behalf, will immediately proceed to get him a very good Post; and also will do you, and the Tow n, any other Service that shall be desired of him.

The Commissioner has this Day wrote to the Earls of Orford and Scarborough, to request of my Lord Cutts his Recommendation to your Corporation, according as I hinted to you; and I hope, in few Days, to hear a good Account of that Matter: However, whether the Commissioner does obtain his Ends, or not, he assures me, that his Zeal to serve the Town will be not a Jot the less; and that now he will forthwith employ all the Poor.

I most earnestly beg your best Endeavours to promote his Interest, against he comes over; and will please cunningly to intimate the Commissioner's Design to serve the Mayor's Son, as also my Brother Rookley; which he positively resolves to do. I hope, by your prudent Management, the Commissioner will find from the Corporation, a civil and candid Reception; which will be most gratefully acknowledged by him to you all; particularly to yourself; as also by, Sir,

Your most faithful humble Servant,

IV. Smith.

Portsmouth Dock-yard,

28 July 1698.

I have sent the Coffee by the Bearer, Nurse Dart; which humbly prays your Acceptance.

My Service attends you, and my Cousins.

And the said Mathews said, That afterwards he received a Second Letter from the said Mr. Smith, upon the said Subject; which he. did not produce: And thereto

upon he went and acquainted the then Mayor with what Mr, Smith had wrote, concerning his the said Mayors Son, the Mayor's Wife being present; who said, The Good of her Son was more to them than any Parliament-man: And that afterwards Mr. Greenhill lav at the said Mr. Keblarright's; and he espoused his Interest: That afterwards Mr. Mathews discoursed with Mr. Greenhill about the Subject-matter of Mr. Smith's Letter; and told him, That if Keblewright's Son was not preferred, and Junk sent to the Town, he could not expect to succeed; but did not shew him Mr. Smith's Letter: And Mr. Greenhill said, it should be done: And that, about September, some Junk was sent, and so continued to be sent for Six or Seven Months, in the King's Boat; but he could not say, by the Commissioner's Means or Order: And that some of the poor People said, That they must have had Relief but for the said Oakum:

That John Read said, He wrould not have voted for Mr. Greenhill, but for the Preferment of his Brother, and the Importunity of his Sister; his Brother being promised to be head Carpenter of a Yard:

That he attended Mr. Greenhill, on behalf of Mr. John Rookley; who w as discharged from being Surgeon of a Ship: And that Mr. Greenhill promised him to be his Friend; And that since, the said Rookley is employed as Surgeon of a Ship; but he could not say, by Mr. Green-hill's Means.

James Farrington said, That he received 35 Ton of Junk from Portsmouth, and delivered it to the Poor of Newport, to pick; and there was a Warehouse taken for it at the Rate of 40 s. a Year: That he was employed by Mr. Smith and allowed 3 s. 4 d. per C. which, for the 35 Ton, comes to 115/.; whereof he allowed the Poor 3s. 2d. per C.; and received his Money at 10/. a time: That about Six C. Weight remained at the lime of the Election; but lie could not say, by whose Order the Junk was sent; but it was brought in the King's Boat; but none had been sent since August last.

Mr. IVm. Prescott said, That John Keblezcright has been Purser of the Nassau since September 1699: That he w'as formerly Purser of the Jcsiah, a Fourth-rate, which being made a Hulk, he was discharged from the same: That, on passing his Accounts For the Josiah, he was indebted 77/. 7s. which he has given Security to pay; and his Wages is also stopped till the same is cleared.

Mr. Tho. Read said, That he has heard John Read say, the Reason of his voting for Mr. Greenhill was, because his Brother-in-law was promised some Preferment; but did not say by whom: That the Junk sent to Newport was an Ease to the Electors, in Point of the Poors Rate; for that a great many must have been relieved by the Tow n/ if not for the Benefit they had‘by picking of Oakum; and some were taken off the Rate upon that Account; particularly one Francis Taunt; but lie could not remember any other: And believes, some did vote for Mr. Greenhill upon Account of the general Benefit of the Town: But, at the same time, he acknowledged, That he, being Mayor, did make Mr. Grecnhill's Return, and made no Objection to his being elected: '

Edward Hales said, He was Town-clerk, and Master-gunner of Carisbrook-Castle, by a Warrant from the Lord Rumney: That he was present at the Election of mv Lord Cutts and Sir Robert Cotton; and, after the Election was over, Mr. Smith, who w as very active for Mr. Greenhill, and desired his Interest particularly, which he excused, came into the Town-hall, and told them, it was believed the Lord Cutts would make his Election to serve for Cambridgeshire; and therefore he desired their Votes for Mr. Greenhill.

Colonel Dudley said. He discoursed with Alderman JVebb Three Days before the Election, and asked him, Who he was for: That he said, That he, and his Son Rudge, were for Mr. Gree?diill', for his Grandson had a Promise of some Clerk's Place, near Mr. Greenhill, of 30/. per Annum; which would, in a little time, be worth 50/. a Year: That he could not say positively, that

Alderman

n win.

11° — 12° Januarii.

"3

-Alderman Webb said, Mr. Greenhill had made the Promise; but he understood it so by the Discourse;

Mr. Robert Lee said. That Alderman Webb told him, That he would not promise his Vote till the Day df Election; but his Son had given It for Mr. Greenhill Mr. Greenhill having promised him a Place for his Son, which was worth 30/. a Year; and, in a little time, would be worth 50 or 601.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member insisted, That taking it upon the Petitioner's Evidence, The Promise of Junk being made before the Vacancy, it was not within the Words of the Act of Parliament, nor within the meaning of the same; it not being given to the Voters:

That what Mr. Smith did, was without Mr. Greenhill's Privity;

That Mr. Keblewright was not Mayor at the time of Mr. Greenhill's being elected:

And that, instead of Promises on behalf of the Sitting Member, there were Promises and Threats made use of on behalf of the Petitioner: And called several Witnesses.

Mr. William Smith said, That there was a Want of Oakum in the Dock Yard at Portsmouth, occasioned by the poor People's refusing to pick it, they in War-time finding Ways better to employ their Time; and that formerly they have had Oakum sent to Portsmouth from Deptford, which costs the King 3s. id. per C. Weight picking, besides the Charge of carrying it to Portsmouth; whereas that picked at Neufort cost but 3*. 4d.: That formerly they had made use of Fareham, and other Places, for the Picking of Oakum: That, when he did understand the Lord Cults was elected for Cambridgeshire, he went over to Newport, and proposed Mr. Greenhill; presuming the Lord Cults would stand for Cambridgeshire, and decline Newport; and did say, the People of the Town might receive Benefit by the Picking ot Oakum; and that Junk was sent to Newport to Mr. Farrington, till it was contradicted: But it was Mr. Cowpers Office to direct it; and Mr. Greenhill was not concerned in sending it there:

That the Junk was carried in the King's Boat, with two Men, which were kept to look after the Buoys; and, when they could be spared from that, they carried the Junk:

That Mr. Keblewright's Son, and he, having been Clerks several Years together in the Dock-yard, he wrote him a Letter, to speak to Mr. Greenhill on his behalf: and accordingly he did speak to Mr. Greenhill, for his Letter, for young Keblerwright: But whether he had such Letter, Mr. Smith could not tell.

Mr. Francis Hosier produced an Account of 26 Tons and an half, sent from Deptfoi'd to Portsmouth, for the Year 1696, 97, and 98; and he said, It cost picking at Deptford 4$. per C.; which he supposes was sent to Portsmouth from Deptford, because they could not be supplied fast enough at Portsmouth.

Mr. Wm. Keblewright denied, That he had any Promise, that his Son should be made a Purser; or that he gave his Vote upon any such Account.

Mr. John Keblewright himself, being examined, said, That he was Purser of the Josiah in 1695; which being rendered unserviceable, he got a Certificate from the Officers of Portsmouth Yard; and, after a Year and Half's Attendance, was, by the Lords of the Admiralty, made Purser of the Nassau, his Father and Brother being Security for his Arrears; and that be had a Promise of being Purser, Two or Three Months before the Election: And he produced his Certificate, dated the 13 July 1694; and Warrant to be Purser of the Nassau, dated the 2d October 1699.

Mr. Edward Webb said, He never was offered any thing by Mr. Greenhill to vote for him; but voted for him out of Judgment: That he knows of no Clerk's Place, or other Place of Profit, that his Grandson has; nor is he like to have any, that ever he heard of.

John How said, That Mr. Acton came to Newport Vo l. 13.

some time before Christmas last, and sent for him, and Newport told him, my Lord Cutts had ordered him some Money, that was owing him, and desired his Vote; and, if he Election would give him his Vote, be should have his Money when he pleased: And accordingly he received Money of him twice; and Mr. Acton' promised him both my Lord s and his own Favour, if he would vote for him;

That afterwards my Lord Cutts came down, went ta Mr. Hales, and sent for him, and pressed him for his Vote; but, he not being willing to promise, my Lord asked him, What he would have: Who saying, He would have his Money, and his Bill signed; accordingly his Bill was signed: That my Lord bid him come the next Morning, which he did; and then my Lord whispered, and told him, That if his Wife, who was then with Child, was brought to-bed of a Son, he would take care of it as soon as he was able to go abroad.

But Colonel Dudley, being called in to confront John How,1 said. He was present all the time that How was with the Lord Cutts; and that he did not observe my Lord whisper hjm: That he desired his Account should be passed; and that he would use him as a Freeman, and a Burgess of the Town.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Henry Greenhill Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Henry Greenhill Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Woollen Corporation of Leeds, be transferred from the Committee Manuf»c* for the preventing the Exportation of Wool; and referred ture*# to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred.

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Januarii;

110 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Ity«Harbour.

Common Council and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Weymouth, and Melcem Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That Rye is the only Harbour the English have upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, for above 100 Miles; and lies very commodious for Ships of War, as well as Merchant Ships, either in War or Peace; whereby many Ships have been saved in Stress of Weather; but the said Harbour is in Danger of being lost by the Inning of Land, and making Walls cross the same with Flood-gates; whereby the Tide is checked; the Slub stopped, and the Harbour yearly worse and w orse: And praying, That some Course may be taken for restoring the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said. Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Clothiers, Serge-makers, Exporting and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton, and Wool.

Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Way to raise the Value of our Land, to lessen the Number and Charge of the Poor, and to increase the Riches and Strength of the Nation, is, to give the greatest Encouragement to the Woollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom; to abate the G g ' Interest

Army

Arrears.

feone-lace,

See.

Aron

Navigation.

State of the Fleet.

i 20JanudriL 1699.

1 14

Interest of Motiey; destroy all Monopolies; discourage all Companies that restrain Trade, especially the East India and llamhorough; to repeal the Act for prohibiting of Bone-lace from Flanders; to make the Act6 for Burying in Woollen to extend to the Plantations; and to make England, as much as may be, a free Market for all Buyers: And praying the Consideration of the House in the said Matters.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to examine what has been done against the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture.

A Petition of John Key, late Captain in the Lord Strath-naver's Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he raised a Company in the said Regiment, at his own Charge, on the Irish Establishment, which was since put upon the English Establishment; and the Petitioner served therein faithfully, till the latter End of 1696; w'hen he was deprived of his Command, without any just Ground; although there is a considerable Sum due to him, of which he can obtain no Account or Payment; whereby he, and his numerous Family, are reduced to great Distress: And praying, that he may be admitted to have Half-pay, or be otherwise relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and of other the chief inhabitants, of the Borough of Newbery in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Act for prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, and the Prohibition of English Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, occasioned thereby, many of the chief Clothiers have quitted their Trades; and the Trade of those that carry it Still on, is so much lessened, that their Poor are greatly increased, for want of Employment: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed, their chiefest Trade being to Flanders.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Corporation of Taunton in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners arc highly sensible of the great Advantage navigable Rivers bring to this Kingdom in general: And praying, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That no Petition for or against the said Bill be received after this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for the better preserving the Navigation of the Avon an Rivers Avon and Froome, and cleansing the Streets of the Froome City of Bristolly was read the First time. Navigati

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to Newark the Order of Yesterday, amended the Return for the Bo- Return rough of Newark in the County of Nottingham. amende

Mr. Cooky according to Order, presented to the House Vagran a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them w hither by Law they ought to be sent:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Haj'cqurty according to Order, presented to the SuppU House a Bill to apply all the forfeited Estates, and In- Irish I terests, in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents foilure and Revenues belonging to the Crow n within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick: And the same w as received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read To morrow' Morning.

A Petition of the several Commanders of his Majesty's Half-pay. Ships, in behalf of themselves, and others, who served in the late Wars against France, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in 1693, an Establishment was made by his Majesty in Council, giving Half-pay to the Officers therein mentioned, when on shore, in time of Peace, to be settled on the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, and paid quarterly; whereby a Retrenchment w>as made of a great Number of their Servants, and other Allowances usually made; but the Petitioners have received no Benefit by the said Establishment, or the Provision intended them by the Vote of this House in 1697; but hath faithfully served, and attended the publick Service, not expecting any Settlement for the future, but from the Bounty of this House: And praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration; and that they may be granted what w>as graciously intended them by his Majesty, and this House, in time of Peace, for Half-pay; That they may be enabled to attend on the publick Service, and not be obliged to seek for other Service for their Maintenance.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranclagh do lay before this Money af House the particular Account of 296,806/. 17s. 10d. for disbanding, mentioned in the Account of the Disposition of 561,014/. 8s. 8tf. received out of the 600,000l. appropriated last Session of Parliament for Land Service, presented to the House the Nineteenth of December last.

Sir George Rook presented to the House a State of the Fleet: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

A List of what ships and Vessels are now abroad, and going abroad; with their several Stations; and by what time they may be expected home.

Rate. Ships. Men. Stations, and Number of Men respectively employed therein.

4 5 6 Winchester (Adventure |Rye - -Lyme c Penzance -< Dunwich - Spy, Brigantine - *97~ 160 "5 "5 95 95 35_ \ . Cruising against the Pirates of Sallee, which take up 812 Men.

Rate,

, W. HI-

12° Jamarii.

"5

Rate.

4 1

5 - -

6 -

4 ' *1

5 - -

6 - -

5 - "

6 - -

5

6 -

4 -

5 - -

4 -

5 -

6 - j -i

5 -

6 - -

6 -

4

5 -

Ship*.

Hastings -Lizard

Lynn - - - -Germoon Prize -Saudadoes Prize -Maidstone - -Speedwell

Essex Prize -Crown Hetty - -Hampshire

Arundell - -f Newport -

\ Messenger Advice Boat -

(Shoreham -' Poole - - -I Dolphin - - -f Roebuck -

Rupert Prize

Paramour Pink -

ilbury - -

(Mary Galley -£ Experiment

Advice - -

Men abroad

M«a.

Stations, abd Number of Men respectively employed therein.

In the East Indies with Captain Warren, and cannot be back till near this time Twelvemonth, which take up O04 Men.

In the West Indies with Rear Ad- miral Benbow, -

20{

| Jamaica -

Ordered from Barbadoes -Leeward Islands . Virginia

Gone to the Canarycs - -

1 Coming from Newfoundland Ditto from the Isle of May -Attends on Barbadoes -

Ditto Jamaica -

Ditto Leeward Islands - Ditto New England . - Ditto Nexv York -

Ditto Maryland -

Ditto Virginia -Gone to the Isle of May

On private Services -

Gone to find the Variation of the Needle -

Designed for Newfoundland -

And cannot be at home till about June next, and take up

1,155 Mten.

Act may be home about May next, and take up 576 Men.

And cannot return till relieved by other Ships, and take up 900 Men.

And cannot be back for this Years Service, and take Up 657 Men.

19;

4901

Gone to New England for Kidd, and cannot be back before June next: And if Kidd comes with Rear Admiral Benbow> she is to stay; and attend on New York.

Having thus set down the Number of Ships and Vessels employed, and to be employed, abroad, we shall, in the next place, insert

A List of such Ships and Vessels as will remain in Pay at home, and on the Coast of Ireland, when those are laid up which are already ordered to be paid off, and that the Ships designed abroad are sailed.

Rate. Ships. Men.

r Expedition - - 293)

3 - - - < Kent - - - 293

: Revenge - - - 293

Carlisle - - - 149

Plymouth - - - 2061 149?

Salisbury -

Severne - - - H9

A m _ _ , Worcester - 149

Windsor - - - 278

Portland - - - 149J

Mary - - - - 80) 80J 80)

Mountague - -

Romney -

r Feversham - - 80S

5 - - - \ Winchelsea - - 8o<

(Griffin Fireship -{Three, 80 Men 45

4 - - - I each - - - j 240

5 - - f Bridgw ater - - 9<n

£ Love - - - - 901

6 - - . Solebay - - -7 Sloops and One 90

Vol. 13, Advice Boat, at 35 Men each - Y 280J

Station*, and Number of Men respectively employed thereon.

Employed in the Channel, and take up 2,108

Chatham,

Plymouth

Sheerncsse

Portsmouth

Guard-ships, and take up 685 > Men.

Cruising on the Coast of Ireland, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, for intercepting Wool, which take up 530 Men.

Rate.

Dolphin

Ship.

Supply.

116 t'f JanuarA. 1699*

Rate. Ships. Men. Stations, and Number of Men respectively employed therein.

' . Flambrough - -Soesdike Yacht -Isabella Yacht -Seaford - - -Isle of Wight Yacht Six Yachts more -Blackwell-hall Sloop 701 35,) 20 70 5 150 12 Attend the Lords Justices of Ireland. Attends on Jersey. Ditto on Guernsey. Ditto on the Isle of Wight. In the River. Attends the Admiral of the Fleet

Storeships.

Katherine - - -Canterbury - - 30] 35) Follow the Navy Board's Order,

Men at home -Men abroad - 3.750 4,901

8,651 7,000 Men in Pay. Voted by Parliament.

To be retrenched 1,651

So that there being now in Pay 1,651 Men more than 7,000, we do propose the following Ships as the most proper to be paid off, for reducing them to near that Number; viz.

Rate. Ships. Med.

3d. - - -4 - - - (Expedition - - - -? Kent ----- - (Revenge -4 Windsor -^Plymouth - - -^Carlisle ----- 293 293 293 278 206 149

1,512

But, when these Ships are laid up, there will then remain at home no more than the Four Ships hereafter mentioned, but of 50 Guns each; viz.

Rate. Ships. Men.

r Salisbury - 149

ISeverhe ----- 149

4 - - - ^Worcester - 149

f Portland ----- 149 596

J. Bridgwater, G. Rooke.

D. Mitchdly Geo. Churchill*

By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said State be now referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yete, Xrd'hunt: } 79-

Tellers so, tire Noes,^0^- ]r49.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same-

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee, to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert Kendall, a Public Notary, do lay before this House the Books and Papers he hath relating to the Sailing of the Ship Dolphin.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Comr

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a West Court of Conscience in the City of Westminster, and Sma^ Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

11W. III.

13' yanuarii.

117

Sabbati, 13* die Januarii; ii° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Dmwich f\RT)ER ED, That Sir Henry Johnson have Leave to Election. v/ withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Dunwhch in the County of Suffolk.

Dunwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dumcich in the County of Suffolk, in the Room of Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of John James was presented to the House, Army and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner served Two Arrears* Campaigns in Flanders, in the Horse Grenadiers of the Second Troop of Guards; and had his Horse, which he brought into the Troop, shot under him; for which Captain Warren received Satisfaction from the King, but refuses to make any to the Petitioner, or to account soir what is due to him for his said Service: And praying,

That Captain Warren may be ordered to account with, and pay, the Petitioner what is due to him.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tiable until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, was referred; and who were to consider what is necessary to be done for the Relief of the Soldiers in general.

Vandfr Ordered* That Leave be §iven to bring in a Bill to Tijdc's Nat naturalize Mr. Francis Vanda' Tijde: And that Mr. Clark do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

AjienJ Sir Edward Hussey, according to Order, presented to Children, the House a Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Palmer, according to Order, presented to the tote. House a Bill for Sale of several Western Manors and 1 Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire* for discharging a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Purchase of Demesne-lands, to be settled to the same Uses: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ifoolleo Ma* A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester \vk\m, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Cloathing Trade is very much discouraged by the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures into Flan-ders md Brabant; the Dearness of Dyeing Stuff, Oil, and Soap, consumed here, and the Drawback upon Exportation, chiefly by Foreigners; which will endanger the Supplanting of the Woollen Trade into foreign Countries, to the Loss of it here, by the Weakness of the Stock of Foreigners; it being our Advantage to encourage English Merchants, who employ far greater Stocks therein: And praying, That some Course may be taken for regaining the Trade to Flanda's and Brabant, and all Encouragement given to English Merchants to export our Woollen Manufactures thither; and that the Petitioners may be put on an equal Foot with their Neighbours in the Materials of Soap, Oil, and Dyeing Stuff.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

A Bill for the Ship Mdrtha, or Margam, to trade as a free Ship, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Johnson Gentleman, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Bradshaw, a Lighterman, against whom the Petitioner obtained a Verdict and Judgment for 40/. is become Turnkey in the Fleet Prison, for a Protection from his Creditors; whereby he is not only Master of his own Liberty, but also of others: And praying, That he may be debarred from being Turnkey, and Debtor, and Prisoner, and, at the same time, Prison-keeper.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the Kings Bench arid Fleet.

Vol. 13.

A Petition of the disbanded and reduced Men, wffio Ditto* lately served in a Regiment of Dutch Horse, commanded by Colonel Steinbock, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1696, the Petitioners, being Roman Catholicks, were reduced at York from the said Regiment for Flanders, and their Horses and Accoutrements taken from them, without any Satisfaction, though they had paid for them; nor could they ever get any Account from their Officers of their Cloathing, for which there is great Arrears; but, upon their being disbanded, Major Gculstein forced several of the Troopers to >ign Papers, as if they had been paid in full, which they w ere not: That Jacob Vander Esck, the Dutch Paymaster, has all the Petitioners Accounts: And praying,

That he may account with them, and pay wffiat is due, the Petitioners being very poor, and coming into England on purpose to solicit this Affair.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be marie from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, was referred; and who were to consider what is necessary to be done for the Relief of the Soldiers in general.

A Petition of William Paine, and others, on behalf of Ditto, themselves, and others, late Soldiers, reduced out of the Troop of Horse commanded by Captain Robert Millington, and Captain Charles Eylon, successively, in the Regiment under the Command of the Right Honourable the Earl of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they cannot get any Account of their Irish Arrears from Captain Millington, besides 4/. 5 s. per Man for Respites; and 2d. per Day, amounting to 3/. 15 s. 8 d. out of their Subsistence, has been unjustly stopped from them, for which they can obtain no Relief:

And praying the House to grant them some Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, was referred; and who were to consider what is necessary to be done for the Relief of the Soldiers in general.

A Petition of Thomas Pink and William Joanes was Ditt«. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served as Dragoons in Colonel Floyd's Regiment during all the late Wars; and have obtained their Discharges, and delivered their Accounts to their Colonel, there being considerable Sums due to them; but they can get none of it, whereby they are reduced to great Srreights: And praying the Assistance of the House therein, not knowing how* to get what is due to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richw'd Nicholls, and others, was referred; and who were to consider w hat is necessary to be done for the Relief of the Soldiers in general.

The House being informed, That Mr. Gilbert Kendall Dolphi* attended, according to Order; he was called in: And, ^ip* at the Bar, presented to the House a Book relating to the Sailing of the Ship Dolphin.

H h And

Treaty of Altena, &c.

118 13 0 Jamarii.1699.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mi\ Kendall do lay before this House the Transfer Book, and all other Books and Papers, relating to the said Ship.

Mr. Secretary Vernon presented to the House a Latin Copy of the Treaty of Altena, the 20th of June 1689: And also,

A Translation of the Treaty of Altena: And also,

A Copy of his Majesty's Guarantee of the Treaty of Altena: And also,

The 6th and 7th Articles of the Treaty of Marriage between the Prince and Princess of Denmark: And also,

Copies of Two Letters of the Earl of Nottingham: One to Mr. Ludolfe, the 9th of July 1689; the other to the Lord Godolphiny the 18th of June 1694.

The Titles whereof were read; and the Copies are as follow; viz.

The said Latin Copy.

Treaty of Altena} 20th June 1689.

NOTUM sit omnibus, qua ratione graves controversial, quae ab aliquo abhinc tempore inter suam Regiam Majestatem Daniae & Norvegi®, ac Domini Ducis Sleswicensis Holsati® Celsitudinem, agigat® fuerunt per solieitam meditationem Sacrae Caesarete Majestatis, ac sua-ruin Serenitatem Electoralium SaXoni® & Brandeburgi, in sequentes leges composit®, atque in perpetuum abolitae fuerunt:

1. Sit maneatque generalis amnestia, & reterna obli-vio, omnium illorum, quae hucusque ab utraque parte, earumve ministris, subditis, & adhaerentibus, invicem susccpta atque patrata fuerint; quorum nomine nemo utrinque ad reddendas rationes vocabitur, nec eadem cui-piam fraudi aut damnocedent: Vicissim, inter suam Regiam Majestatem Daniae & Norvegioe, ejusque h®redes. Sc in regno successores, ac Domini Ducis Sleswisencis Holsatiae Celsitudinem, ejusque successores, asterna atque insolubilis amicitia & unio, hoc ipso, restaurata atque stabilita sit.

2. Sua Regia Majestas Daniae & Norvegiae Celsitudi-nem suam Ducalem in omnes ipsius dictae Celsitudinis ditiones, terras, insulas, & bona; atque in specie in prae-dium Gottesgabe dictum, simul in ejusdemsoveraenitatem, regalia, jura collectarum, foederum, munimentorumque extruendorum & possidendorum; dcniqtie, in universum, in omnia ilia jura, eminentias, & qu®vis competentia, prout sua Celsitudo isthaec, ante & post pacem West-phalicam, & Rorealcm, usque ad annum 1675, obtinuit atque possedit; turn & quicquid suoe Celsitudini per pacificationem Fontisbellaquensem coinpetere potest; quarum pacificationum leges contentae, hoc ipso, iterum confirmantur: Nec minus sua Regia Majestas suoe Celsitudinis ininistros atque subditos in quaevis horum bona & pecunias creditas restituit.

3. Cum etiam sua Celsitudo, inter alia postulate, id requisiverit, ut sua Regia Majestas Fcmeram insulam, una cum praefecturis Steinhorst, Tremsbuttel, & Trittau, ab hypotheea in ejusdem constituta, ac ea pecuniae summa, cujus nomine obnoxi® tenentur, liberare, ac su® Celsitudini absque ullo onere reddere velifc: Sua Regia Majestas, quo de sincera sua in suam Celsitudinem, velut consan-guinitate & affinitate sibi conjunctam, benevolentia, eo luculentius testetur, hypothecam & actionem, quam ipsa in prtefecturam Trittau lmbet, cedit atque remittit; dictamque praefccturam, una cum aliis ejusdem terris, restituit: Sed quod Fetnerain insulam, & praefecturas Tremsbuttel & Steinhorst spectat, cum ist® non in suae Regiae Majestatis, sed in suae Culsitudinis Regiae Domini Georgii Principle Daniae manu sint, Sacrae Caesareae Majestatis, & Doininorum Electorum Saxoniae &, Brandenburg! Serenitates, velut circa componendas hasce contro-versias meditatorum officio fungentes, & eo melius pax & tranquillitas inregnisBorealibus, & Circuit) Inferiors Saxoniae, tirmetur atque conservetur, quam inconcussam subsisted publici boni magnopere interest, in se receperunt ejusmodi media procurare, quibu$ suae Celsitudini Regia

pro ista summa, ob quam dicta loca ipsi tenant, absque onere & praejudicio siiae Regiae Majestatis, satisfiat; simul alte memoratce Regiae Suae Celsitudinis consensum impetrare, ut diet® insula & proefectur® pariter su® Celsitudini Ducali, libere ac gratuito, atque ab antehac in-h®rente debito & hypotheea immunes, reddantur.

4. Vice versa, sua Celsitudo renunciat omnibus ac-tionibus & pr®tensionibus, quas non solum su® Regi® Majestati eo nontine, quod h®c aliquandiu ipsius ditiones detinuerit, earumque fructus perceperit, movere possit; sed & pariter eos processus, quos in judicio Au-lico C®sareo contra domum Dominorum Ducum Holsa-ti® in Ploen impetravit, remittit, aique iisdem plane de-sistit.

5. Quod uniones, pacta faniili®, & alias, usque ad annum 1675, initas conventiones, ut & communionem attinet, circa eas firrnas, permanet ad istud usque tern-pus receptus usus, non minus atque ilia qu® pace West-phalica, Boreali, & Fontisbellaquensi, hue spectantia* diserte & literalitcr disponentur, sed & quicquid redi-tuuun cameralium, & contributionum, e ditionibus su® Celsitudinus reliquum, & no.ndum perceptum fuerit, id a sua Regia Majestate prorsus non exigetur.

6. C®tera gravamina ad amicam transactionem, aut, si ea non succedat, ad viam juris remittunt; ac neutra pars ad versus quaelibet superius adducta quidquam, via facti, suscipiet.,

7. Ratihabitiones hujus transactionis inlra quatuorde-cim dies a facta subscriptione hie Alton® permutabunt; ac dehinc conventa protinus, aut ad summum intra octi-duum post eandem factam, bona fide, citra tergiversa-tionem, reipsa execution! dabunter.

In fidem actorum, duo ejusdem tenoris excmplaria confecta, subscripta, ac sigilis firmata, utrique partium tradita fuerunt.

Actum Alton®, die 20 Junii, anno 1689.

The Translation of the Treaty of Altena.

B E it known to all, by what means the great Controversies, which have been a long time between his Royal Majesty of Denmark, and Norway, and his Highness the Duke of Holstein Sleswick, by the earnest Mediation of his Imperial Majesty, and their Electoral Highnesses of Saxony and Brandenburgh, nave been composed, and forever abolished, upon the following Conditions:

1. That there shall be a General Amnesty, and a perpetual Oblivion, of all that hath been hitherto undertaken on both Sides, done or acted by each, or other Party, their Ministers, Subjects, or Adherents; none of either Side shall be called to an Account, nor shall any body be brought into Danger or Charge for it: But an eternal and indissolvable Friendship and Union shall hereby be restored and established betwixt his Royal Majesty of Denmark and Nunvay, his Heirs and Successors, in his Kingdoms, and his Highness the Duke of Holstein Sles-xvicky and his Successors.

2. His Royal Majesty of Denmark and Norway shall restore to his Ducal Highness all his said Highness's Dominions, Lands, Islands, and Goods; but especially the Lordship of Gottesgabe, together with the Sovereign- ty« of the same, Royalties, Rights of raising Monies, making Leagues and Alliances, of building and possessing Fortifications; in fine, all those Rights and Prerogatives whatsoever that his Highness did hold and enjoy before and after the Treaties of Westphaly, and of the North, to the Year 1675; as likewise whatever his Highness may claim by the Pacification of Fountainble.au; the Conditions and Contents of which Treaties are confirmed hereby: And also his Royal Majesty will restore to his Highness's Officers and Subjects ail their Goods and Debts.

3. Whereas his Highness, amongst other Demands, hath required, That his Royal Majesty would free the Islands of Femeren, together with the Governments of Steinhorst, Tremsbuttell, and Trittau, from a Mortgage, pay that Sum of Money they are engaged for, and restore them, without auy Charge, to his Highness: His

Royal

11 W. III. 13° Januarii.

u9

Royal Majesty, to give the greater Mark of his Favour to his Highness, as being nearly related to him in Blood and Affinity, doth give up the Mortgage, and remit the Action he hath against the Government of Triitau; and restores it, with its Dependencies: But, as to what concerns the Island of Femeren, and the Governments of Trmbuttdl and Steinhor&t, these being not in the Hands of his Majesty, but of his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark; his Imperial Majesty, and their Electoral Highnesses of Saxony and Brandenburgh, in Quality of Mediators for composing these Differences, to the end that Peace and Tranquillity may the better be established and settled in the Northern Kingdoms, and the Circle of Loner Saxony, it being of great Importance to the publick Good, that it should subsist inviolably, they have undertaken to find out such means to make Satisfaction to his Royal Highness for that Sum of Money for which lie holds those Places, without any Charge or Prejudice to his Royal Majesty; as likewise to obtain the Consent of his said Royal Highness, That the said Island and Governments be restored again to his Highness the Duke of Holstein, exempt and free from the Debt and Mortgage they formerly lay under.

4. On the other Side, his Highness doth renounce all Actions and Pretensions he might have, not only against his Royal Majesty, for having detained his Dominions for some time, and enjoyed the Revenues thereof; but also doth release, and wholly desists irom, those Proceedings he had obtained from the Imperial Chamber against the House of the Dukes of Holst ein-Floen.

5. As to what belongs to Unions, Family Agreements, and other Conventions made to the Year 1675 \ as also the Communion; the Custom used to that Day shall remain in Force, no less than what hath been expressly and literally determined, in relation to this Matter, by the Treaties at IVcstphaly, of the North, and of Fountainbleau; and whatsoever remains, and is unreceived, of the Revenues of the Chamber, or Contributions in his Highness's Dominions, shall by no means be demanded from his Royal Majesty.

6. They do remit other Grievances to be made up in a friendly Transaction; and, if that doth not succeed, they leave it to the Law: And neither Party shall undertake any thing, by way of Force, against what is above settled.

7. The Ratifications of this Agreement shall be exchanged here at Altenay Fourteen Days after the Subscribing of it; and the Agreement shall immediately, or, at furthest, within Eight Days after the Exchange, be strictly put in Execution, bona fide, and without Delay.

In Witness whereof Two Copies of the same Tenor, subscribed and sealed, have been delivered to each Party.

Done at.Altena the 20th Day of June, in the Year 1689.

The said Copy of his Majesty's Guarantee of the Treaty of Altena.

WILLIAM the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas the late ‘ Differences arisen between our Good Brother the King of Denmark and Norway, and the Duke of Holstein Slesrcick, have been adjusted and composed by a Treaty concluded at Altena the 20th Day of June last past; whereby likewise an everlasting and firm Friendship and Union is settled and renewed between the said King of Denmark and Norway, and the said Duke of Holstein, and their Successors; a Copy of which Treaty, translated out of the German Language, in which it was signed, into Latin, does here follow;

Notum sit omnibus, See.

And whereas it is of very great Importance for the Good and Benefit of Christendom, and for maintaining in Peace and Tranquillity the Kingdoms and States in the North, That the said Treaty should be inviolably Vol 13.

kept and observed: We have thought fit, for that Rea- Treaty of sons, and in regard of the Friendship and Affection which Altena, We bear unto the said King and Duke, to grant our Guarantee of the same; that so it may appear how ready and desirous We are to contribute our Endeavours, for preserving and maintaining that Part of Christendom in Peace and Quietness: And we do accordingly, by these Presents, give and grant our Guarantee of the said Treaty, concluded at Altena between the King of Denmark and Norway, and the Duke of Holstein Sleswick, and of every Article therein contained: And We do hereby promise, and engage our Royal Word, That Wrc will employ our best Endeavours to prevent any Violation or Infringement thereof; and not only interpose our Offices* wherever it shall be necessary for this End, but also make use of our Forces, if need be, in Conjunction with those of the Party injured, and with those of our Allies, who shall likewise be concerned in this Affair, against all such as shall, by open Force or Violence, attempt any thing against the said Treaty; which We will preserve, as far as in us lies, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof. In Witness whereof, we have caused our Great Seal of England to be affixed to these Presents.

Given at our Court at Whitehall, the 30th Day of January 1689-90, in the First Year of our Reign.

WILLIAM R.

The said 6th and 7th Articles of the Treaty of Marriage between the Prince and Princess of Denmark.

Article the 6th.

The aforesaid King of Denmark and Norway, and his Brother Prince George, by their respective Commission granted, agree and consent, That, Five Months after the Marriage already designed is solemnized, they shall constitute, and, according to the Laws of Denmark, ascertain, and confirm, for a Dowry, a certain Revenue, of the yearly Value of 25,000 Crowns, out of the Government of Wahrenburgh, and the Isle of Femeren, to the Use and Benefit of the said Prince Geflrge, and Princess, during their Lives: And in case the said Prince George shall die first, the full Revenue of the aforesaid Government of Wahrenburg, and of the Island of Femeren, with all the Rights which the Prince now enjoys, shall belong to the Princess during her Life.

Article 7th.

And whereas the most Serene King of Great Britain, and the Duke of York, have promised, That all the Estate, which the said Princess brought with her, shall descend to the Children which the Prince shall have by the Princess; in like manner the most Serene King of Denmark and Noruwy agrees, on his Part, and the said Prince George promises, That all the Estate of the said Prince shall remain in the Possession of the Children born of the said Prince and Princess: Provided nevertheless, that the Succession thereto shall be according to the Laws of Denmark; that is to say, That a Son shall always have Double the Portion of a Daughter.

The said Articles in Latin.

Art. 6th.

Predicti Dominus Rex Daniae & Norvegite, ac frater ejus Dominus Princeps Georgius, per commissiones suas respective interpositas, conveniunt & consentiunt, quod infra quinque menses, postquam nuptiae jam designate celebratae fuerunt, constituent, & juxta leges regni Dani* assecurabunt, & confirmabunt, nomini doarii, certum reditum ad annuum valorem viginti quinque milliurn imperialium exprefecture Wahrenburgensi, & insula Fe-meria, ad usum & beneficium clictorum Domini Principis Georgii, & Dominae Principissae, durantibus eorum vitis:

& casu quo prefatus Dominus Princeps Georgius prade-cesserit, plenus ususfructus modo diet® prefecture Wah-renburgensis, & insulae Femeriae, cum omnibus juribus, quibus Princeps jam fruitur & gabdet, ad Principissam, quoad vivit, pertinebit

Art. 7.

Quandoquidem quoque Serenissimus Dominus Magna Britannue Rex, atque Dominus Dux Eboracensis, omnia

a Domina

lao

130 Januarit.

A. \6gg.

Treaty of a Pomina Prineipissa illata bona ad Uberos a Principe de King in Holland, that it might be speedily determined:

Alterm, eorpore Principissai procreandos descensura promiserunt; Which Circumstances I mention, that your Lordship

itaque vicisim Serenissimus Dominus Rex Danise & Nor- may see his Majesty looked upon himself as engaged to

vegiffi cousensit, & Dominus Princeps Georgius promit- procure Satisfaction to his Highness; and that you may

tit, omnia dictse Principissac bona penes liberos e Principe be better informed of the Result by my Lord k Piincipissa natos permansura: ita tatnen ut successio For either it was not finished while I was in the Office of

in iis fiat jure Danico; nimirutn, ut filius duplicem por-tionem filiae semper percipiat.

The said Copy of the Earl of Nottingham's Letter to Mr. Ludolj, the 9th of July 1O89.

Sir,

I have seat you the Papers I received from you Yesterday; and desire you to procure his Highness the Prince of Denmark to sign them both; and then be pleased to give them to the King, who will send them away by this Night's Post, with Instructions not to deliver the las^ which contains his Highness's actual Release and Discharge of the Baillages, unless there be an absolute Necessity for it; which the Prince may be more assured of, because it is the Kings Interest, his Majesty having en-

Secretary, or I cannot recollect the stated Sum, if any has been agreed upon.

This being all that occurs to me, I return to your Lordship the Papers I received from you; and am Your Lordship's

Most humble Servant,

Nottingham.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed, That Mr. Kendall attended agaiu; he was called in: And, at the Bar, presented to

Dolpbii

Ship.

gaged himself to procure the Payment of the Money due to the House a Transfer Book relating to the Ship Dolphin;

his Highness, or to pay it himself, and also in the mean time to satisfy his Highness for the Interest of it. This Affair presses very much; and therefore I must again desire you to get it dispatched. 1 am,

Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

The said Copy of the Earl of Nottingham's Letter to the Lord Godolphin, the 18th J une 94.

My Lord,

I have read the Papers which your Lordship put into my Hands, relating to the Prince of Denmark's Debt, and of which you desired some Account from me: This I shall do very faithfully, and as fully as my Knowledge fend Memory of that Matter will enable me.

In the Negociation of the Adjustment between the King of Denmark and the Duke of the Debt

due to Prince George, and secured by Mortgage of some Baillages intended to be restored, was a very great Obstruction to the Conclusion of the Treaty, which, at that time, was thought very necessary lor the Allies; inso much that Monsieur Schmettau, the Envoy of Branden-

burg, was very pressing, that some Expedient might be found; which could be no other than the Payment of the Money to the Prince by the Allies, that he might quit his Pretensions to those Mortgages: The Kins' and the

o n o

States were so sensible of the Necessity of it, that his Majesty resolved to pay himself the Moiety of it; and ordered me to speak to Monsieur about the

Method of paying the other Moiety: And he assured me, That, if the King took upon him the Discharge of the one, the States would pay, or procure to be paid, the other Moiety. It is true, lie did say, T he States would willingly pay a 4th Part of the Whole; and that it was just and reasonable, that the Emperor, and some other Princes, should pay another Fourth: But, because the Matter required a speedy Resolution and Dispatch, and because it could not be expected, that the Prince should

which, he said, were all the Papers he hath, or had, re* latingto the said Ship: And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Freemen, and Bone-l«ce. other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, in behalf of themselves, and many other Dealers and Workers in Bone-lace, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Making of the Act for prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, the Petitioners have found sech Relief thereby, that many of them have supported their Families in the Making of Bone-lace, who otherwise must have been chargeable to their Parishes: And praying,

That the said Act may be continued, notwithstanding the Petitions presented to the House for repealing the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred.

Mr. Parkhurst, from the Commissioners of Prizes, Account <4 according to Order, presented to the House an Account of such Ships and Goods taken and condemned as Prize, from the Commencement of the late War with France to the End thereof, which have been delivered into the Prize-office, or come to their Cognizance; together with their net Proceed, and how that Proceed hath been disposed of: And the Title thereof was read.

The Account is in a Book by itself.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of divers Yarn-makers, Combers, Dyers, importing Pressers, Callenders, and others concerned in the Wool- -usht len Manufacture in the City of Norwich, on behalf of SlIk*. themselves, and many poor People who have their Dependence upon those Employments, was presented to

lr<Fa

A

-Jr

-4,

be troubled with adjusting the Proportions, and much the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of

less with soliciting the Payment, from several Hands:

The Result of what passed between Mr. Dickvelt and me was as I have told you. Hereupon the King commanded me to speak with the Prince; and, by his Majesty's Order, I writ that Letter of July Qth, 89, to Monsieur

Ludolph; and his Highness immediately and generously signed the Release of his Mortgages; telling me, He desired no better Security than the Assurance his Majesty had given him.

After this, it was necessary, that this Debt should be stated and settled; and I believe, Monsieur De Plessen insisting too rigorously upon his Calculation of it, did a long time delay the Adjustment of it: For, by his Ma- Trade of England. jesty s Command, I often writ to my land to

the vast Quantity of East India wrought Silks, Bengalis, and printed and stained Callicoes, imported, and worn , in this Kingdom of late Years, the Petitioners Trades are very much decayed; and, unless some Restraint be laid upon the Importation or Consumption of those Commodities, there will be such vast Quantities thereof imported, as will much more impoverish the Petitioners, if not utterly ruin them: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the

press this Matter to a Conclusion; and, by the like Com- A Petition of Thomas Cudmore Esquire, was presented to King's Brock

inand, I spoke to the Pensioner, when I attended the the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner,

having

)9.

'ted: ship d to

S-H ' .'of ha)

rd-

11 W. III.

13° Januarii.

By Bills from the Out Ports in the Receiver General's Hands, not yet received -

Mord. Abbott. Total of all -

e\

having a Judgment for loo/, against William Remaining for like Bonds for Wine Y

a Prisoner in the Fleet, charged Mr. Fox, the then and Tobacco, in the Out Ports, asv Warden, with an Habeas Corpus, to bring A filler up to by Accounts received from the seve-f the King's Bench Bar; but he returned a Tarde thereon, ral Collectors - -j

and an Escape to another Habeas Corpus; so that the Petitioner is like to have no Satisfaction from For, w ho is insolvent, who only was nominal Warden, and acted for Mr. Tilly, a Prisoner there at large, who said, Miller should be forthcoming; and that he had good Security for him: And praying, That Mr. Tilly may answer the Premises, and that the Petitioner may be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

121

c s. d.

23,298 3

6,596 1

£173,011 16 8

DoJpti

Stop.

King's Bench and Meet prisons.

The said Report:

To the Honourable the Commons of England assembled in Parliament The Commissioners of the Customs in Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, of the 7th of December last, requiring them to lay before this House an Account A Petition of Daniel Golding was presented to the of what Bonds are standing out upon the Subsidy of

House, and read; setting forth, That, in Trinity Term Nonage and Poundage, granted to his Majesty for Five last, he took Mary Manly, alias Brawn, in Execution Years ending the 25th of December 1699, humbly prefer 100l.; who, the same Day, turned herself over to sent the Abstract hereunto annexed, containing the total the Fleet; and the Warden hath ever since granted her Sum on such Bonds standing out in the Port of London; free Liberty; who, had she been confined, would have and also of what remains in the Out Ports, asnearas they

Bok-Ib

Employing the Poor.

paid the Petitioner, she being a responsible Person: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on W ork; and who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills; have Power to

have been informed, by their Letters from the several Collectors; amounting, together with the Bills in the Receiver General's Hands, to 173,011 /. 16$, Sd.; which appearing to be a great Sum, the said Commissioners crave Leave to acquaint this Honourable House, That the Ponds for additional Duty on Tobacco, making more than Half of the Whole, are generally given on Prospect of exporting the Tobacco of those Entries; in which Case no Money will be paid on any such Bonds, but the Merchants will discharge them, by the Debentures they

|riv/puiv.) uuu isi u 1/111 ui i/iiio j imvv. 1 tw q "

prepare, and bring in a Bill or Bills, for any particular are iotitled to, on the Exportation of their Goods.

Impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Leave of Absence.

And, as to the Wine Bonds; though there be very little Wine exported, the Certificates of Allowances for Damages and Outs will make some Deductions from those Bonds.

Moreover it is to be observed, That the Merchants having Twelve Months time to export their Goods, the Exportations for Six Months next, will, by a Medium, Ordered, That Sir Thomas Day have Leave to go into bear whol,y upon the Importations of the last Year, the the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Debentures of which will amount to a very considerable casions. ..... *' ' — - - — *- ....

Place or Places.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Cmcard have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Bonds for Mr. Godolphi/t,from the Commissioners of the Cus-Customs. toms, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of Bonds taken for Customs in London, and the Out Ports, before Christnms 1699, and standing out the 11 th of January:

And also, a Report from the Custom-house Board, relating to the same.

And the Titles were read:

And the Account and Report are as fellowviz.

The said Account:

In the Receiver General's Hands; —

For additional Duty on Wine - 24,024

For additional Duty on Tobacco - 78,974

A lord. Abbott.

In the Solicitor's Hands to be pro-7 secuted - - - - -$

John Bridger.

In the Plantation Receiver's Hands:

Additional Duty for Tobacco

lien.JVols

In the Wine Receiver s Hands:

Additional Duty for Wine

Tho. Cooke.

In the Grand Receipt:

For Subsidy from the East India Company, and additional Duty:

For Silk and Linen from ditto

Chr. Tower.

Vol. 13.

s.

10

6

d.

6

51

5,096

11 10

60 111

6,499 14

- 28,461 11 2

Sum: And there being no Bonds admitted for any Subsidy, but from the East India Company, and none standing out for the additional Duty on Silk or Linen, but from the said Company; all other Debentures foradditional Duty and Halt Subsidy must be paid in ready Money; for which there is no Allowance reserved in this Account, but w hat may be received on the Bonds: And the Debentures for Goods actually exported before Christmas, and not yet paid, appear, by an Inquiry the Commissioners have made upon this Occasion, to amount to near 60,000l. in the Port of London only; and, by the nearest

Estimate they can make from the Accounts of the Out Ports, may be about One Tenth of that Sum: To which if there be added the Charge of the Establishment and Incidents to Christmas; and also the Over-payments on the Customs in several of the Out Ports, by Money borrowed from other Branches, and some Allowances made for Insolvencies; it will be found, that the Sum here appearing to be accounted for to the Customs, before the new Appropriation of them took place, will but suffice to discharge the Debts that Account is subject to How ever, it has been thought fit, that this Account of all Money receivable before Christmas be kept distinct; whereby it will appear, if there be any further Surplus, over and above the Payments here mentioned to be due out of the same, and the 218,000l. already paid into the Exchequer, on that Account, from this Branch of Customs.

All which is most humbly submitted to this Honourable House.

Sam. Clark,

Walt. Yonge,

T. Newport,

C. Godolphin, ITm.St. Quint in.

Ordered, That the said Account and Report do lie upon the T'able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ii A Bill

Supply Bill Irish Forfeitures.

Avon

Navigation.

Defective

Titles.

Howland's

Estate.

Exporting

Wool.

Army

Arrears.

122 130 — -150 Januarii. A. 1699.

A Bill to apply all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That all the Members of the House do then attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewkner, Mr. George Pill, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Sautidersm, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Act for making the River Avon, from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum, more effectual, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hysham and Mr. Lake be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, ot other defective Titles, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunevf 15° die Januarii;

the Petition of Richard Nicholls, and others, was referred; and who were to consider of, and report to the House, what they conceive fit to be done for the Relief of the Soldiers in general.

A Petition of Thomas Woodward, Joiner, was pre- King'sDei sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the *',eel Petitioner charged Thomas Young in Exe cution in the Fleet rlsons* for 4,50/..* But the Warden lets him have his Liberty; and the Petitioner is not able to prosecute the Warden of the Fleet upon an Action of Escape: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee relating to the Abuses of the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet.

A Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants; Vagrant* and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent; was read a First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That Sir Oxcen Buckingham, Sir Robert Clay- Avon ton, Mr. Barnardiston, Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Robert Davers, Kavloat Mr. Kent, Mr. Guy, Mr. Henly, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon nav igable from Bristoil to Bath is commisted.

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Benjamin Hudson Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in February 1688, Edward Hudson, deceased, the Petitioner's elder Brother, purchased of his Grandtather and Father, deceased, several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Leicestershire, subject to a Mortgage for 2,150/. payable to Jeoffry Howland Esquire, and Sam. Howland, who are dead; and their Interest therein is descended to the Marquis of Tavistock, in Right of his Wife; and, the Petitioner's Brother being dead without Issue, his Title to the said Premises is descended upon the Petitioner: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to take the Estate in Law, in the said several mortgaged Premises, out of the said Marquis of Tavistock, and his Wife, the Heir of the Hoivlands, they being Infants, and consenting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Mr. Elans do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of William Woodford was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath some Proposals to offer of a most sure and effectual Way of hindering the Exportation of Wool: And praying Leave, That be may make them appear, in such maimer as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what has been done against the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture; and to report their Opinion what may be further necessary to be done.

A Petition of George Ansley and Peter Lander, Corporals to Captain Cooper, in the First Marine Regiment, lately commanded by the Right Honourable the Marquis of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are severally due to them, for Subsistence and Arrears, considerable Sums of Money; and the Petitioner Ansley arrested Captain Cooper; who produced the said Marquis's Protection; and was thereupon discharged, though Application was made to the Marquis; and now' pretends, that Ansley was a Deserter; though it appears, by the Muster-roll, that he was fairly discharged; and he can prove, that he never absented the-Service: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom

A Petition of Ambrose Thehvall Gentleman, was pre- Pefecfe sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in Title*. 1621, King James the First granted certain Lands in the Isle of Wight, called Bradeing Haven, then lately inned trom the Sea, to Sir Hugh Middleton and others, in Fee; who conveyed the same to the Petitioner's Grandfather; who enjoyed the same till 1630, w hen the same was again overflowed; but, in 1657, the same was near regained by the Petitioner's Father; but nut perfected, by reason ot some Neglect of the Workmen: And, about Eleven Years since, the Right of the said Haven descended to the Petitioner, being then an Infant of about Ten Years old, whose Infancy hitherto hath delayed the Petitioner's Endeavours to regain the said Lands: That the Petitioner is advised, the Bill in the House for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretence of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions of the Sea, and other defective Titles, will prejudice his Right: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted therein, for saving the Petitioner's Right to the said Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee thereupon.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders of Avon Keinton, Nettleton, and Wraxall, in the County of Kavi Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoil to Bath, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, and noways be ail Advantage to the Publick: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to aVu inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or Chi collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Yates,

Lord Cornbury, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thursby, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Pro by, Mr. Brotherton, Mr.

Lee, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gurdon, Mr. Campion, Mr.

Hancock,

11 W. III. 15° Janua‘ 123

Hancock, Mr. Rowncy, Mr. Bullock, Sir John Cope, Mr. Osborne, Sir A'icA. Farrington, Mr. Sir

Ozren Buckingham-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

kvenokM A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

heads. ether Inhabitants, of the Counties of K'ent and Sussex,

was presented to the Mouse, and read; setting forth, That the Road from Sevenokes to Tonbridge in A t nt, being the Post-road to llye, Hastings, and Tonbridge, by reason of several wet Years, and the heavy Carriages constantly passing the same, are become almust impassable, though the Inhabitants have used their utmost Endeavours for preserving the same; and the Inhabitants of Tonbridge have, of late Years, been at great Charges in repairing the said Roads; but are utterly disabled to do the same: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a [ ill for repairing the Highways iroin Seven-okes to Tunbridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Campion and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

taking Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to fetor, the House a Bill for the better Relieving and Employing the Poor of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon IVedntsuay Morning next.

Wract Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

vilegesand Elections, touching the Election lur the Borough of Pontefract in the County of York, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

of Parliament passed in Scotland for erecting a Company trading to Africa and the Indies, be now read;

And a Debate arising thereupon; ‘

And the Question being put, that the Debate be ad* jourued till Friday next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^; 191.

[Mr. Foley: Tellers for the Noes. £t'/er;

190.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

T he said Book being brought up to the Table; several Paragraphs therein were read.,

Revived, Ntmine contradicente, That the said Book, highly reflecting upon the Honour of his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament; and tending to create Jealousies and Animosities betwixt the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland; is a false, scandalous, and traitorous Libel.

Ordered, That the said false, scandalous, and traitorous Libel, be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock, in the Palace Yard: And that the Sheriffs of Lonuon do see the same perlormed.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That lie will please to issue his Royal Proclamation for the discovering and apprehending the Author,

Printer, and Publisher, of the said false, scandalous, and traitorous Libel; promising a Reward to such as shall discover or apprehend such Author, Printer, or Publisher.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles-

And they were so.

Mifatoe Mr. Thursby reported from the Committee, to whom Lrld Pehh°11 of Richard Nicholls, and others, was re-5, ferred; and who were, in the First Place, to consider of and report, what they conceived fit to be done, for the Relief of the Soldiers in general; That they had considered the same accordingly; and had directed him to move, That Leave may be given to bring in a LIII for the erecting a Court of Judicature, for the hearing and determining all Differences between the Soldiers and their Officers, touching their Pay, or other Injuries by them complained of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting a Court of Judicature,* for toe hearing and determining all Differences between the Soldiers and their Officers, touching their Pay, or other Injuries by them complained of: And that Mr. ‘Jhursby and Mr. Hancock do prepare, and bring in, the bill.

l* . A Bill for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers ^von anc* F'room; and cleansing the Streets of the City of Bristoll; w'as, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yates, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Clark, Mr. How, Sw John Phillips, Mr. Freke, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Burrard, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Blake, Sir Kdw. Hussey, Mr. Lawther, Colonel Lee, Mr England, Mr. Smith, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Richard Cocks, §\r John Bolles, Mr. Duke, Mr. Brothcrton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gerard, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Bridges; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, V. at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, u*

W- A Complaint being made to the House of a printed £La ®°°^ intituled, " An Inquiry into the Causes of the " Miscarriage of the Scots Colony at Darien; or an Answer to a Libel, intituled, A Defence of the Scots abdicating Darien And a Motion being made, That the Address of the Lords and Commons to his Majesty, relating, to an Act Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go into Westminster-hall, Members and Court ot Request, and Places adjacent, and summon summoned* the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And afterwards returned with the Mace.

The House took Notice, That the Honourable Cha. irjsh Forfei-Mountag u Esquire, on Saturday last, in the Debate upon tures-Words the Bill for selling the forfeited Estates in Ireland, had spoken by a said, That he had heard some Members of this House on

had written dishonourably of his Majesty, to the Com- the House.' missioners for the Forfeitures in Ireland: And it being moved, That, for the vindicating the Honour of the House, the said Mr. Mountagu should name the Person by whom he had heard it said; and Mr. Mount agu, being often called upon to name the Person, did, in his Place, desire to be excused for so doing; for that the same was told him as a Secret, in private Conversation; and declared, That nothing hut an Order of the House should constrain him so to do. But it being insisted, That it was for the Vindication of the Honour of the House, every Members Reputation being concerned in so general a Report; and,

A Motion being made, and a Question proposed, That Mr. Mount agu should name the Person; he was heard thereupon in his Place; and insisted upon the Irregularity of such a Question, so long after the said Debate; which Matter was long debated: And afterwards other Questions were proposed, That whereas it had been suggested, or reported, that some Members, or a Member, of this House, had written dishonourably of his Majesty, to the Commissioners for Irish Forfeitures, That the said Report is false and scandalous.

And an Amendment or Amendments being proposed, as if the said Suggestion or Report within the House w as false;

Mr. Mount agu, of himself, rather than have any Question to that Purpose put, for the vindicating himseltj and doing Right to the Members of the House, often asserted the Truth of his being so informed; thought fit to name the Person who informed him of what he said;

and

0

124

Januarii.

A. 1699.

and the Person by him named was the Right Honourable John Methwen Esquire, Lord Chancellor of Ireland, a Member of the House.

And thereupon the said Mr. Methwen was called upon, to give an Account of what he had said to the said Mr. Mount agu.

Whereupon he said, That he never did tell Mr. Moun-tagu, That there was a Letter from any Member of this House containing those Expressions by him mentioned; viz. That they should not omit putting the private Estate in the Report, because that would reflect more, or most, on his Majesty, or any Expressions to that Effect; but that, indeed, he did tell Mr. Mountagu, That he had heard, That, amongst the Commissioners themselves, Words were spoken, to persuade the mentioning the Grant of the private Estate in the Report, to the Effect following:

That it was a villainous Grant, and would reflect more than any other.

And a Debate being in the House concerning the said Report, That a Member of this House had written dishonourably of his Majesty to the Commissioners for Irish Forfeitures;

Resolved, That the said Report is false and scandalous. Motion in A Motion being made, That the Four Commissioners Commission- Forfeitures, who signed the Report presented to

ers# this House, have acquitted themselves in the Execution

of that Commission with Understanding and Integrity;

- And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That all the Commissioners for Irish Forfeitures who are in Town,' and their Secretary, do attend this House Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Martis, 16° die Januarii;

li* Gulielmi TertK.

Avon Navi- A PETITION of his Majesty's Tenants of the gation. Jr\. Manors of Stratton super Foss, Midsomcr, Norton, Farringdon, Gurny, Westharptree, Inglescombe, f JVidcomble, and Laverton, Parcel of the Duchy of

Cornwall, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have purchased their Lands for great Fines from the Crow n, and made great Improvements; but the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, will greatly prejudice as well his Majesty, as Lord of the said Manors, as the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, against passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before them thereupon.

Djtto# A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Parish of Lacock, and Places adjacent, near Bath, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, if it should pass as now it is drawn, will be a very great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and no Advantage to the Publick: And praying. That they may be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before them thereupon.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders to Newfound- Salt Duties. land, and in the Herring-fishery, living in Biddejord, in Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by several Acts of Parliament, there is a Duty of 6s.- 8 d. per Bushel laid upon all Salt imported, payable* within Six Months, unless exported again within that time; for Payment whereof, the Petitioners give Bonds at the Custom-house: But, by reason of the Shortness of the Time for Payment, the Petitioners are greatly prejudiced in their Trade; for that, when any Salt is imported after March, they cannot again export it till February following; so that their Bonds, being thereby forfeited, are often put in Suit against them: And praying, That the Time may be enlarged for discharging the said Duties.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Woollaston have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abs€n<*.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Execution of Blackwell-an Act, intituled, an Act to restore the Market at Black-well-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors A eL there; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, an Act to restore the Market at Blackxcell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Dennis, on the behalf of several Seamen sAi Thousand Seamen, was presented to the House, and read; resetting forth, That he being employed.....Sea-

men and their Wives, to receive their Wages, found many unreasonable Objections made to the Payment thereof; which he is ready to make appear: And, for that Purpose, he applied to the Commissioners of the Admiralty for Redress; who referred it to the Commissioners of the Navy; but they will not meddle therewith, because the Seamen s Case is before this House: And praying, That they may be heard and relieved touching their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to such Members of this House, as are Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy; And that the Petition of the Marines, relating to the Q's and R's, be transferred from the Committee, to whom the same was referred, and also be referred to the Consideration of the said Commissioners: And that they do report to the House, how' the Petitioners Cases stand.

Mr. Jei^vois, from the Committee, to whom it was re* Privilege-ferred to consider of the Petition of the Commissioners for ^etler re' preventing the Exportation of Wool, acquainted the blouse House, that a Letter had been produced to the Committee, as wrote by one Mr. Crispin the Country, concerning the great Charges of the Committee-rooms; which Letter the said Mr. Crisp ow ned; and said, One Mr. Haines had told him thereof: And that Mr. Haines, being examined thereto, denied the same before the Committee.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthington have Leave to w ithdraw AltlboroiJ his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Aldborough, in the County of York.

Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds be allowed for Bounty-money to the Officers of the Fleet

Resolved,

II W. III. 16* — 17°

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 184,342 /. be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, exclusive of the Charge for registring Seamen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety Thousand Pounds, be allowed for the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Commit The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday:

lmh For* And the House being informed, That Sir Richard

fotuiwT fating) Sir Francis Brewster, Mr. Annesly, Mr. Trenchard, and Mr. Langfordand Mr. Hooper their Secretary, attended, according to Order;

Sir Richard Leving was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Then Sir Francis Brewster, Mr. Annesly, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Langford, and Mr. Hooper, were called in; and examined.

And then withdrew:

There having been divers groundless and scandalous Aspersions cast upon Francis Annesly, John Trenchard, James Hamilton, and Henry Langford, Esquires, Four of the Commissioners for the Irish forfeitures;

Motion in Resolved,~That the said Four Commissioners have ac-favour of quitted themselves in the Execution of that Commission mt with Understanding, Courage, and Integrity.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Leving, One other of the said Commissioners, has been the Author of the said groundless and scandalous Reports upon the Four Commissioners before-mentioned.

One com- Resolved, That the said Sir Rickard Leving be com-

muted to the mitted Prisoner to the Tower of London, for the said lower* Offence: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants for that Purpose.

Committee* Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 17° die Januarii;

li° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir James Ash Baronet, and Sir Cha. Duncomb Knight, on behalf of themselves, and divers others, whose Lands are bordering upon the River Avon, within the Counties of Wilts and Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable between Christ Church and the City of New Sartim, will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners Properties, and otherwise, if the same should pass: And praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Navigation of the River Avon between Christ Church and the City of New Sarum more effectual, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, near the City of Bristol! in the County of Somersett, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for the publick Good, the Promoting of Trade, and the many other publick Advantages, that may arise by the Bill Vo 1.13.

Januarii* 125

depending in the House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, they pray, That the said Bill may pass

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed*

Ordered, . *.. the Bill for erecting and establishing a Westminster Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Small Debts* Liberties thereof, be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand jury, Water-at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the measure* County of Gloucester, the Ninth Day of January 1699, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Measure called Water-measure, is so incertain, that many Inconveniencies and Law-suits have arisen thereby:

And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for ascertaining the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine, and report the Matter to the House; together with' their Opinion, whether they do think it fit, That a Bill should be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Pierpoint,

Mr. Offley, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Stratford, Mr. Laugher,

Mr. Stringer, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Jervois, Mr.

Gzcynn, Mr. Child, Mr. Yates, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Henly,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Shackerly, Lord Cheny, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Poultny, Mr. Whitchcot, Mr. Phillips, Sir Richard Far+ rington, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hobly?i, Sir Robert Jenkinson, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all that serve for the City of London, and

Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Robert Colepcpyr Gentleman, wras pre- Rye Harbotir. sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner gave Information to his Majesty, by what means the Harbour of Rye, and many other Harbours, are decaying; and how further Decay might be prevented, without any Charge; and that Rye Harbour might be much improved, if some Obstructions were removed out of a navigable Chanel there: That the Matter of the said Information was referred to the Surveyors of the Navy Board; w ho have reported in the Petitioner's Favour:

Which Report is now before the Committee of this House, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred:

And praying the House to consider his Services.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider, Reer and Ale and report to the House, whether it be fit, That a Bill be Measure, brought in for the ascertaining the Measures of Beer and Ale, according to sealed Measures, to be kept in every Town.

And it is referred to Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Row! Gxcyn, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Robert Eaon,

Lord Cornbury, Mr. York, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Jervois,

Doctor Dawenant, Mr. Palmer, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Thom-hagh, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Bertie, Sir Phil. Butler,

Mr. Dormer, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Offley, Mr. PhiUips, Mr. Vane, Mr. Dyot, Lord Chenie, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Perry, Mr. Blofeild; and all that serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, York, Stafford,

Lincoln, Wilts, Cheshire, and Conrwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of K k the

i2 6 i 70 Januaril. 1699.

Copper the Ckyof/J a;Y^/rr, irtCouncil assembled, was presented Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Coinage. to the House> anc| read; setting forth, That, by reason of be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

the great Quantities of Half-pence and Farthings amongst committed, them, great Damage is done to Trade in general; several of the Petitioners being seldom without an Hundred A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Westminster, We&tmmtei Pound Value of them; and younger Traders having more was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Small Debt* than Half their Stock in that useless Money, which should That the Number of their Poor daily increaseth, by the be employed in buying fresh Goods; but nobody will great Decay of Credit amongst the poorer Sort of People, take in that Coin to any considerable Value: And pray- for want of a cheap and speedy Way of recovering small ing, That there may be a Stop put to the coining any Debts, and the chargeable and vexatious Suits brought more Farthings and Half-pence, until the great Redun- against them for the same; the Charge whereof is so great, dancy of them be something over. that often the Creditor loseth both Debt and Costs, ana

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon th£ Table the Debtor is thrown into Prison, and his Family falls to until the Bill, for the restraining the coining any more the Parish: To remedy which, the Petitioners conceive; Half-pence and Farthings, be brought in the Bill now depending in the House, for the erecting and

establishing a Court of Conscience within the City of /Vest-Lacy's A Bill for the Sale of several Western Manors and minster, and Liberties thereof, will be an effectual Means:

Estate. Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire, for discharge- And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

ing a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surr Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabid plus-money in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to be until the said Bill be read a Second time.

settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Baldwin's The Lord Clieine, according to Order, presented to the Estate. House a Bill for the better enabling Anne Baldwin Widow, to make Sale of a Capital Messuage and Lands called Wiltons, and other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised to her by her late Husband's Will: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Martha Ship. A Bill for the Ship Martha of Mar gam to trade as a

free Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rmland Gwyn, Mr. England\ Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Probert, Mr. White, Mr. Lowther, Sir Abstru. Dan by, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Henly, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Cox, Mr. P/cy-dall, Mr. Dormer, Mr. BlofeiUl, Mr. Mounstexcns, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Rayne?', Mr. Sayer: And all that serve for South Wales: And they are to tneet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Vexatious Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That Suits in the Act of the 22d and 23d Car. IIdl, forgiving no more

Wales, Costs than Damages, may extend to the Principality of

Wales, and Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham, and Lancaster: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Morgan, and Sir Robert Edoh, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Avon A Petition of the Grand Jury, impanelled to serve for

Navigation, the Body of the County of Wilts, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Salisbury in and for the said County, on die 10th Day of January 1699; together with the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Freeholders there; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the Act for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church, to the City of New Sarum more effectual, may be of great Advantage to the Country, by giving such Power to the Commissioners of the said Navigation as Commissioners of Sewers have for removing Obstructions, and preventing Inundations of the said River, whereby the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands bordering thereon have suffered great Damages; and that their Power be extended to several Parts of the several Rivers in and about Salisbury, running into the stud River; and also that the Undertakers of the Navigation may not be suffered to mitigate the Fines imposed by the Commissioners; without which Restraint, the Petitioners are well assured, the Powers already granted the Commissioners by the former Act will become ineffectual: And praying, That the said additional Powers may be inserted in the said Bill.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yester- Privilege-day, upon the Report relating to the Letter touching the Letter. Charge of the Committee Rooms.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Report, so far as the same relates to the Honour of the House, and of the said Committee; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for the better relieving and employing the Poor Employing of this Kingdom w as, according to the Order of the Day, d* foor* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from Pontefract the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, EJecliofl-as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Pontefract in the County of York; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which h6 read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Robert Moncton Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Bright Esquire, to serve for the said Borough:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in such Persons as have an Inheritance or Freehold of Burgage Tenure within the said Borough:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Bright - - - - 72.

For Mr. Moncton - - - - 70.

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That, as to Eight; viz. John Symofids, Sam. Hoyle, Ant. Hornby, Leonard Stables, Richard Franke, Robert Moore, Tho. Taylor,

Robert Loivther; that they ought not to be allowed upon the Sitting Member's Poll:

And that one Edward Foster had Right to vote, and would have voted for the Petitioner; and was refused:

That, as to the Three first, the Objection by the Counsel was, That they had lately bought their Estate of one Routh, which was One Burgage; but divided, upon the Purchase, to make several Votes: And for that they called Benezer Hebwood: Who said, That Symonds, Hoyle, and Hornby, were brought to him by Mr. Replyn, Steward to Mr. Bright; which said Mr. Keplyn told Air. Hebwood\

That Mr. Bright was the Purchaser; and that he must draw a Lease from the said Symonds, Hoyle, and Hornby, to Mr. Bright, for 1,000 Years; for that the Deeds were only to enable them to vote: That, accordingly, Mr. Hebwood said, He did prepare Three Conveyances from one Ruoih, for each Person one, the Consideration being 60,

40, and 20/.; That the Conveyances were not executed before he went to London, which was the 22d June; but they severally paid for their Deeds: And he could not give any further Account about the Lease.

Robert

j

11W, III.

12 j

Robert Ward said, That the Grourids bought of Rooth lay intire together, and was but One Burgage: That there is but One House on it; and lie never knew but Ond Vote for it.

William Staples, Son of Leonard Staples, said, That dll the Freehold Lands his Father had within the Borough was conveyed to him 15 Years since.

HtbwoodssA&, That Richard Frank's Deeds of Purchase were not intended at the time of the Election; but since, Upon making his Fealty, he produced them, and they were then indented.

Robert Ward said, That Mr. Bright's Steward sent for Mrs.il/oor to an Alehouse, and told her, He would give her 40s. if she would promise her Husband should vote for his Master; and accordingly he gave her the Money: But it was acknowleged, That Mr. Keplijn did say something to her of a desperate Debt; and that a Receipt was given by her for it, which was writ by one Gargrctce, an Attorney.

Doctor Johnson said, That Thomas Taylor* left all his Estate to his younger Children by his Will; but he acknowleged, That Tho. Taylor the Son, who voted, was an Alderman of Pontefract.

Robert Ward said, That Lowther, and one Burman, voted for One Burgage.

William Staples said, That Edward Foster's Deeds of Purchase were produced in Court at the Election; but he was refused his Vote, because his Deeds were dated Three or Four Days after the Teste of the Writ; though he yet enjoys the Estate.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, That there were Persons present at the time of the Election, on behalf of each Candidate; and that none of the Persons now excepted to, but Staples, were excepted to at the time of the Election: And that they would justify the Sitting Members Votes, and disqualify 12 that voted for the Petitioner; viz.

Thomas Picker, Hen. Rushworth, Wm. Crow, Rich. Nettleton Esquire, Jonath. Adaman, Elkanah Hather-wight, Jonath. Cressy, Geo. Downes, John Thwaytes, Rich. Green, Jos. Rothwell, William Watson.

That, as to the Eight excepted to by the Petitioner, Mr. Edmund Abbot said, That he is Town Clerk of Pontefract, and took the Poll for the Mayor: That, before the Poll began, the Counsel agreed, that what Votes were excepted to, should be marked, and disputed afterwards; and that accordingly some Queries were made: But Mr. Moncton, as he apprehended, being satisfied with the Election, went away, without disputing the m:

That there was no Exception, at the Time of the Election, to Symonds, Hoyle, or Hornby; and that the Estates bought by them were several Burgages, and paid several Rents: To prove which, they brought their Writings into Court, and proved them fairly executed: That Leonard Staoles did pay 2 s. Rent for a Freehold he had; and there is no such Rent paid, but for Burgage 1 enure:

That the Counsel insisted, That, in Point of Law, Frank's Deeds were effectual to convey the Estate, without being indented:

That Taylor, who voted, was an Alderman, and had been Mayor; and could not have been so, unless he bad a Burgage: And that he pays Burgage-rent for his House, which he bought of his Father's Trustees:

That Robert Loxcther and # Burman bought Two several Burgages of one Austin; and that they paid several Rents: And that Estate had been in Two Persons before, who voted severally for it Mr. Kcplyn said, That Rooth told him, He had Three Burgages to sell, and had great Occasion for Money; and desired him to help the said Rooth, to a Purchaser: And that he acquainted Symonds, Hoyle, and Hornby, and others, with it; and did make a Bargain with the said Three Persons, without mentioning it to Mr. Bright: And that there was no Trust in the Case, nor any Mention made by him of any Lease to be made to Mr. Bright: But acknowleged, That he sold to Mr. Rooth certain

Vgl. 13.

Lands called the Or Closes, and received of Mr. Routh Pontefract 2501, for them. Election.

As to die 40s. by hhn paid to Moor's Wife, he said,

It was in part of Payment of a Debt owing by one Ralph Middleton, a Servant to his Muster, which had been owing Eight or Ten Years, and was paid by the said Mr. Kcplyn, at the said Middleton'S Request, about a Month or Six Weeks before the Election, the said Middleton allowing him to deduct it out of his Wages: And the Said Mr.

Keplijn said, That, upon Paying of the 9aid 40 s. he did* not ask Moors Wife for her Husband's Vote, nor had any Expectation of it:

That Edward Foster declared himself as well for Mr.

Bright as Mr. Moncton*, but his Deeds being of late Date, he was not admitted to vote:

That, as to 7 of the 12 of the Petitioner's Voters impeached by the Sitting Member's Counsel; they insisted they had no Burgage Right t And called

Thomas Taylor: cWlio said, That Thom. Picker told him since the Election, That he had no Burgage Estate* but only to serve a Turn: Though it was acknow leged he had voted before, and was not objected to; and hath the same Burgage now that he then had; nor was any Objection made to his Vote at this Election.

Mr. Abbott said, That Thomas Picker is not entered iii the Mayor's Book, as a Burgher; nor ever paid any Rent: But he acknowleged he had formerly produced his Deeds of Purchase 2

That Henry Rushworth pays 6d. a Year; but it ha9 been said to be for an Incroaehment; and his Vote was always disputed:

That Wm. Crow's Burgage is in his Mother, by way of Jointure; and was put down with a Q: But it was acknowleged, he had voted once before:

That Richard Nettleton Esquire, producedhis Deeds at the time of the Election; which were for Part of an House that paid an intire Rent, and had not been before divided:

That John Adaman voted in Right of his Wife; and that the Estate was devised by her former Husband to his Children:

That, as to Elkanah Hathenvight; the Mortgagee was in Possession of his Burgage, and he had only an Equity of Redemption:

That Cressy s Mother had Half the House, and his Title always disputed:

That, as to Five others, the Sitting Member s Counsel charged them with Bribery; And called

Thomas Smallxvood: Who said, That by one Ward's Order, who appeared for the Petitioner, be gave to Elkanah Hatheiwight the Day of the Election, after the Election was over, 1 o s.: That he had promised the said 10 s. before the Election, and had been repaid the same by the said Ward:

That Thomas Sheply, Steward to the Petitioner, told him, That what Money he laid out for the Petitioner, he would repay him: And that, upon the said Promise, he had laid out, in Money and Entertainments, upon Ha-therwight, Cressy, Rothwell, Green, and Watson, the Sum of 20$.: That particularly he gave Green Money for his Vote: That he has demanded the 20$. by him laid out, of Mr. Shipley; who said, He would pay the said Smallwood some time or another.

Samuel Medley said, That, about Four Days before the Election, Mr. Shepley gave him 105.; and desired him to give it to Geo. Downe; and press him for his single Vote for the Petitioner: And that he did accordingly give him, the said Downe, the 1 o; and pressed him for his Vote; and the said Downe did vote for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner s Counsel, by way of Reply, called

Hebbxvorth: Who said, That Thomas Picker has a Burgage; and he had seen him do Fealty, and pay Rent; and that he drew Picker's Deeds of Purchase about Three Years since:

That Stone, who sold the Estate to Hen. Rushworth, had voted for that Estate:

13 That

128 if — 18"

That Mr. Craw had foted several times.

As to Richard Nettkton there was no Answer.

That John Adaman voted, as having married Loiymans . Widow; and is in Possession of the Estate:

That Hatherwights Father made a Lease for 99 Years; and Hatherwight voted, as.having the Fee, which he has since the Election, and sold to Routh And he was not objected to:

That Cressy s Father died seized of Burgage; and Jonathan Cressy is his Heir: But it was acknowleged, that his Mother had Two or Three Rooms in the House, separate, by his Fathers Appointment

Mr. Tho. Shepley denied, That he was any Steward, or other Servant, to the Petitioner; or that he ever gave Smallwood any Orders to lay out any Money; but, on the contrary, did receive a Letter from the Petitioner to discharge the said Smallwood from laying out any Money: But acknowleged, That he did give Medly the 10 s. for Downe; but said, it was not for his Vote, but of his free Will, his own Money, and after the Election.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Bright Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract y in the County of York.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Bright Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

} >43-

Tellers for the Noes. } ,57'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put,..... Robert Moncton Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Pontefract;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, in the Room of John Bright Esquire, who is adjudged not to be duly elected.

'Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis9 18° die Januarii;

ii° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Avon A PETITION of the Grand Jury impanelled to

Navigation. inquire for the Body of the County of Wilts, at the

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at the City of Salisbury the l oth Day of January 1699; together with the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Freeholders, then and there assembled; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristol! to Bath, will great.. lessen the Markets in the County of Wilts; and consequently lessen the Value of Lands there; the City of Bath being supplied by the Growth and Product of those Lands, in great measure; which the Passing of the said Bill will Obstruct: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass;

JanuariL A. 1699.

it being such a Prejudice and Discouragement to the Inhabitants of Wilts, that their Damage will be much more considerable, than any Persons or Places can be advantaged by it.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by theii Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders in Avon the Parish of Bathford, in the County of Somerset, near Navigation. Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, if it should pass; and be no Advantage to the Publick: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, wrhat they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Ditto. Parishes of Cold Ashton, near Bath, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, should pass, it will greatly damage the Petitioners, and be no ways serviceable to the Publick: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Ditto. Parishes of Mounton Farly, near Bath, in the County of Wilts, w*as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath; which, if it should pass, will be a great Injury to the Pe-. titioners; and not serviceable to the Publick, as is pretended: And praying, That they may be heard by their,

Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of several concerned in the Woollen Manu- Ditto, facture, in the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, should pass as it now is, it will be a great Prejudice and Wrong to them: And praying. That they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Ditto. Parishes of Katherine, and Batheston, near Bath, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, will be to the great Wrong and Prejudice to the Petitioners^ if it should pass; and not serviceable to the Publick: And praying to be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Dittc Parishes of Bideston, and Saughterford, near Bath, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read

setting

I I W. III.

18 ° Januarii.

129

setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Hill in this House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath; which Bill, if it should pass, as it now is, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners; and not serviceable to the Publick, as is pretended: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, to shew their Objections against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

on A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders, of

Savigauoo. fa Hundred of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill now depending in the House for making the River Avon navigable from limtoll to Bath; which Bill, should it pass, would be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and no ways serviceable to the Publick, as is suggested: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill, before the same be suffered to pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Boue-lace. A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, capital Burgesses, with the principal Inhabitants and Dealers in Bone-lace, within the Town of Shafton in the County of Dorset, was

presented to the House, and read; ....

since the late Act of Parliament for the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, the Petitioners have found a great Increase of their Trade, to the Employment of the Poor; and that above 600 Persons in Shafton wholly depend on the said Manufacture; so that, if the said Act should be repealed, their Livelihood will be taken from them, and the Substance of the said Corporation will not be sufficient to supply the Wants of their Poor: And praying, That the said Act may be therefore continued.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred.

Order for Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

preventing House do take care, the Footmen, and all others, be re-W move(i frora standing upon the Stairs in the Passage to the House, to prevent any Annoyance by them: And this to be a standing Order of the House.

Annoyance I tom 1 m

I Irish Trans- A Petition of John Traverse, and several Owners and I port Debt. Masters of Ships,*on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Debt due for Transport Service in Reducing of Ireland\ and other Transport Services performed in the Years 1693, and 1697, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That for the said Services, there is due to the Petitioners, in the whole, the Sum of 445,035/. 6^. tod.; and no Provision is made for Payment of any Part of it, as the Petitioners conceive; only Interest at 5 /. per Cent for Part thereof, which will soon determine: That the Petitioners, for Want of their Money, arc great Sufferers, and many of them reduced to great Extremity: And praying the House to make Provision for the Payment of their said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

The Lord Coningsby acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would please to issue his Royal Proclamation for the discovering and apprehending the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of a false, scandalous, and traitorous Libel, intituled, " An Inquiry into the Causes of the Miscar-M riages of the Scots Colony at Darien; or, An Answer Vo 1. 13.

I Answer to Address.

" to a Libel, intituled, A Defence of the Scots abdieating Darienand promising a Reward to such as shall discover or apprehend the Author, Printer, or Publisher thereof; his Majesty was pleased to say, That he w ould take care therein.

Air. Stratford\ according to Order, presented to the Hamborough House a Bill for the better encouraging and settling the Company. Trade of the llamborough Company: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next*

A Petition of Nathanael Hern Esquire, w as presented Dartmouth to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Election.

tioner w as duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clif ton Dartmouth Hard-nesse in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Joseph Herne, deceased; and was returned by an Indenture, signed by all the capital Burgesses, save One, and most of the rightful Freemen: But Rowland Holt Esquire hath procured himself to be returned by dnother Indenture, signed by One of the capital Burgesses only, and some others not duly qualified: Both which Indentures, with the Writ for an Election, the Sheriff of Devon hath returned into the Crown Office: And praying the Consideration of the House thereto.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of all the Magistrates, save One, all the Ditto. Common Council, and the greater Number of the free Burgesses, of the said Borough of Clifton-Dartmouth-Hardnesse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it hath been the ancient Usage of the said Corporation for the Magistrates, or first *12 Masters, or the greater Number of them, with the Mayor, to make Freemen; which, by Vote of this House in 1689, wfits declared to be the Right of the said Magistrates, or Masters: Yet one Joseph Bully, the last precedent Mayor, with one John Whit row, a Magistrate, on the 25 July last, on Pretence of a Mandanms out of the King's Bench Court, swore 13 Freemen of the said Borough, though protested against by all the rest of the Magistrates; by which means Whit row, in a few Days after, not only got himself to he elected Mayor, and other annual Officers of his Party chosen, but did not doubt to make himself, or whom he pleased, a Parliament-man for the said Borough, in the room of Sir Joseph Hern, then dead; since which Whitrow is also dead: And though the said Bully hath been served with several Mandamuses to swear one Caleb Rocket Mayor, and other Officers, who were duly elected; yet he refuseth so to do, on Pretence he was not personally served with the said Mandamus; nor indeed could he, because he absconded till after the Returns; by which Means he not only hopes to evade the due Course of the Law, but to keep the said Rocket, and other Officers, from their respective Offices: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredtth and Sir Barlow's Richard Holford: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Stansall, and certain Tenements, in the County of York, made by T/10.

Barlow Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the sames Uses; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold, for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

LI Ordered'

130 18° — 19

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Trorchard, in Custody of the Ser-discharged jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him* from Custody. from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Copper Mr. White, according to Order, presented to the

Coinage. House a Bill to restrain the coining any more Halfpence or Farthings: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

King's Bench Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom it and Fleet was referred, to state the Account of the Incumbrances

ns°nj>. Upon prisong of Xing's Bench and Fleet, That they

had stated the Incumbrances upon the Prison of the Kings Bench accordingly; which State he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

£. s. d.

19,227 16 5*

912 6 7}

To Charles Bodcille Earl of Rad- nor, principal Money - - - Jf

Interest thereof - *

In all - - *

To Thomas Sevcar, who hath obtained Three Judgments against Mr. f Lenthall, subsequent to the Incum- f brance of the Earl of Radnor, for 7 Ordered\ That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Martha Ordered, That Sir Richard Codes, Sir John Rogers,

Ship. Mr. Bertie, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Sh ackerly, Sir Edxv.

Hungerford, Mr. Lewis, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Freke, Mr. Blake, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ship Martha of Mar gam, to trade as a free Ship, is committed.

20,140 3 1 2*322 17 6

Baldwin's A Bill for the better enabling Anne Baldxcin Widow Estate. to make Sale of a capital Messuage, and Lands, called Wiltons, and other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised to her by her late Husbands Will, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Bill to apply all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Irish For- Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and feiiures. Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into

summoned. Westminster-hall, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House*

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, with the Mace;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they be empowered to receive a Clause for reserving a Proportion of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to the Disposal of his Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolution Resolved, That the advising, procuring, and passing respecting the Grants of the forfeited and other Estates in Ireland, Gnin"^ hath been the Occasion of contracting great Debts upon the Nation, and laying heavy Taxes on the People.

Resolved, That the advising and passing the said Grants is highly reflecting on the Kings Honour; and the Officers and Instruments concerned in the procuring and passing these Grants have highly failed in the Performance of their Trust and Duty.

0 Januarii. A. 1699.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 19° die Janutirii; ii° Gulielrni Tertii.

Prayers*

A PETITION of the Adventurers, Miners, and Avon Workmen in the Coal-mines, within his Majesty's Navigation, Manors of Stratton super Fosse, and Farrington Gurney,

Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners hold several Coal-mines within the said Manors, by Grants from the Crown, under great Fines, and annual Rents; have been at great Charges in opening the Mines, and making Engines for draining the Water; and daily employ Hundreds of poor People in the said Works, and carrying Coals, on Horses, about into the Country, whose sole Livelihood depends thereon: But the Bill depending in the House for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, if it should pass, will utterly destroy the said Mines, and undo the said poor People: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Ditto. Parish of Bradford, near Bath, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, will," if it should pass, greatly prejudice the Petitioners; and not be serviceable to the Publick, as is pretended: And praying, '

That they may be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of Sir Nathanael Curson Baronet, and John Cattle Kent Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Markets setting forth, That King Charles the lid, in the 15th Year of his Reign . grant unto John Harvy and John Coell 1 r c' Esquires, and their Heirs, Two Markets, to be holden on every Monday and Wednesday, in the Hay Market, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, for the buying and selling of Cattle and Sheep: That afterwards the late King James the lid did grant, That the said Markets might be held on Tuesday and Thursday weekly, for ever, in Great-Brookfeild, in the aforesaid Parish of St. Martins; the Freehold and Inheritance of which Markets is, for a valuable Consideration, vested in the Petitioners; wiio quietly enjoyed the same until the 13th of February last; when the City of I/mdon, suggesting, That King Edward the 11 Id, in the First Year of his Reign, by his Charter, granted to the said City, That no Market should from thenceforth be granted Infra septem Incas in circuitu civitatis preedict', brought a Scire facias to repeal the said Grants of King Charles, and King James

That the Suppression of the said Markets will not only be a Damage to the Petitioners, who have been at great Charges in building, paving, and making other Preparations for the same, but also a very great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants near the said Market: And praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordend\ That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine, the Matter of Fact; and state the same to the House:

And

ri W. III. ip0 Januarii.

131

And it is referred to Mr. Paget, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cook, Serjeant Wogan, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Pierpont, Mr. Phillips. Mr. 2?yre, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Osborne, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Pye, Mr. Campion,

Sir J0///2 Fleet, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. jP/'oiy, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Sam.Barnardiston, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Newport, Mr. Zb/o/, Doctor Davenant, and all the Members for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Aliens Sir Edward Hussey reported from the Committee, to Children, whom the Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was committed, That they had made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in atthe Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Framework- A Petition of the Framework-knitters, inhabiting knitters, within the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby, and other Counties adjacent, and within the Town and County of Nottingham, on the behalf of themselves, and other Members of their Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Framework-knitters are a Company incorporated; and the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, living at London, do make Bylaws and Orders, contrary to Law, and very unreasonable; which are very vexatious to the Petitioners, and the Traders in the Country, whom they sue at Law, if they will not comply with them: For Instance, they compel every Apprentice, when out of his Time, to go to London, though above 100 Miles from thence, to take out his Freedom; and many other Exactions are imposed on the Petitioners, to the great Decay of their Trade: And praying, That their Grievances may be redressed, and they relieved, touching the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and hear the Parties concerned; and report the Fact to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. Whitchcott, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Moor, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Carter, Mr. Duke, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Brother ton, Sir Tho. Cooke, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Perry, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Osborne, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mount-steven, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Proby, Mr. Blake, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. White, Mr. Hayes; and all that serve for the City of London, and Borough of Southwark; and Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

j^,f?ins Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

C501 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace.

fyp* A Bill to restrain the Coining of any more Halfpence and Farthings, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning nexU

Vit$. A Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants; and sending them whither by I aw they ought to be sent; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cook, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Voi.. 13.

Brothcrton, Sir John Fleet, Mr Smith, Mr. Proby. Mi*. Clayton, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Gwyn. Sir John Bolles, Mr. Mompesson. Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Bullock, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Mountstevm, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Thttrsby, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Ashurst. Doctor Davenant, Mr. Hamond, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Pagit, Mr. England: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

The Earl of Ranelaghs according to Order, presented Disbanding* to the House an Account of the DisbandingMiioney: money. And also,

An Establishment of his Majesty's Guards and Gari- Establish-sons, and other Charges relating the reunto, commencing ment of the 26th of March 1699, in the Eleventh Year of his <,u"rd8alH* Majesty's Reign. G#nson8'

And the Titles thereof were read.

The Account and Establishment are in Books, by themselves.

Ordered, That the said Account and Establishment do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

Ordered, That Sir Owen Bucldngham, Sir Robert Edon, Petition fr?m Mr. Lowther> Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Artillery Mr. Brotherton, Colonel Drake, Mr. Mountstexen, Mr. Train-Dyott, Colonel Perry, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Tho. Dilks, and others belonging to the Descent-Train of Artillery, commanded by Sir Martin Beclcman, is referred.

A Petition of Robert Betts, and others, in behalf of Bounty-themselves, and the rest of the registered Seamen, w*as mon«y. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, out of Zeal for his Majesty's Service, and in Dependence of the annual Bounty-money of 40 s. and other Privileges, by an Act made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, did register themselves; and to support their Families, obtained Credit thereon. But the Petitioners could never get any Part of the said Bounty-money, although that Debt hath yearly been inserted in the Estimate of the general Debt of the Navy, delivered in to this House: And the Commissioners of the Navy, and Registry, inform the Petitioners, That there is no Money come to their Hands for the Petitioners; and that no Money is appropriated out of the Funds for that Purpose: And praying. That their Case may be taken into Consideration; and that they be relieved for their Bounty-money.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; the Matter thereof being already before the Committee for the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital Sixpenny do lay before this House an Account of the Sixpence per Deduction Pound, out of Seamens Wages; and how the same hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Thurban have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Absence^ Health.

Ordered, That Mr. How have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Robinson have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Lord Lome and Colonel Buchan, Half-pay. and the Officers of their Two Regiments of Foot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Regiments served, during the late War, upon the English Establishment in Flanders; and, in February 169-5-, were disbanded, without the Officers being cleared, and paid what they served for, or any Provision made for their Subsistence, so that thepr are reduced to great Streights; and are the only Two Regiments in that 11 Condition:

k

i33 190 — -2°° JanuariL A. 1699.

Condition: And praying, That the Singularity of their Case may be considered; a;ul that they may be allowed the Benefit of Half-pay, as Subjects; or be cleared, as Foreigners; with a Consideration for the time they have neither had the Benefit of the one, or the other.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Matter of Half-pay be taken into Consideration.

OM East A Petition of the Governor and Company of MerA-Coiu" chants of London, trading into the East Indies, was pre-y' sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, of iong time, been incorporated; and have considerable Estates, and great Privileges, in India; and have been at great Expence in building and maintaining Forts and factories there i But, in 1693, an Advantage was taken of the Petitioners Non-payment of a rJ ax charged upon their whole Stock on the 25th of March; which was an Holiday, and the Exchequer not open; Vet this was insisted on as a Forfeiture of the Petitioners Charter; And* in 1693, his Majesty granted them a itew Charter, with all their former Privileges; And by another Charter, of the l ith of November 1693, pursuant to the Resolutions of the House of Commons, the Sum of 744,000l. was subscribed and paid, as an additional Stock for carrying on the Trade, by above 800 new Adventurers; who, by Losses at Sea and Taxes, have had no Benefit by their Subscriptions; In which last Charter is a Proviso) That the Company should submit to such Regulations as his Majesty should appoint by tha 29th of September then next: And by another Charter, of the 28th of September 1694, it was declared, That if it should be made appear to their Majesties, that the said Charters, granted to the said Company, were unprofitable to their Majesties, or the Realm; then, after Three Years Warning, the said Letters Patents were to cease; and the Company to be no longer a Corporation;

That, by a late Act for raising Tw o Millions upon a fund, for Payment of Annuities; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies; it is enacted, That all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, except the Bank of England\ who by themselves, or any in Trust for them, x should subscribe any Sum of Money, should receive pro-poitionable Annuities; and might trade yearly for so much as they subscribe, and pay to his Majesty; which Act does not determine the Petitioners Corporation; but permits them to trade for what they subscribe: That the Petitioners, at a General Court, the 3 July 1698, impowered Mr. John Du Bois, their Cashier, to subscribe 3 i 5,000 /.; which he did; and the same has been paid to his Majesty: But, the same Day the Subscription was made, the Petitioners were served with Notice, under his Majesty's Sign Manual, to dissolve their Corporation after Three Years: And, on the 27th of October following, the same Notice was served on them by Privy Seal: And the Petitioners prayed to be heard against passing the said Notice; and "desired to enter Caveats at the proper Offices; but they were not admitted; and doubt not, if they could have been heard, to have made it appear, That their being a Corporation is, and has been, profitable to his Majesty, and this Realm:

That the said new Subscription, of 315,000l. is the Property of above 1,200 Families; who therefore cannot manage that Trade, whereunto they are intjtled, but in a Corporation; nor can the Petitioners, unless they are so continued, compel their Factors or Agents to render them any Account, or make them Returns of their Estate; which will not only ruin the Petitioners in their Fortunes, but disable them to pay their Debts: And praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration; and that, for the Preservation of their Estates, the Payment of their Debts, and the Management of their said Subscription, they may be continued a Corporation, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the old East India Company a Corporation: And that Sir John Fleets Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bridges, and Mr. Moor, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate of Monday last, touching the Reading the Address of the Lords and Commons, relating to the Act of Parliament, passed in Scotland, lor erecting a Company trading to Af rica, and the Indies, be further adjourned unto Thursday Morning next.

iiesoh'cd, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning State of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ffrade* to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Resolved That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply-, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty. '

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Letter of Mr, prjviieco — Crispe, lying before the Committee, to whom the Pe- Letters tition of the Commissioners for preventing the Expor- reflecting on tation of Wool . be referred to the Committee of ,louse* Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That all Committees are revived. Committees,

And then the House , adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 20° die Januarii; li* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Bill to erect and establish a Westminster Court of Conscience, within the City of Westminster, Snjall and Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon IVed-nesday next, at Twelve a Clock, in a full House; and nothing to intervene.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Shore- ltyellarbot ham, in the County of Sussed', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Rye Harbour is the only Harbour the English have upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, where many Ships have been saved; and is very much decayed by the Inning of Land, and making Flood-gates and Walls cross the same; to the Prejudice of Trade and Navigation: And praying, That some Care may be taken for restoring the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, AvonNiv Gentlemcn, Landholders, and* Farmers, at the General viguiion. Quarter Sessions for the County of Somerset, held at the City of fVells, on the 9th Day of January, in the 11th Year of his Majesty's Reign, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon navigable from Bristoll to Bath, will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Sir Charles Hedges, according to Order, presented to Suppresi the House a Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy. Piracies: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill

11W. III. 20° Januarii. 133

llamborough A Bill for the better encouraging and settling the

Company. Trade of the Hamborough Company was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and others the most considerable Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in and about the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners observing by the Votes of this House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, they were exceedingly surprised, having never heard of any Petition from Exon for that Purpose; which was obtained in a clandestine Manner, they who got it well knowing the now Petitioners would have opposed it, as they have often done; for that Experience shews, that the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures best flourisheth with Freedom; which occasions many Buyers a current Price, and speedy Payment for them; and this hath induced the House to discourage all Monopolies, as being against Law, and destructive to the Rights and Liberties of the Subject: And praying, That their Trade may remain free, and unrestrained, from the private Interest of the Hamborough Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and others the most considerable Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Town of Ottery St. Mary, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners find by Experience, that, since the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures hath been encouraged with a general Freedom, it hath much more enlarged itself, than when confined to tl*e narrow Limits of the Hamborough Company; which Freedom hath advanced the Markets here, by the Number of Buyers, and a current Price: And praying, That the Bill in the House for the better Encouraging and Settling

the Trade of the Hamborough Company.....; but

that that Trade may remain unrestrained, as it now is.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Dm, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and others the most considerable Traders in the W;oollen Manufactures, in and about the Town and Parish of Ashburton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, there being a Bill in the House for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners shew, that Experience demonstrates, that the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures, now unconfined, doth best diffuse itself through all the Markets of Europe, the many Buyers causing a current Price, and speedy Payment for them; which hath enabled the Petitioners not only to support their own Families, but to keep many poor People at Work: And praying, That the said Trade may remain freed from obliging the private Interest of the Hamborough Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table uiitil the said Bill be read a Second time.

Di;io. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Borough of Barnstable in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Leave being given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners cannot omit representing the many Obstructions that must consequently attend the Woollen Manufacture Trade, if the Bill should pass, and the Injury that will thereby happen to the Poor, for Want of Employment: And that, as nothing can better demonstrate the Increase of that Trade, than a general Liberty of Exportation; so nothing can be

Vo 1. 13.

more pernicious to its Growth, than the Confinement of it to a particular Company: And praying the Continuance of a free Trade, in Opposition to all Monopolies whatsoever.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, fjambouorgh and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Great CoraPany* Torrington, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are sensible, that the Trade in the Woollen Manufacture is best promoted and encouraged by a free Trade; but finding, by the Votes of this House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners conceive, the Confinement of Trade will be very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacture in general; and stop that Currency of Money, which a free Trade hath hitherto occasioned: And praying the Continuance of a free Trade, it being for the publick Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Ditto. Fullers, and others the most considerable Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in and about the Town and Parish of Crediton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that this House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company: But the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, when attended with Freedom, and general Liberty, doth chearfully diffuse itself through the Markets of Europe; whereby the many Buyers have occasioned a current Price, and speedy Payment, as has enabled the Petitioners to employ many poor People: And praying, That the said Trade may remain free from the private Interest of the Hamborough Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Barlow's tituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of EsUte* Stansall, and certain Tenements in the County of York, made by Thomas Barlow Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold, for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Sale of several Western Lacy's Manors and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire, Estate, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Carter, according to Order, presented to the Kings Bench House a Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the Pnson* King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Grosvenor attending in his Place; Privilege of

The Petition of William Monson Esquire, and others, Member in relating to him, was read; setting forth, That the said a ‘ U1 ‘

Sir Tho. Grosvenor, by Indenture, dat. 31 Jan. 1602, demised to Phineas Bowles and John Blunt all that Part, which was then unset, of the Lead Mine, called the Old Rake, on Halken Mountaine, in the County of Flint: And, in 1694, the Petitioners purchased the said Lease with the Privity of Sir Tho. Grosvenor; and have expeuded above 1,000l. in performing the Conditions of the Lease: Yet several Persons, pretending to be empowered by Sir Tho. have entered upon the demised Premises, and dug, and carried away, to their own Use, Ore, to a very great Mm Value;

Supply.

Half-pay.

Thetford

Election.

134 ' 20° — 22°Januarii. 16^9.

Value; and still continue so to do; and maintain their Possession by Force; of which Riot they were convicted the last great Session for the County of Flint: That the Petitioners have exhibited a Bill in Chancery against Sir Thomas Grosmior, and the rest; and Sir Tho. insisted upon his Privilege of Parliament, for himself, and all the Defendants; though some pretended to have Grants, and others are not otherwise his Servants, than as they are Miners and Labourers on the Mountain; saying, This House could not oblige him to wave the same without his Consent; which, the Petitioners conceive, he has since given, by appearing in the Court of Chancery, and consenting to answer: But, those Answers being referred to a Master in Chancery, as insufficient, Sir Thomas again insisted on Privilege; and said, He would do so until this House should give him Leave to wave the same; which unless done, will be a great Oppression, and Ruin to some of the Petitioners: And praying, That Sir Thomas Grosvenor may wave his Privilege in the said Cause, that so the Petitioners may be at Liberty to recover their just Rights.

And Sir Thomas Grosvenor was heard in his Place thereupon: And lie made a Complaint to the House of a Breach of Privilege committed against him by Arthur Barker, Joseph Cruchly, John Tho. Evans, Francis Snat, Tho. Lloyd, Mr. Sam. Davis, Mr. Hornsby, and others, for entering upon his Possession, and taking away his Lead Ore from off his Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and Complaint, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do hear the Parties concerned; and examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That a particular Committee may be appointed to inspect the Papers relating to the Half-pay.

Ordered, That a particular Committee be appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Sir John Mordent, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Romney, Mr. Shane, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Hamond, Sir Theo. Oglethorp, Sir John Bolles, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Vernon, Lord P owlet, Mr. Mounsteven, Mr. Osborne, Sir Tho. Wagstaff\ Doctor Davenant, Mr. Dormer, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Erie, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bullock, Earl of Dysert, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Blathwaite, Earl of Ranelagh, Colonel Webb: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he w as directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Thetford in die County of Norfolk; and also

the Report touching the Committee Room; be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 22° die Januarii; ii* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to naturalize Francis Vandertijd:

And the same wfas received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tiipe.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Totnesse, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Leave being given by this House for bringing in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners are informed by the chief Traders in the Woollen Manufactures about Totnesse, That they have received great Encouragement in their Trade since the former Restraint hath been taken off, and a free Trade allowed: And although it be offered by the said Bill, that any Englishmen may come into the said Company; yet the Petitioners are sensible it must be attended with many Inconveniencies and Obstructions to that Trade in general: And praying, That the Woollen Manufacture Trade may remain free and unrestrained.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Traders, Shipmasters, Shipwrights, and Mariners, of the Town and Parish of Topsham, on behalf of themselves, and other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, during the late ... the Petitioners lost above a Hundred Sail of Ships; and since the Peace was concluded, and the free Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, have had several Ships employed in carrying great Quantities thereof to Hamborough: But, the Petitioners finding, by the printed Votes, that this House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, upon a Petition from the City of Exeter;, they believe the Petition was clandestinely obtained, they never hearing thereof, though frequently at Exon: And for that they conceive the said Bill will destroy their Navigation to Germany, they pray, That the Freedom of Trade in the Woollen Manufactures may be continued, as now established by Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table' until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, several other Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others concerned in and for the Woollen Manufactory in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Foreigners, having of late Years been permitted to export our Woollen Manufactures beyond Sea, upon equal Terms with English Merchants, have gotten most of that Trade into their own Hands; whereby they have gained Opportunities of causing our Manufactures to be debased, and exported almost unmanufactured; of governing our Markets; and making long Payments; and imposing other Hardships and Hazards upon the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, That Provision may be made for encouraging his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to export our Woollen Manufactures to Germany, and keeping that Trade from falling into the Hands of Foreigners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hambwmgh Company be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Degrave and Francis Minshall, in behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of the Ships taken up by the Transport Commissioners to carry Provisions to Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and , read;

Vandertijt

Nut.

Hamboroi

Company,

Ditto.

Ditto.

Tran*

Debt

ii W. III. 22° Januarii.

135

read; setting forth, That, upon the Refusal of other Mer- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

chants, the Petitioners, in July 1697, contracted with the with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Said Commissioners to perform the said Service; which they completely performed, as may appear by their settled A Petition of the Clothiers of the Army was presented Army Accounts; but they cannot get any other Satisfaction for to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are Arreurs* the same from the said Commissioners, or the Lords of the Arrears due to them for 98, for which no Provision is yet Treasury, than that they tell the Petitioners, there is no made; and the Petitioners have lately engaged their Money appropriated to pay them: And praying the Stocks and Credits in cloathing the present Land Forces, Consideration of the House, so as they may be paid for not doubting but Provision had been made by the late the said Service. Act for Payment of the Off-reckonings for the Year

Ordered, That it be referred to such of the late Com- 1699; but they are informed there is none made: And missioners for Transportation as are Members of the praying, That they may be relieved for their said Arrears;

House, to examine, and state to the House, how the and such Provision made for the Year 1700 as the House Matter relating to the Petitioners stands; and the* Reason shall think meet.

why the Petitioners are not satisfied. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who Disclosing A Petition of several of the trading Inhabitants of the are to consider further of the Supply to‘be granted to his Conveyances West Riding of the County of York, on behalf of them- Majesty. taT 4c se^ves> anc^ the rest of the Traders and Inhabitants, was

c* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That The Earl of D'isert reported from the Committee, to May's the Petitioners being great Dealers, especially in the whom the Bill to enable Thomas May Gentleman to sell Ksute. Cloathing Trade, have frequent occasions to borrow Lands in the County of Suffolk, which were settled upon Money; and though they offer good Security, yet they his First and Second Marriage; and to convey other find it difficult to satisfy the Lender; whereby the Peti- Lands, of a greater Value, in the same County, to the tioners are often disappointed of Money; which they same Uses; was committed; That they had examined conceive would be remedied, if some way were estab- the several Deeds and Settlements mentioned in the Bill: lished, that future Conveyances, Incumbrances, and And that the several Persons concerned had given their

Securities, might be found out, or made publick: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Blackwell- A Petition of the Owners of the Blackwell-hall Sloop, yi Sloop, commanded by Captain John Edvards, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Decay of Trade by the Exportation of Wool; and the Omission of arming our f rigates and Sloops, to prevent the same, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament; did, by a voluntary Consent, purchase, and fit out, the said Sloop and Captain; who, proving very faithful and serviceable therein, was received into his Majesty's Pay; and further manned and victualled for the Service the Sloop was purchased for; but, to the great Surprize of the Petitioners, her Men are reduced; and she is ordered to be a Tender to a I Flag; to the great Disappointment of the said Captain,

I and the Petitioners: And praying the House togive such

1 Orders therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That it be referred to such of the Lords

I Commissioners of the Admiralty as are Members of this

I House, to examine, and report to the House, how the

I Petitioners Case stands.

I hst of She- A Bill for the greater Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution IA of their Offices, and passing their Accounts, was read

I the First time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

IA Member Ordered, That Mr. Darrell, in Custody of the Ser-

I kbirged jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself 1 tan U- jrom kjs gervice in Parliament, be discharged out of I ' Custody, paying his Fees.

I Half pay. A Petition of Captain William Davison was presented

I to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner

I bad, the last Session, Three times, the Votes of this

I House in his Favour, as being an Englishmen, though a

I Captain in a Scotch Regiment; but by a subsequent Vote,

I the Scotch being excluded the Benefit of Half-pay, the

I Petitioner could not get his Name into the List; whereby I he is not only deprived of a present Subsistence, but also I of future Preferment, because no Officer is to be taken

I into Service again, but such as are in the said List: And

I praying. That he may be admitted to enjoy his Part of

I that Bounty, which the House so graciously designed for

I the Subjects of England, who served in the late War,

I Vol. 13.

Consents to the same: And that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Colonel Samuel Vernier, late Governor of Sick and his Majesty's Hospital for sick and wounded Men in Ire- in

land, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That there is due to the Petitioner for the said Service,

1,099/. 2$. 5\d.; whereof 487/. 2$. 6d. was advanced, and laid out, by the Petitioner, for the necessary Subsistence of the said Hospital; for wffiich he hath the Earl of Athlone's Warrant, dated 27 November 1691, who w as then Commander in Chief; and the Remainder is due for his Salary; as may appear by his Accounts, stated by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland; and by a Report of August 1695, made by Charles Fox Esquire, upon a Reference to him from the Treasury: For the obtaining of which Monies, the Petitioner hath made all due Application; but can have no Relief: And praying, That Provision may be made for Payment of the said Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Arrears due to the Irish Army be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of William Puryour, Glazier, was presented King's to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Beucl1 ^4 tioner did, the last Session of Parliament, petition this Fleet Prisons< House to be relieved against Mr. Ford, the now Warden of the Fleet, for letting Thomas Yong, in Execution at the Petitioner's Suit, for above 80 /. have his Liberty; but the Petitioner hath obtained no Satisfaction therein, though he hath been at great Charges in prosecuting one Fox, a former Warden, for the said Escape: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, he being otherwise remediless.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed in relation to the Abuses of the Kings Bench and Fleet Prisons: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Hone-lace, of the Clothiers of Salisbury is referred, do sit de die in diem: And that Mr. Bei'tie, and all the Members that

serve

Lacy's Estate.

Kings Bench Prison.

Copper Coinage.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Thetford

Election.

13 6 220 Januarii. 1699,

serve for the County of Salop, and North Wales, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of several Western Manors and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to he settled to the same Uses; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to restrain the Coining any more Halfpence and Farthings be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 300,000 /. be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garisons, for the Year 1700.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Half-pay be allow ed, for the Year 1700, to the disbanded Officers, not otherwise provided for, according to the Vote of the 29th of April 1^99.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty-five thousand Pounds be allowed for the Office of the Ordnance, for the Year 1700.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir Rowland Gxvyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, specially, touching the Election for the Borough of Thetford in the County of Norfolk; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Edmund Soame Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of James Sloane Esquire to serve for the said Borough:

The said Committee, before they came to any Resolution upon the Merits of the Election, directed the following Fact to be reported for the Judgment of the House:

That the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That several Persons ought to be added to the Petitioner's Poll, who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and w>ere refused by llie Mayor; viz. Edward Freeman, and others:

That the Fact appeared to be thus: The Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Ten capital Burgesses, and 20 Common Councilmen:

That Edward Freeman was removed from his being a Common Councilman, because he had not signed the Association within the time prescribed by the Act; and another was sworn into his Place. Freeman himself, being examined, said, That he signed the voluntary Association; and had also signed the Association, according to the Act; but could not say whether it was before or after the Election: That he never refused to sign the Association: And, if he did not sign it in time, it was because no Session was held, at which he could regularly do it; and that he was out of Town, when it was done by the others: And that the Petitioner's Counsel further insisted, That,

if the said Freeman had not subscribed the Association in time, those who voted for the hitting Member wire. guilty of the same Fault:

That thereupon the Sitting Member's Counsel, by way of Answer to the said Objection, and to justify the Sitting Member's Voters, produced the Sessions Roll, whereon the Corporation had signed; which is introduced in these Words;

" Borough of Thetford: At a general Quarter Scssions of the Peace, holden for the Borough aforesaid,

" at the Guild-hall of the said Borough, upon Monday " the 22d Day of June, in the 8th Year of the Reign " of King William the II Id, and in the Year of our " Lord 1696, and so continued, by several Adjourn-u meats, until the 3d Day of August then next follow-"ing; the Association underwritten was subscribed to,

" by the several Persons as underwritten, according to an Act of Parliament, made in the 7th and 8th Years of " the feeign of the present King William, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's lloyal " Person and Government:"

That the Sitting Member's Counsel offered to prove by Witnesses, That the said Persons had subscribed the Association in time, according to the said Act of Parliament: But, that Sort of Evidence being objected to, the Committee ordered the special Matter of Fact to be reported to the House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, together with the Matter of the said Report, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report relating to the Committee a Report dc-Room be made Tomorrow Morning. /eried.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a State of Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State 'rrude-and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That the Commissioners of the Customs may lay before this House an Account of what Quantity of Silver hath been exported since Michaelmas 1697; and by whom; and to what Place.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of what Quantity of Silver hath been exported since Michaelmas 1697; and by whom; and to w hat Place.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, That the Commissioners of the Customs may lay before this House an Account, what the Duties of the Woollen Manufactures exported in the Year 1698, do amount to.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account, what the Duties of the Woollen Manufacture exported in the Year 1698, do amount to.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move the House,

That the Commissioners of the Customs may lay before this House an Account of all the Italian Manufactures that have been imported and exported in the Years 1698, and 1699.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay the said Account before this House.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the said Committee to move the House,

That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging

11 W. III. 12 — 23°

encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom; and nothing to intervene.

tommittees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martisy 23° die Januarii;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

King's TV/TR. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom Mi and {VI it was referred to state the Incumbrances upon the HeetPrisoDs. prjsons of the J(jrlg's Bench and Fleet, That they had stated the Incumbrances upon the Fleet accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Januarii. 137

2dly, That such Measure brings a Prejudice upon all the Labourers and Manufacturers of England.

3dlv, That small Measures, by which Beer and Ale is sold, hinders the Consumption of Malt; which is hurtful to the Landed Interest: And hinders the Consumption of Drink; which is prejudicial to the King's Revenues.

For which Reasons the Committee think it fit, That there should be a sealed Measure for Beer and Ale throughout the Kingdom; And that a Bill be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the ascertaining the Measures of Beer and Ale, according to sealed Measures, to be kept in every Town: And thatMr.

Pierpoint and Mr. Scobell do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Mannaton, in Custody of the Ser- a Membei jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself discharged from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees* us o y.

To Thomas Holmden and Richard^ Short, who married the Two only Daugh-f ters and Administratrixes of Antony? Smith, deceased; principal Money -3 Interest thereof from the December 1683, to the 14th cember last -

)ney - j

15th of]

1 of De-

d.

425 11 3

408

Principal and Interest

£.833 11 3

To John Clements; by Mortgage from the 3d of May 1678; in Trust for several; viz.

For Five Sisters of Sir Edward Low, deceased; principal Money

Of which Mr. Tilly paid -

Principal remaining -

Interest of the said Remainder, from the First of July 1694, to the said 14th of December -

Total

] 1,342 0 0

250 0 0

i,592 0 0

> 520 18 1

£ 2,112 18 ii

But the said Five Sisters now claim Interest of the said 1,842/. principal Money, from the said Third of May 1678,40 the said First of July 1694, amounting to about 2,000l.; because the Principal was not paid, pursuant to Agreement, as mentioned in a former Report made to the House, stated to the 14th of December last.

£. s. d.

For Dorothy Baxter, her Executors, -Administrators, and Assigns; princi- pal Money -

Interest thereof to the 14th December last....

250 0 325 4

o

2

Total - - - - £ 575 4 2

To the said John Clements, upon the* \ 207

said Mortgage; principal Money - 0 0

Interest thereof, as aforesaid 281 8 8

Total - - - - £488 8 8

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until a Bill be brought in touching the said Prison.

B«r and Ale Mr. Pierpoint reported from the Committee, to w hom Measure. jt was referred to consider, whether it be fit a Bill be brought in for the ascertaining the Measures of Beer and Ale, according to sealed Measures, to be kept in every Town, That,

1st, It appears to the Committee, That Incertainty, now at present, through the Kingdom, in all Measures, is of evil Consequence.

Vol. 13.

A Petition of William Warner Gentleman, w'as presented Deal Water-to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town works, of Deal hath always been in want of wholesome Water to their own, and his Majesty's, and all other Ships that come to the Downes: And the Petitioner having found out a Method, which has already cost him several Hundred Pounds, and will do more, and which, the Inhabitants are satisfied, will effectually supply their Occasions; and is also encouraged by the Archbishop of Canterbury, who is chief Lord of the Soil; the Petitioner prays, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the bringing fresh Water to the said Town of Deal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Capital Bur- Petition from gesses, and others, Inhabitants of the Borough and Town Weymouth, of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Doi'set, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That #

..... That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to such of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, who are Members of the House: And that they do report to the House how the Petitioners Case stands.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better enabling Anne Baldwins Baldwin Widow', to make Sale of a Capital Messuage Estate, and Lands called Wiltons, and other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised by her late Husband's Will, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Captain Thomas Morgan, was presented Half-pay. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath served the Crown of England 18 Years, 12 of which as an Officer; and, after the Battle of Larnlen, was made a Captain in the Lord Charlemont's Regiment; and ift June 1697, at Wate?'fo7'd in Ireland, a Quarrel happening between the Petitioner and Cornet Ncsbit, w herein both were run through the Body, and, recovering* were very good Friends afterwards; but the Matter being misrepresented to the Earl of Gallxcay, he declared he would break the Petitioner; and directed a Court Martial; but afterwards ordered it to desist; and in few Days after, by the Allegations of the said Earl, the Petitioner w as superseded by a Commission from England, without being ever heard; and Captain Harris, who was in the Conspiracy against his- Majesty, had the Commission, and the Half-pay, though the Regiment was broke before he could join it: And praying, That the Petitioner may be admitted into the List of Half-pay after so many Years Service, his Family being in a starving Condition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Nn A Bill

i38

250 yanuarii

King's Bench Prison.

A Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until tire Arrears due to the Army be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of several Engineers, who are now broke, and Army not otherwise provided for, was presented to the House, Arrears, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have served the Government all the late War, and contracted several Debts in the Performance of their Duty, for which their Creditors threaten to imprison them; and, though the ' Lord Ranelagh has laid before this House an Account of the Arrears of the Army, the Petitioners do not find their Debt particularized therein, which amounts to 5,268 /.

1 7 s. as appears by the Account annexed to the Petition:

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, within the Counties oiCamimdge and Huntingdon, in behalf of themselves, and others, within the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners in their Dealings contract great Debts, for Recovery whereof they often bring Actions; and, after expensive Suits and Executions, their Debtors convey away their Effects, remove themselves to the Fleet or Kings Bench Prisons, and, by Practices with the Fj'hat the Petitioners are most Foreigners, though nature Keepers thereof, immediately return into the Country jized; and quitted their Estates and Country, on Account again, and live in Defiance of their Creditors; by whose of their Religion; and have nothing to subsist on but the Examples others are encouraged to spend their Creditors Credit of their Pay: And praying, That their Circum-Money, and make a Jest of the fruitless Expence at Law stances may be taken into Consideration; whereby the for Recovery thereof, to the great Inconveniency and Petitioners may be as well provided for, as other Officere Damage to Trade in general: And praying the House of- of the Army.

fectally to prosecute theyonsderatiora;tejr h»,e already ^,at Mid petition do lie on TttMe

began relauot lo the Ataresof the said Prisons. ,he Arrea, due A Con.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the fable s|deration until the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said

f.-omii

E

u fa

Ooze

Navigation.

A Petition of Edward Hobson, late Mayor of the Privilege-Town and Borough of Navark, in the County of -tingham, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend- Discharge.

Hopwood's

Marriage

Settlement.

Prison; be read a Second time.

Mr. Jenkins, according to Order, presented to the.

House a Bill for cleansing, and making and keeping this House, was presented to the House, and read; more navigable, the River Ouze: And the same was setting forth, That he is highly sensible of his having received. incurred the Displeasure of this House; and that he is a

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Thursday Poor. and hath a great Charge of Children: And Morning next praying, That his Circumstances may be considered; and

that he may be discharged from his Confinement

Ordered, That the said Edward Hobson be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

.'ante

i&jitsl

id.

unites.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of Salop and Hercjord be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Tho, Hopwood Gentleman on Elis, his Wife, is committed.

Defective

Titles.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common Council, of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, on the behalf of several Thousands A Petition of Sir Solomon Swale Baronet, was presented free Burghers, and other poor Inhabitants of the said to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, Town, was presented to the House:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table.;

The House divided.

Exporting Corn, &c.

and his Ancestors, for above 400 Years, have been seised, in Fee, of the Manor of (Vest Grinton, and certain Lead Mines in the Wastes thereto belonging, in the County of York-, and they quietly enjoyed the same till 1696; when Mr. Reginald Harriot, by Petition in the Name of George

Tussingham to the Lords of the Treasury, suggesting that the said Mines belonged to the Crown, and were concealed, obtained a Lease thereof; and, by several undue Practices, bath ousted the Petitioner of his Possession: That the Petitioner bath lately proceeded at Law to

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Petition was brought up to the Table accord

fMr. Lowt

[Mr. Molin

CSir Cha. Turner, s'£Mr. Hoblyn:

110.

101.

oml

Ann y Arrears.

recover the said Mines; but is informed, the Bill depend- fogly, and read; setting forth, That the Miseries the Poor ing in the House for the general Quiet of the Subject of the said Town, who are very numerous, anderwent, against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, were chiefly occasioned by the Dearness of Bread and Beer Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles, will Corn; but the Petitioners are very sensible, that the Act prejudice the Petitioner s said Prosecution: And praying, for prohibiting the Exportation of Cora, Malty Meal, That he may be heard by his Counsel, before the said &c. from the 10th of February 1698, which is near expiring, was a great Relief to their Poor; and fear, if the same should not be continued, their former Miseries will return upon them, by the Exportation of Com by Men greedy of their own private Gain: And praying, That the said Act may be continued for some time longer, as the House shall think fit.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to

Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Commanders, and other Officers of the several Scots Regiments, employed during the late bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Pe-

Wars, upon the English Establishment, was presented to the House, and read;. setting forth, That there is an Arrear of Pay due to them for Seven Years, besides Subsistence, and other Contingents; and Germans, Hanes, &c. having been cleared off, when sent home; the Petitioners, who have served with as much Zeal, hope they shall meet with the like justice, that they may be able to pay their Debts, which they have contracted for want of what is due to them: And praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

tition, for prolonging the Time for the prohibiting the Exportation of Coru, Malt, Meal, &c.

The House divided.

'fat

The Yeas go forth.

rp .1 r . 1 '€? f Mr. J ion.

Tellers for the Yeas, M mUs

Tellers for the Noes| i

So the Voices were equal:

Whereupon Mr. Speaker declared for the Yeas.

Whereupon

} *45-J 145.

9-

Me

11 W. III.

4 30 — 240

139

id

?, Anon

d

d

r

5 1

Whereupon it was Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, for prolonging the Time for the prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, &c.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook and Sir Isaac Rcbmv do prepare; and bring in, die Bill.

Committee of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

l'mileges. vileges and Elections, touching die Committee Room, be made Tomorrow Morning.

rest arc great Sufferers thereby: And praying, That they may be relieved for the Money clue to them for the said Service.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further' of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty,

Supply Bill; Irish Forfeitures*

rxlijf-Pei^ lulls ft X'

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in

Ireland \and all Grants thereof ;and of the Rents' and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom; since the Thirteenth Day of February 1688; to the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed liirn to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Davyes, late Adjutant to the Half-pay. Regiment of Horse commanded by Brigadier Windham; and of William Buckingham, late Adjutant to the Regiment of Horse commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Macclesfeild; and of Farranse Mahunlate Ad-

jutant to the Regiment commanded by the Right Honourable the Lord Windsor; and of Daniel Crispin, late Adjutant to the Regiment commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Arran; and of John Topham, late Adjutant to the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by the Right Honourable the Lord and of John

Oliver, late Adjutant to the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Essex', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were disbanded the last Day of July, though Commission Officers; and Quarter-masters, though but Warrant Officers, are still continued; and Adjutants to the Guards, and Two Regiments of Horse: That the Petitioners Pay was but 5 s.a Day, and each constrained to keep a Servant, and Two Horses; and, being in con-

Committees not to sit till revived.

tinual Expectation of Preferment, have contracted Debts, Declared, That it be the standing Order of the House, a,?<j reduced themselves so low, that they have not wftere-

That, when all Committees are adjourned at the Rising of the House, no Committee ought to sit until after they shall be revived again.

rt:J»

4c.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 24° die Januarii-, ii* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray kbs.

TpRancis Vandertijd and A Vandermersh took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Dartmouth

Flection.

withal to subsist themselves and Families: And praying,

That they may be admitted into Half-pay in the room of such Officers as are deceased, or provided for, since the Reducement

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table with the other Petitions relating to the Half-pay.

Mr. Thursby, according to Order, presented to the Judicature House-a Bill for erecting a Court of Judicature to relieve {or Ke,iet of poor Officers and Soldiers, touching their Pay detained 4111,1

from them, and other Injuries complained of: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of Peregrine Bertie Esquire, was presented Defective to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Titles. Grandfather Sir Peregrine, in the Twelfth Year of the

A Petition of Rowland Holt Esquire, was presented to Reign of King Charles the First, did purchase from the

the House, and read; setting forth, That he was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Joseph Hem, deceased; and was returned as such to the Sheriff of Devon,

Crown several Salt Marshes, and derelict Lands, in the Counties of Lincoln and Cambridge, for 7,400l. really paid into the Exchequer; Part of which isenjoyed by the Petitioner, and the Residue is still in Question by the Petitioner; whose Right thereto may, as advised, be preju-

by the old indisputable Freemen, the Mayor dying the diced by the Bill in the House for tie general Quiet of

Transport

Debt.

Day before the Election; but Nathanael Hern Esquire hath also procured himself to be returned to the Sheriff by another Indenture, signed by some of the Electors; though the Petitioner had the Majority, yet the said Sheriff hath returned both the Indentures to the Crown Office: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Lyndall and others, in the Name of themselves, and several others, Masters and Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1693, the Petitioners contracted with the Transport Commissioners; and were to be paid for their Service within a Month after their Discharge, or to have Interest till paid off; and according.. the Petitioners were employed; and there remains due to them very considerable Sums, for want whereof many have been ruined, and the Vox,. 13.

the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles: And praying to be heard what he hath to offer for saving his Right to the said purchased Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; And that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee, thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit de die in diem.

Eduard Hobson, late May or of Nacark, was, accord- a Person ing to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his reprimanded Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. a"d

Ordered, That the said Eduard Hobson be discharged c arfi' out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Bill for the better enabling Anne Baldxvyn Widow to Baldwin's make Sale of a capital Messuage and Lands called Wil- Estate. tons, and other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised by her late Husband's Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Copper

Coinage.

Lark

Navigation.

Privilege — a Person petitions for Discharge.

Half-pay.

140

24° Januarii.

A. 1699.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Lord Sir Tko. IVagstaffe, Sir Richard Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thursby, Sir Abstr. Mr. Price, Mr.

Dyott, Mr. 7 'homhagh, Mr . MountSir

Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Archdale, Mr. White, Mr.

Proby, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Moun-tague, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Osborne, Mr.

Orme, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Slonehouse, Mr. Carter: And they are to meet'this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill to restrain the Coining any more Halfpence or Farthings, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. White, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Hamond, Mr. England, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Proby, Mr. Cholmly, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Carter, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Yates, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Clark: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to discharge the Patentees from the Obligation they are under to change White Farthings and Halfpence, whilst they are prohibited coining Halfpence and Farthings.

Ordered, That the Patentees do lay before the Committee their Patent: And that they do give an Account to the Committee, how far they have complied with their Obligation of changing the White Farthings and Halfpence; and reportthesarhetotheHou.se: And they are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitchcot have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence, casions.

Ordered, That Mr. Desbovery have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the General Officers, his Majesty's na- Half-pay. tural-born Subjects, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have all served abroad to the End of the War, and are neither paid off, nor put upon the List of Halt-pay, as the rest of the disbanded Officers are; and all the General Officers of Scotland are provided for; and several established in Ireland, though for the most part younger in Rank:

And praying, That their particular Case may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Hudson Esquire, late Comptroller Ditto, of his Majesty's Field and Town Hospitals in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That every Year, during the War, he had several Thousands of Sick and Wounded under his Care, of which Trust he faithfully acquitted himself; in Consideration whereof, his Majesty last year ordered him to be inserted in the List of Officers then out of Employ, w'ho were to have Half-pay: And praying, in regard his Health, and, more, his small Fortune, is'impaired in his said Service, he may be added to the List of Officers that have Halfpay, until otherwise provided for.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

L®

Mr. Haney, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for making the River Lark alias Burn navigable: And the same was received.

Resolved That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Simon Harcourt, of Lincolns Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege, of this House, for assaulting, and otherwise affronting, Sir John Phillips, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; whereby he acknowleged his being sensible of the great Indignity and Affront offered by him: And praying to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Harcourt be brought to the Bar, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of William Ber, Captain in Brigadier Langstons former Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon incorporating the said Regiment into other Regiments of Horse in Flanders, in 1692, the Officers were ordered to do Duty with the other Officers of Horse, and receive like Subsistence to the 23 of February 1697; That this House, the last Session, only providing for those Officers that were actually in Commission, and disbanded since the Conclusion of the Peace; the Petitioner is thereby not only wholly unprovided for, but rendered unqualified for Preferment till all the other Captains of Horse in Half-pay are provided for; though he was continually in Service to the Conclusion of the Peace; was the First Captain in the said Regiment when it was incorporated, having had his Commission from his Majesty when at Exeter, at the time that Regiment marched first into his Service; and for that the Petitioner is the only Officer of the said Regiment unprovided for: And praying the House to put him on the same Foot with those English Officers, with whom he served during the Course of the whole War.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Ordered, That the Earl of Orrery have Leave to go Leave of into Ireland, for Three Months, his Lady being very ill. Al<seuce-

Mr. Cook, according to Order, presented to the House Old Eat a Bjll for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight, after Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Sale of several Western Lacy'a Manors and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lady Esquire, Estate, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Purchase of Demesne-lands, to be settled to the same Uses; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Barlow's tituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor Estate, of Stansall, and certain Tenements, in the County of York, made by Thomas Barlow, Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold, for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better relieving and cm- Employing ploying the Poor of this Kingdom, be read a Second time the 1>oor-To-morrow Morning; and nothing to intervene. 4

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Tomorrow Justices of Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Peace Qua- House, to consider of the Bill for qualifying Justices of llficuUon* ,3 the Peace; and nothing to intervene. -

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a Westminster Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, Small Debt*, and Liberties thereof, be read Tomorrow Sevennight, in a full House.

Sir

}tO Lmt^o/ >C-

lto

c-

! Hdffr id d F,

e

if

1

Ditto,

rE<

ii»U»

iv.

11 W. III. 240 — 25° Januarii. 141

Privilege — Sir Rowland Gzcyn, according to Order, reported, Letter from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the SSTw!" Matter> as it appeared to them, touching the Committee ‘ Room; and the Letter of Mr. Crisp referred to the said Committee; and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; apd is as followed!;

That Mr. Crisp, being examined, owned the letter produced to the Committee, wherein are these Words:

" I have appeared every Day before the Committee of " Parliament, which is no small Charge to our Commissioners, and us that are in 'Town Chief Agents; also " the Room which the Committee sits in'comes to jo/.

" Pour Days: There is a Motion made that every body " shall be at proportionable Charges, as Commissioners,

" Chief Agents, and others Agents, every one according " to their Salary; and that the Chief Agents do stand " obliged for tin ir under Agents."

And siiid, that the Occasion of the said Letter was, That he was in th eductionCoff'et-house Room; and Somebody dunned Mr. Haynes for some Money: But who it was, or for what Sum, he could give no Account; only, as Mr. I lay tics turned about to him, and told him, Somebody demanded 10/. for i'e.ir or Six Days for the Committee Room. As to the Motion mentioned in the Letter, he said, It was made by himself, w ho was Chiei Agent for Cardiganshire, to Mr Haynes and Mr. Cook.

Mr. Haynes, being examined said, That the Person that came to dun him in the Auction Coffee-house was Kir. Snow; who dunned him for Money for the Committee lor Wools, sitting in his Room last Sessions, which was upon their own Commission, and not any Committee by Order of the House; which was Seven or Eight Days; and denied that he told Mr. the Charge of the Committee Room was 1 o /. for Four or Six Days, or asked Mr. Crisp any Money, or that his Under Agents should contribute; or knew any thing of the W riting of Crisp's Letter, or the Contents thereof.

But Mr. Crisp, being examined again, said, That he never was before the Committee for Wool, nor employed, during the time they sat, being made an Agent but in May last; and that his Letter was writ no longer than about Four or Five Weeks since; and that the Person who came to Mr. Iiaynis for Money, came to him about a Week before the writing of the Letter; and that he understood Mr. Haynes of the Committee of Parliament; and that he spake to the said Mr. after he came from the Committee.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions: llesolvid, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Letter writ by Mr. to # is false

and scandalous; and reflecting upon the Honour of the , House, and the Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Haynes was the Occasion of writing the said take and scandalous Letter.

'J he said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said John Haynes be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House Disposition an Account how the Eighty-five thousand Pounds paid Ejtclse into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Fea Ue* Commissioners of the Customs, for Penalties and Forfeitures, for Ten Years ending at Michaelmas 1699, hath been disposed of.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday come Impartial Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ErpC*^"8* House, to consider of the Bill touching free and impartial j,en*r Proceedings in Parliament.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker I'esumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had cornfe lo a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert, Mr. Major Defective

Holmes, Admiial Hobson, Mr. Hopper, be added to the Titles. Committee, to whom the Bill lor the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other detective Titles, is committed.

7 4

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 2 5*die Januarii;

u° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Petition of George Herlackendon Esquire was pre- Half-pay. sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitoner, as One of the Deputy Commissaries of the Army, faithfully served his Majesty several Years; and was disbanded in December 1698, with other Deputy Commissaries, who have all of them Half-pay, except ' the Petitioner: And praying, That, in Consideration his Services have been eqoal with the rest of the Deputy Commissaries, he nmy have Iiaif-pay as well as they.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Bishop's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Castle Elec- Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the tiun‘ Borough of Bishop's Castle in the County of Salop, be

made l'o-morrow Sevennight.

Beer, Ale. Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay and Small before this House a yearly Account of the gross Produce Bei'r- of the Barrels of Beer, Ale, and small Beer, charged from

Midsummer 1688, to Midsummer 1C99.

Excise Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay

Penalties. before'this House an Account of the Adjudications, Mitigations, and Reversals, of Penalties and Forfeitures, from Midsummer 1683,to Midsummer 1699.

VOL. 13.

A Petition of George Moor, Merchant, was presented King>8 Bene|, to the House, and read; setting forth, That, about Eight Prison. Years since, he obtained a Judgment, for above 2,0001. against Mr. Lenthall, chargeable on his Estate in the King's Bench Prison, and in Oxonshire; which the Petitioner extended, and was iu Possession; but was ousted by Mr. Boulter, on Pretence of a prior Incumbrance; to be relieved against which, the Petitioner preferred a Bill in Chancery; which Suit is still depending; That this House having lately appointed a Committee to state the Incumbrances u|>on the said Prison; before the Petitioner could be heard, the said Committee made their Report to the House, and left out the Petitioner's Incumbrance: w hereby he shall be debarred of his said Oo Debt,

143

25* Januarii. A. 1699.

Debt, unless relieved by the House: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to state the Incumbrances upon the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet: And that they do examine the Mattel-; and report the same to the House: And that the Committee be revived for that Purpose.

King's Bench Ordered, That the Bill for paying off the Incum-Prison. branceson the Kings Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; be read upon the Day appointed, after Twelve a Clock.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common

Manufac- Council, and also of the Merchants, Weavers, Fullers, tures. Dyers, and odiers concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in die City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade in the Woollen Manufacture is much decayed of late; especially since the Flanders Prohibition, which hath cut off one considerable Part of the Petitioners Sales; and they are thereby much streightcued in their Trade, and the Poor distressed for want of Work; and great F.ncouragement is given in foreign Parts, to tempt our Workmen thither; where many Woollen Manufactures are already set up, in Imitation of the English And praying the House timely to provide for the Encouragement and Enlargement of the English Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of die Trade of England.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Noble's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Estate. enable Thomas Noble Gentleman to sell the undivided

Third-part of the Manor of in the County of

Leicester, when he shall have settled other Lands, an intire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses, without apy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the Sale of several Western Manors and Lacey's Lands, the Estate oiArthur Lacy Esquire, for discharging Lstate.

a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Purchase of Demesne-lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmer,

Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Conyers,

Sir Cha.Turner, Mr. Yates, Mr BridMr. Mr. Crane, Sir William Drake, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Dyot, Major General Erie,

Mr. Hancock, Sir Godfrey Copley, Lord Sir

Richard Cocks, Mr. England, Mr.; and all for

Devonshire, Somersetshire, Dorsetshire, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Aliens Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either Children, lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for making the River Lark, alias ,navi- Lark gable, was read the First time. Navigation.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough Ditto, and Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the making the River Lark, alias Burn, navigable, for which there is a Bill in this House, seems to be a Work of general Advantage to the Country; and a particular Increase of the Shipping, Trade, anti Navigation of the said Port: And praying, That the House will give all suitable Encouragement to the Undertakers of so good a Work.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Assaying of Plate.

A Person in Custody to attend a Committee.

Vexatious Suits in Wales.

A Petition of the Goldsmiths of the City of Norwich An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barlows was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, for confirming the Sale of the Manor of and Lsute.

That, by reason of a Clause in a late Act, for encou- certain Tenements, in the County of made by

raging the bringing in of wrought Plate to be coined, Thomas liarlow Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, whereby the Mark of all Plate is appointed to be affixed of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for vesting thereon by the Company of Goldsmiths of London only, other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold, the Petitioners are debarred from working at their Trades, for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same for fear of the Forfeitures in the said Act; which, if not Uses; was read the First time, remedied, will be the Ruin of the Petitioners: And Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration; and relieve them therein; by allowing distinct Mr. Harcourt was, according to Order, brought to the A rmon Marks for the several Cities of England, or otherwise, as Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand rePKW

the House shall think convenient from Mr. Speaker. charged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Ordered, That the said Mr. Harcourt be discharged be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of out of Custody, paying his lees, the Goldsmiths of the City and County of the City of

Exon is referred: And that Sir God fret) Copley, Mr. Sir John Mordant, according to Order, presented to Tythes of Bfofeild, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Lowndes, and"all for the House a Bill for continuing the Act for the better Hemp and

Devon, Conncall, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Wilts, be added ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax: And the Flav'

to the said Committee. san,e was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do permit John Haynes, now in his Custody, to A Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracies Suppressing,

attend the Committee, to whom the Matter relating to was, according to Order, read a Second time. Piracy,

the Woollen Manafactures is referred, before whom he is Resolved, Tlmt the Bill be committed, under Examination. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Sir Robert Edon, according to Order, presented to the Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come House a Bill for preventing of frivolous and vexatious Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Suits in the Principality ot /Yales, and the Counties House, to consider of the said Bill.

Palatine: And the same was received. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Uesolve/l, 'Unit the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning. mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for the

x I W. III.

2 5° — 2 6° Januarii.

*43

(1 Lac?vi

<rl>

"3

4k.

Dolphin

Ship.

Supply.

the Punishment of deserting Seamen, both from his Majesty's Ships of War, and Merchants Ships.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House Copies of the Orders for fitting out and sailing of the Ship Dolphin.

Veneris, 26° die Januarii.

u? Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Jacobson'*, to naturalize Thcophilits JacobsoWilliam c‘Nat*

and Sarah Hoskinstyles, Infants: And that Mr. White

Alien?

'ihidreu,

Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further

of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolu- do prepare, and bring in, the Bill, tion which they had directed him to report toihe House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in Mr. from the Commissioners of Transports, Transport

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Same was read; and is presented to the House their Answer to the Petition of Service* as followeth; viz. John de Grave and Francis Minshall, in behalf of them-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, selves, and others, Owners of the Ships hired to carry That whosoever shall advance or lend a Sum, not ex- Provisions to Newfoundland: ceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, for paying of And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Seamen's Wages, shall be repaid the same, with Interest That, in July 1697, they hired Seven Ships to carry at 5/. per Cent, (after the Sum of Two hundred and Provisions hence to Newfoundland by the Ton; and paid Twenty thousand Pounds already borrowed,) out of the them Half their Freight, so soon as their Loading was

t

Employing ibe Poor.

First Aids to be granted this Session.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That whosoever shall advance or lend a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, for paying of Seamen's Wages, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at 5 /. per Cent, (after the Sum of 220,000 /. already borrowed,) out of the First Aids to be granted this Session.

A Bill for the better relieving and employing the Poor of this Kingdom was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

on board. The Ships, and Masters Names, are as follow; viz.

The Joseph, Thomas Rook Master.

The John and William, Benjamin Holman Master.

The Seventh Son, James Perryman Master.

The Hart, John Dudley Master.

The Burlington, George Stephens Master.

The Agreement, James Youtig Master.

The Antony, Samuel Roberts Master.

The First of the above Ships has been long since paid in full.

The following Three Ships have had their Accounts adjusted; but, having no Money to pay them with, their Accounts were, some lime since, laid before the Right Honourable the I/ords Commissioners of his Majesty's

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Treasury; but nothing received for them.

Ways and Means.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his of the Treasury.

The Burlington, George Stephens Master, was taken by Two French Privateers in her Passage to Newfoundland; and the Owners, and their Ship, insured from the Enemy by his Majesty; so that she is to be paid for according to a Report made to the Lords Commissioners

Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morn-

The Agreement, James Young Master, after making Newfoundland, met with stormy Weather, and was forced from the Land; and his Ship, being much damaged, sailed for Barbados, as we have also reported to their Lordships.

The case of the Antony, Samuel Roberts Master, we have been told, is the same with the Agreement; but the Owners have not vet applied to us to have their Accounts adjusted.

ing.

January 1699.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was Ordered, That the said Answer be recommended to directed by the Committee to move, That they may have the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Bonds for Ordered, That the Account of the Bonds taken for Custom*. Customs iri London, and the Out Ports, before

1699, and standing out the F.seventh of January last; and the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, in relation thereunto; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Apd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

VOL. 13.

Mr. Carter, according to Order, presented to the Fleet Prison, House, a Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of William Vaughan Gentleman, an Infant, Vaughan'* by Walter Vaughan, of Trebarriedin the County of Bre- settlement con, Esquire, and Mary Vaughan Widow, his Guardian, and next Friends; and Frances Vaughan, an Infant, sole Daughter and Heir of John Vaughan, late of in the County of Hereford, Esquire, by Vaughan

Clerk, Henry Vaughan Gentleman, John Lewis Esquire, and John Edwards Gentleman, her Guardians, and next Friends; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Articles of Marriage to be solemnized between the said William and Frances the Peti-

tioners, his Guardians, have covenanted for the settling as a Jointure, upon the said Frances, several Messuages and Premises in the County of Brecon; but, by reason of the Infancy of the said fVilliam Vaughan, his Guardians

cannot

144

26° Januarii. A. 1699.

cannot perform the said Articles without the Aid of an of Woollen Cloths much lessened, the Poor increased, Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be and what Profit is to be gotten carried away by Fo-given to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Articles of reigners: To prevent all which Mischiefs, and many Agreement, made for the Marriage of the said William more, the Petitioners pray, That the said Company may and Frances Vaughan. be supported in their Privileges in the said Rivers, as to Ordered, That Leave be £iven to bring in a Bill, ac- the House shall seem meet, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Price do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the

Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second

Vexatious A Bill for preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits in Wales10 the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cattle Mar- , The House being informed. That the Sheriffs of the Hayraarket. City of London attended at the Door; ,

They were called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That they had a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of don, to present to the House, in relation to the Markets belonging to the City: And delivered the same into the House.

And then withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth, That King Edward the 11 Id, by his Charter, inter al. granted to the Petitioners, That no Market should thenceforth be granted within Seven Miles in Circuit of the said City; and several Persons, in sundry Reigns, have endeavoured to obtain Patents for erecting of Markets for live Cattle within that Distance, who, upon hearing the Petitioners, have, from time to time, been prevented; but Sir Nathanael Curzon and John Kent Esquire, having lately erected a Market in Great for the Sale of live

Cattle, under Colour of seme Grants from the late King James, the Petitioners brought a Scire facias to reverse those Grants; and, to obstruct their Proceedings thereon, the said Sir Nath, and Mr. Kent have petitioned this House, as the Petitioners conceive: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel what they have to offer in relation to the Matters alleged in the said Petition of Sir Nath. Cursonand M r. Kent.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Nathanael Curson and John Kent Esquire is referred: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon: And that Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Oven Buckingham, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Cox, be added to the said Committee.

Coin ban°U8h ^>e^t'on divers Merchants, Clothiers, and others, ompdiiy. in j.[ie Town of Ratchdale in the County of Lancaster, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Trade of our Woollen Manufacture may be carried on, to the best Advantage of the Nation, by his Majesty's natural-born Subjects; but Foreigners have got so great a Share of it, that they have discouraged the Hamborough Company from sending such

great Quantities of Cloths abroad as formerly; and have occasioned otir Manufactures to be debased and dis-csteeined in foreign Markets: And praying, That the Hamborough Company may he supported in their Trade to Germany, as the means to prevent the growing Mischiefs which attend our Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

>Di,.to. A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and others, of the City of York, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the supporting of the Hamborough Company in their Privileges upon the River of Kibe, Wiser, and Eyder, will be a means to preserve and restore the Trade of our Woollen Manufactures to those Parts from falling wholly into the Hands of Foreigners; by whbm the English Navigation is much diminished, the Expons

time.

Ordered, That no more Petitions be received, for or Avon Navi-against the Bill for making the River Avon, from Christ gation. Church to Salisbury, navigable, after Wt next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to County enable the Justices of the Peace to raise Money for the Gaols. Building of Gaols in the several Counties of England and Wales, where there are none; and for repairing of the Gaols in other of the said Counties, where such Gaols w ant repairing, and the Charge of the repairing them ought to be defrayed by the respective Counties:

And that Colonel Byerley and Mr. Boscawcn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Beecher Esquire, and Charles stut*vill«'» Beecher, and John Bridger Gentlemen, and of Elizabeth Estat*. the Wife of Charles Stuteville Esquire, and their Five Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Charles Stuteville, having mortgaged his Estate in the County of Suff olk to the late Lord Keeper North for 1,000 Years, and not paying the Money, was foreclosed of the Equity of Redemption; whereby the.

Estate became absolute, and, by mesne Assignment, is now vested in Gilbert Dolben Esquire, who is in Possession; yet is willing to accept of a Sum of Money:

And Judith, Mother of the said Charles Stuteville, having, in 1689, obtained a Decree in Chancery for 5,8001. principal Money, to be raised out of the said Estate, assigned the same to the Petitioners, in Trust, for the Benefit of her said Five Grandchildren: That Mr. Stuteville hath conveyed to the Petitioners John and Charles Beecher all his Right and Title to the said Estate, in Trust, for the satisfying Incumbrances thereupon; which can no ways be paid, but by Sale of the Premises; which cannot be effected, but by Act of Parliament, by reason the said Charles is become weak in his Understanding: And, for that the Petitioners Elis. and her Children, and the said Charles Stuteville, are without Subsistence; they pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Estate of the said Charles ville, for Payment of the Incumbrances thereupon; and applying the Residue of the Money for the Benefit of him, and his Wife and Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Rowland Guyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Ways and it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for rais- AJeuns. ing the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and alterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Aid be granted to his Majesty, not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Tear, to be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions,

Offices, and personal Estates.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Aid be granted to his Majesty, not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, to be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-1 solution:

9. 11W. III. a6° — vf Jamarii. 145

(1,

1*0-

my

lay

to

*ie

lie

id

,r Avod

/ gUlOH.

) Cojat?

StatfTiJ

Ltiic,

t

1

solution: And that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Grant* from Resolved, That a Day be appointed to consider of the the Crown. , Grants made since the settling of the Civil List upon his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Matter be taken into Consi- deration upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That Mr. Travers, his Majesty's Surveyor General, do lay before this House the Petitions and Reports, upon which any Grants were made the last Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House the Warrants for the said Grants.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday House. come Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Thetford Then the House proceeded to the hearing the Matter Election. touching the Election for the Borough of Thetford in the County of Norfolk:

And the Counsel for EdmundSoame Esquire, the Petitioner, and for James Sloane Esquire, the Sitting Member, were called in; and heard; and several Witnesses examined on both Sides.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That James Sloane Esquire, in treating the Corporation of Thetford in the County of Norfolk, has been guilty of a Breach of the late Act of Parliament for preventing Expences in Elections;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

*-M£lSS£3£;.

Tellers for the Noes,|JJj] } 11

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That James Sloane Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the County of Norfolk;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Election is a void Election. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the County of Norf olk, in the room of James Sloane Esquire, who is adjudged to be unduly elected.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 27° die Jamtarii; it0 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Hamborough A PETITION of divers Masters of Ships, at or Company, fx. near Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the taking off Aliens Duties, and for want of a sufficient Support for English Merchants, hath given great Advantage to neighbouring Nations; who are so far Masters of our Trade, that very little English Shipping is employed to the East Country, Germany, Hamborough, Holland, and Flanders; to the great Discouragement of Navigation, and English Seamen, who might be therein employed, and be near at home, upon all Occasions, to serve their Country: And praying the House to establish the Hamborough and Eastland Companies, as the Means to restore and support the English Navigation to the Parts aforesaid.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Dyers and Olothworkers in the City Hamborough of London was presented to the House, and read; setting Company, forth, That formerly, when the Hamborough Company flourished, our Woollen Manufactures were exported in great Quantities, dyed and dressed here; but, since Foreigners have had a Freedom to export the same, they have, by Degrees, encouraged the Dyeing thereof abroad; and at length, by Help of the ^reat Drawback on Dyeing-wares, will deprive the Petitioners of that Part of their Trade: And praying, That the Bill in the House for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Ham-borough Company may pass, for the Encouragement of English Merchants to export our Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Packers, Setters, Tillet-painters, Ditto. Callenders, and Seal-makers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since Foreigners have gotten the greatest Share of the Trade of exporting the English Woollen Manufactures to Germany, they have exported them almost wholly unmanufactured in the Way of the Petitioners Trade, to their great Impoverishment, which used formerly to be manufactured here; and that Trade might be regained, as the Petitioners conceive, if Encouragement were given to English Merchants to export our Woollen Manufactures to Germany: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for the better Fncou-ragement and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, may pass, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bay-makers, Say-rnakers, and Per- Ditto, petuana-makers, of Colchester, and others concerned in the W oollen Manufactures there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor, for above 20 Miles round, have their chief Dependence upon making the said Manufactures; which, for many Years past, have been sent to Holland, and thence conveyed, and vended in Germany; which Trade has been very beneficial to the Petitioners: But there being a Bill in the House, for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, whereby all Persons trading to Germany must be admitted into that Company, and consequently subject to their By-laws, and probably they not contented to trade for so little Profit as the Petitioners, the Prices upon Goods will lie advanced in foreign Parts, the Consumption here lessened, the Poor want Employment, and it will put Foreigners upon all TV ays possible of setting up our Manufactures there: And praying the refore, That the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to naturalize Francis Vandei'tijde was read a Vantertijde'* Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Clark, Mr/I redenham, Mr.

White, Mr. Carter, Mr. Pye, Mr. Joliffe, Sir

Blake, Sir John Bland, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Winington, Sir Robert Justin, Mr.

Palmer, Mr Hayes, Mr. Duke, Mr. Northmore, Mr.

Hughes, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Yates, Mr. Guy, Mr.

Crane, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Crocker, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Dyot, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Carter, according to Order, presented to the Regulating House a Bill for regulating of Prisons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

P p

l

;i46 '27* Januarii.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Silk Manu- A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers,

facture. and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Decay of the Silk Manufactory, great Multitudes of People residing in the said Parish, whose sole Dependence was on the Silk Weavers and Throwers, are become an insupportable Burden to the Parish: And praying, That the Weavers and Throwers of Silk may be so relieved, that the Poor may be thereby employed, and the Petitioners eased.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho are to . consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of . England; and particularly, to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom*.

Ditto. A Petition of the Rector, Vestry, and Churchwardens,

and Overseers, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Botolph's, Bishopsgatewithout, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of People inhabit within the said Parish, whose chief Dependence is upon the Silk Manufactory. either from the Silk YY'eavers, or Silk Throwers; whose Trades are so greatly decayed, that the Petitioners indigent Neighbours are become an insupportable Burden to them: And praying, That the House will grant such Relief to the said Weavers and Throwers, as their Poor may again be employed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Woollen A Petition of the Clothiers in and about the Town of

Manufacture, Froome, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves and many Hundreds of poor People depending on them, and their Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Cloathing Trade of England is very much lessened and decayed by the great Exportation of our Wool; the late Prohibition of them in Flanders; by the high Duties on Oil, Soap, and Dyeing-stuff, whereby Foreigners undersell the English, they paying no such Duties; by the excessive Straining of our Cloth, which brings a Discredit upon it abroad; and by the great Numbers of other Tradesmen setting up the Cloathing Trade, imposing Hardships on the Labourers therein: And praying the Consideration of the House in tire Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manulactures of this Kingdom.

Sevenokes Mr. Campion, according to Order, presented to the

ltoads. House a Bill for repairing the Highways from

to Tonbridge, in the county of : And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next

Transport A Petition of William Besaick Master, and Richard Debt. Holder Merchant, both of them Part-owners of the Ship

Mary, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship was hired, by the Commissioners for Transportation, in January 1693, and appraised upon Oath at 731/. 5s. and employed to transport about 290 Officers and Foot Soldiers, of Colonel Hamilton's Regiment, from Deptford to Os tend; where lying at Anchor to get into that Harbour, the Officers, being very impatient to get on shore, commanded the Mariners to cut her Cables; but they refused, knowing the Danger of turning her in to Shore, and persuaded them to stay till the next Tide; which they would not: But one Captain Caine, the chief Officer on board, commanded the Soldiers to cut the Cables; which so soon as they had done, the said Ship

drove ashore, and was utterly lost, but all the Men saved:

That Berwick petitioned his Majesty for Satisfaction; who referred the Matter to the Transport Commissioners; who reported the Matter, as aforesaid; and that the Owners ought to have Satisfaction: Yet the said Commissioners have omitted to insert the Petitioners Debt in the Accounts of the Debt due for Transport Service, which they have delivered in to this House: And praying, That the Petitioners Debt may be paid with the rest of the Transport Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Dyers in and about the Cities of - Duties m don and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, was pre- Dye-stuff*, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Duties on Dye-stuff greatly discourages the Dyeing Trade in general; for that Foreigners have the same much cheaper, by reason of their own small Customs, and great Drawbacks from hence; whereby they are enabled to undersell the Petitioners; which, if not prevented, will shortly destroy the Dyers Trade, both at home and abroad:

And praying, That the High Duties upon Dye-stuff may be taken off, so that thereby the Petitioners may work as cheap as other Nations, and redeem their lost Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, That the Petition of Sir YVipan Alexander Rigby, touching the Election for the Borough Election, of Wigan in the County of Lancaster, this Session, is different from that which was presented the last Sessions;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do examine, whether the Petition this Session he the same in Substance with that which was presented the lust Sessions; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the fiou.50: And that the Committee do proceed upon tae same in the first Place.

Sir Richard Cocks reported from the Committee, to Papists Pre-whotn the Bill for hindering Papists from disinheriting their tmtaatHeiit, Protestant Heirs was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Martha Johnson, and Tho. Johnson and Fleet Prism. John Johnson, her Sons, and Frances her

Daughter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Creditors of the Fleet Prison, were, some time since, served with an Order from a Committee of this House, That they should lay before the Committee a stated Account, in Writing, of their Demands; which the Petitioners were willing to do: But their Agent being out of Town at the time appointed by the Committee for doing thereof, the Petitioners w ere incapacitated to perform the said Order: And praying, That they may have Liberty to lay before the House an Account of their said Incumbrance, which they have prepared, that,

they may not be postponed in their just Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it was referred to state the Incumbrances upon the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet: Arid that they do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, and chief Rye Harbour. Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, One of the Cinque Ports, was presented to the House, and read; setting fai th, That the Harbour of Rye is very advantageously situated, not only for the Benefit of Navigation in general, in saving many

Ships

t

11 W; III. 27* Januarii.

Ships by putting in there in bad Weather; but also for the Safety of his Majesty's Navy Royal, it being capable of being improved to be the best and largest Tide Harbour in Engta>u!\ it lying also opposite to divers French Ports, and may !>ea means to prevent an Enenry from infesting the English Coast: Rut the said Harbour is of late very much decayed and swerved with Slubb, occasioned by the Inning of Land, and making Walls cross the same, with Flood-gates and Sluices; so that the Tide cannot flow and reflow, as formerly; and, in all Likelihood, will be totally lost, unless some Measures be taken to prevent the same: And praying. That some Course may be taken for restoring the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness; and for improving it to the Advantage of the whole Nation.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

Mr. Godolphin, according to Order, presented to the Silver Coin, House an Account of Silver exported since Michaelmas *c,unPort*d' 1697; and also an Account of the Woollen Manufactures exported from the Port of London, with the Duties payable thereon, from Michaelmas 16y7, to Michaelmas 1698, with the Duties payable thereon: And he acquainted the House, That the Account of the Indian Manufactures imported and exported in the Years 1698, and 1699, is preparing with all the Speed that can be.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read:

And the ACCOUNTS are as follow; viz.

The said Account of SILVER Exported.

Foreign Coin.

Time of . In whose Name. To what Place. Quantity.

Ounces.

15 October 97. Hcnrv Johnson. Rotterdam. 4,000. Pieces 8.

19 October. Wm. Vega. Rotterdam. 800. Pieces 8.

2 November. Old East India Company. India. 62,628. Pieces 8.

12 Do. James Male. India. 4.000.

17 Do. Hen. Dufleild. India. 11,000.

18 Do. Fred. Herne. Rotterdam. 5,570. i^d. Pieces 8.

29 Do. John Roberts. India. l,8oo. Pieces 8.

1 December. Rich. Goff and Company. Ditto. Streights. Streights. 78.000. Pieces 8. 33.000. Pieces 8.

Do. James Male. India. 20,000. Foreign Coin.

29 Do. Robert Eetten. India. 20,000. Pieces 8.

30 Do. Wm. Peter. India. 20,000. Do.

30 Do. Old East India Company. India. 195,254. Pieces 8.

3 January. Jerem. Thomas. India. 10,000. Pieces 8. 483. Pieces 8.

Do. Sam Wilcox. India.

Do. Abr. Wilmer. India. 5,000. Pieces 8.

10 Do. Old East India Company. India. 45.605. 10 d.Pieces 8.

18 Do. George Carew. India. 330. Pieces 8.,

19 - - - - Tho. Raines. India. 5,000. Pieces 8.

26 Wm. Fridges. India. 1,090.

Do. Joseph Snaring. India. 1,000.

27 - - - - Old East India Company. India. 10.497-

Do. John Morris. Scandaroon. 297. Lion Dollars.

to OO 1 1 1 Old East India Company. India. 21,242. Pieces 8. 13.996. Pieces 8.

Do. Ditto. India.

Do. Wm. Livesay. India. 4-4- 10</.

29 --- - Win. Bridges. India. 1,000.

1 February. Old East India Company. India. 3.490.

Do. Eliz. Stubbs. India. 60.

5 - - - - Pen. Fox. India. 140.

12 - - - - Step. Grandele. India. L150.

*5 - - - - Robert Wilmot. India. 57,240.

1.5 - - - - Simon Strye. Holland. 500. Dollars.

18 --- - James Tyler. Cadiz. 1,200.

19 - - " - Francis Staynes. Cadiz. 1,200.

21 - - - - John Sutton. Cadiz. 500. Pieces 8.

8 March. Wm. Dawson. Maderas. 30,000.

10 - - - - Char. Bachee. India. 500.

14 - - - - Old E. I. Company. India. 85,971.

15 - - - - John West. India. 25,000.

24 ... - Elias Crisp. India. 2,000.

26 --- - Old E. I. Company. India. 17,440.

1 1 I 1 0* Banister Maynard. India. 400.

Do. Peter Renew and Company. Norway. 2,790. Foreign Coin.

>8. 2d April. John Stephens. India. 25,000. Pieces 8.

18 --- - David Penco and Company. India. 1,435- Pieces 8.

19 --- - Old E. I. Company. India. 59,435- 10 d.

Do. Peter Henriquez. India. *,990.

Do. John Mendez D. Costa. India. 4,250.

Do. Alvaro i>. Costa. India. 2,000. Pieces 8.

Do. Alvaro D. Costa. India. 2,000.

Do. Joseph Jackson. . India. 300. Dollars.

20 - - - -VoL. 13, Tho. Somaster. India. 1*460. Pieces 8.

A. 1699

af Jatmarii.

Time of Entry.

20 April.

Do.

Do.

J)a

, Po.

" ‘

28 - -28 - -

29 '

30

May 2d.

3 - "

3 "

4 - ' 4 - '

4 ‘ '

5 - '

5 ' -

6 - -

7 -

9 " -

17 " '

18 - -18 - -

23 - -23 - -23

28 - -

30 - -

31 - - ' June 6.

10 - -

16 - -16 - -

16 - -

20 - - 23 - " 23 - - 23 - -

28 - - -July 6.

9 - -12 - -

14 - "

15 - '

16 -

21 - - -21 - - '

29 - - -August 8.

15 ' '

October 14.

25 -

25 - - ' 25 - - -Nov. 3d.

12 -

17 ' ' '

December 8.

10 "

10 - - ' 12 - " 12 -

14 '

15 ‘

20 -20 -

20 -

22 -

In whose Name.

, Wm. Blundell.

John Morse.

Wm. Grantham. JpsephPosne.

Jo. Daworks.

Isaac (Tc|ls D.. Costa. , Pet and Ben. Henriques. Pet-Henriques.

Wm. Vega.

Wm. Steward-John Dackefoot Phil. D. Costa.

John D. Costa.

Wm. Heath.

John D. Costa.

John Nuns D. Costa.

Pet. Henriques, junior. Diego D. Medina.

.Old E- Ind. Company.

Diego D. Medina.

Antn. Gomesena.

Isaac Aboad.

John Mendez D. Co^t. Edmund Harrison.

Jo. Mendez D. Costa. Peter Floyer.

Edmund Harrison.

Peter Floyer.

Peter Floyer.

Peter Floyer.

Batik of England.

Peter Henriques.

Benj. Francis.

Peter Floyer.

Peter Floyer.

Abr. D. Nitranda. Solomon D. Costa.

Peter Floyer.

Bank of England.

Pet. Floyer.

David Pensp.

Hen> Johnson.

Peter Albert.

Peter Floyer.

John BlackwaL Edw. Jackson.

Bank of England.

Peter Floyer.

Peter Floyer.

Peter Floyer.

Wm. Richardson.

Hanse Jacobi.

David Penso.

Robert Wichurch.

Old E. Ind. Company. Richard Chevall.

Walt. Merchant John Guy.

Old East-Ind. Company. Old E. I- Company.

Will- Richardson.

Old E. I.Company.

Do.

Wm. Bull.

Rob. Hedges.

New East-Ind, Company. New East-Ind. Company. New East-Ind. Company. New East-Ind. Company. New Company.

New Company.

To what Place.

India.

India.

.India.

.Holland.

.Holland.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

1 India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Rotterdam.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Holland.

Rotterdam.

West Indies.

Amsterdam.

Do.

Rotterdam.

East Indies.

Rotterdam.

Holland.

Holland.

Rotterdam.

Amsterdam.

Bridges.

Amsterdam.

Amsterdam.

Rotterdam.

Holland.

Rotterdam.

Amsterdam.

Rotterdam.

East-l|Udies.

Calais.

Surat.

Holland.

: India.

India.

Streights.

Holland.

India.

India. Barbaiy. i India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Quantity.

Ounces.

16.000.

4.000.

870.

1,100. Fr. Dollars. 500. Fr. Dollars. 700. Pieces of 8.

5.000. Pieces of 8.

1.500.

1,698.

9.000.

400.

2.000.

4,415.

2.000.

.815-

2.000.

7.300.

10,200.

21,833. 1 o

2.000.

2,800.

600.

2.000.

900.

2.000.

3.000.

900.

2.000. Pieces of 8,.

2.000.

2,020. Pieces of 8.

38,544-

1,170.

1.000.

1.320.

1.000.

2,688.

1.000.

3,450-

28,032.

3.000.

8.000.

3,600.

873-

2.000.

380.

800.

7,008.

3,566.

1.320.

2.300,

40.000.

600. Fr. Crowns.

5.000. Pieces 8.

100. Fr. Crowns.

185,942. Pieces 8.

2.500.

500.

300. Fr. Crowns.

20.000. Pieces 8. 125,0 00.

40.000.

9l>735-

30.000.

2.000.

g,ioo.

3.500.

2,370.

210.000.

210.000.

12.000.

12,450*

11 W. III.

27° Januariu

HP

Time of Entry. In whose Name. To what Place.

22 December. Old Company. India.

22 - - - New Company. India.

23 - - - Henry Hamand. India.

24 - - - Tho. Hamond. India.

24 - - - John Clapham. India.

24 - - - Wm. Beckford. India.

30 - - - Tho. Reed. India.

30 - - - New E. I. Company. India.

31 - - - New Company. India.

31 ' - ' New Company. , India.

31 - - - New Company. India.

3, - - - New Company. 1 India.

January 2. New Company. I India.

6 - - - Tho. Wilson.. I Constantinople.

Quant.

7 - -

13 "

13 -

13 - -

19 - -

February 6

7 -

14 -

16 -

16 -

16 -

16 -

17 -

20

20 - -

20 - -

20 - -

25 - -

25 - -

March 2d.

4 - -

24

1699.28

30 30

31

April 3.

3 -

6 -8 -

*3 -

14

20

20

20

20 -20 20

21 21 21 21

21 -

21 - -

24 -

24 -

26 - -

26 - -

26 - -

26 - -

27 - -

27 - -

29 - -

29 - -

May 10.

----- - — — j*

Geo. Mathews.

Sir Geo. Dewnish.

Geo. Manwaring. Peregrine Brown.

Wm. Young.

John Vobe.

John Pit.

Valent. Knitdy. Brockman Bunee. Richard Gary.

New Company.

Phil. Day.

John Hurles.

New Company.

Mich. Grave.

New Company,

Old Company.

James Fowler.

Old Company.

Old Company.

Phil. Papillon.

Peter Godfry.

Joseph Pack.

John Lock.

Simon Stry.

Clement Pettit Cha. Coatsworth.

Ben. Hardy.

Old Company.

New Company.

Jos Fernandez.

Old Company.

Solom. D. Medina.

New Company.

James Allison.

Pet Godfry and Company. Sam. Southouse.

Jos. Nunes D. Costa.

Is. sen. Henriquez.

Isa. D. Costa.

Jos. Ferdinando.

Wm. Felix.

Sam. D. Costa.

Wm. Gott.

Wm. Felix.

Benj. Mawes.

Jo. N. D. Costa.

Old Company.

Chidly Brook.

Jos. Fernandez.

John Reynolds.

Jos. Paidworker.

John Treby.

James Allison.

Tho. Styles.

Vot.

13.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Guinea.

India. Bermudas. India.

India.

India.

Antega.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Bilboa.

India.

India, f For his Maje- 7 )sty s Service, j Cadiz.

Holland.

India.

Holland.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Imtia.

India.

Cadiz.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Holland. Rotterdam.

India.

Russia.

Q q

Ounces.

100.000.

470.

1.000.

490. Fr. Crowns.

1.200. Do.

3,640. Pieces 8. 2,660. Pieces 8.

200.

20.000.

2,500.

200.

1.000.

7.000.

175.

140,000.

2,638.

12.000.

1.200.

400. Dutch Dollars.

20.000. Pieces 8.

2.000. Pieces 8.

25.000. Foreign Corn-

2.000. Pieces 8.

100. Pieces 8.

600.

70.000.

467.

1,121.

245>o0°.

500.

35.000.

119,378. 10 Peny-weight. 1,600.

40.000.

10.000.

3,946.

6.000.

1,200. Dollars.

1.000. Pieces 8-800. Fr. Crowns.

50. Pieces 8.

800. Pieces 8.

180.

40.500.

27,400.

0,000.

5.000.

6.000.

105.000.

2,300.

9,625-2 60.

6.000. Pieces 8.

6.000.

3.000.

10.000.

3,200.

1.500.

340.

1.000.

1.500.

1.000.

50,000.

5.000.

5,020.

410.

500. Fr, Crowns.

876. Pieces 8.

4.000.

goo. Dollars.

150

if Januarii.

Time of Entry.

17 May. 17 - -

20 -

26 -

27 -

June 2.

5 ‘

6 -

9 - '

13 *

28 -

30

July 3.

10

28

28

29

3«

August 1.

4 -

4 - -

16 -

16 - - -September 13.

22 -

22 - - -22 - -22 - - -22 - - -27 -

27

28

28 - - -30 -

October 7. 11 -

17 -

19 -

Novem. 2.

o -

2 -

7 -

9 -

9 -

10 .

10 -

16 -

17 -

18 -

18 - -

18 -

21 -

22 - - -

*9 -

29 -

December 5.

5 -

11 -

11 -

11 .

11 -

11 -

12 -

13 -

*3 -

1,5 -

15 -

In whose Name.

Peter Floyer.

David Pcn.so.

Chris. Bratt.

Tho. Styles.

Denis Dutry.

Peter Floyer.

David Penso.

Geo. Adams.

Jos. Ferdinando.

Hen. Johnson.

Bevin and Smith.

Steph. Scott Tho. Betton.

Tho. Clark,

Wm. King.

Tho. Snatt.

Old East-Ihd. Company. New Company.

Matth. Lowt.

Isa. senior Henriquez.

Jos. N. D. Costa.

Geo. Simons and Company. Isa. D. Costa.

Solom. D. Medina.

Robert Child.

Tho. Wilson.

Tho. Wilson.

John Lodington,

Sir Isa. Rebow.

Edw. Harrison.

Sam. Allen.

Joseph Sike.

WTm. Turner.

Edw. Harrison.

New. Company. Tho.Glasier.

Hen. Duffeild.

Silvester Landau.

Andrew Welsh. GilbertHeathcot.

Rowland Gideon.

John Bull.

Old Company.

Old Company.

Old Company.

Peter Floyer.

New Company.

Hawes Newport.

Peter Floyer.

Old Company.

Valen. Catchpole.

Solomon Loyd.

James Pound.

Geo. Philips.

New Company,

Jos. Ferdinando.

Old Company.

Geo. Adams.

Geo. Adams.

Old Company.

Old Company.

Phil. Men. D. Costa,

Do.

Old Company.

Old Company.

Duke Faunce.

Rich. Carew.

Cha. Chamblain.

Paul. Brook.

Sam. D. Paz.

Sam. D. Paz.

To what Place.

Amsterdam.

Holland.

Stockholm.

Russia.

Rotterdam.

Streights.

Rotterdam.

Barbadoes.

India.

Rotterdam.

Streights.

Russia.

Russia.

Norway.

West Indies.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Suratt

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Streights.

Streights.

Barbary.

India.

India.

India.,

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Cadiz.

Stockholin.

Barbados.

Streights.

India.

India.

India,

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

Barbadoes.

West Indies.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India,.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

India.

A.

Quantity.

Ounces.

1.600. Pieces 8.

3,» 40*

1.000.

1,700. Dollars.

2,425. Foreign Coin. 740. Pieces 8.

2.600. Pieces 8.

700.

2,500.

3»365-

i,800.

300. Dollars.

446. Fr. Cr.

800. Dollars.

750. Foreign Silver. 200. Pieces 8. 57,866. Pieces 8. 36.517-

4.000.

10.000.

2.000.

25,200.

3,726.

3.000.

2.000.

2.000. L. Dollars.

1.000. Pieces 8.

3.500.

19,319-

36,010.

1,168.

13,400.

200.

2,670.

35.000.

450.

2,105.

2,260.

244.

684.

102.

1.000.

150.000.

19.000.

150.000.

6,353-

111.000.

400.

705.

4.000.

3.500. Pieces 8.

5.600.

1,165.

4.000.

24,500.

4.000.

8.000.

850.

1.000.

250.000.

75.000.

3,200.

3,267.

18.000.

42.000.

200.

500.

1.600.

420.

6.002.

6.002.

27° Januarii

i i W. III.

*51

Time of Entry. In whose Name. To what Place. Quantity.

15 Decetnbeh Josiah Gomezsena. India. Ounces. 6,850.

16 - - - - New Company. India. 91,000.

18 - - - Valencia and Pachico. India. 2,300.

18 - - - Jos. Chamblain. India. 8,000.

18 - - -: Peter Godfry. China. 500.

18 - - Isaac Milner. India. 14,140.

19 - - - - Josiah Gomezsena. India. 6,850.

19 A - - Isaac D. Costa. India. 2,006.

19 - - - - Isaac D. Costa. India. 2,000.

19 - - - - John Ridout India. 1,278.

19 - - - Old Company. India. 260,000.

20 - - * New Company. India. 21,000.

20 - - - Jos. Ferdinando. India. 2,000. Pieces 8.

1 i 1 0 C4 Valen. and Pacheco. India. 1J025.

20 - - - John Whiting. India. 152.

22 - - - - New Company. India. 210,000.

22 - - - ~ New Company. India. 10,500.

22 - a New Company. India. 7,000.

a3 ... - Peter Floyer. India. 876.

23 ... - William Monia. India. 1,200.

23 " - - - Cha. Newman. India. 3,504;

20 - - - - Jos. Na. D. Costa. India. 700.

29 - - - - Tho. Monk. India. 1,750.

29 - - - - Cha.. Newman. Indian 300:

January 2. Jacob Fernandes Nunes. India. 1*200.

2 - - - - John Evans. India. 21,321.

a - 1 - Sam. Rovost India. 1,700.

2 - - - - New Company. India. 110,000.

5 - - - - John D. Grave. India. 3,200.

9 - - - - Robert Whitchurch. Holland. 270. Foreign Coin.

10 ... - Will. Beauchamp. India. i 74. Pieces 8.

20 - - - - John Blackstone. India. 700. Pieces 8.

26 - - - - New East India Company. India. 400. Pieces 8.

In all Ounces. dwt; 5,344,656. 15;

An ACCOUNT of Molten Silver, and Bullion, exported since Michaelmas 1697.

Time of Entry. 1697. By whom. To what Place. Quantity.

Ounces. dwts.

Nov. 19. Moses Francia. Rotterdam. 4,099.

January 3. Old E. Ind. Company. India. 75,76o. 5.

10 - - - - Old Company. India. 155,429.

14 - - - - John Houblon. Do. 3.503- 10.

15 - - - - Peter Mayer. Do, 5,893.

27 - - - - Old Company. Do. 52,234.

28 - - - - Old Company. Do. 27,249. I©;

28 - - - - Old Company. Do. 86,167.

February 1. Edw. Collison. Do. 1,871.

3 - - - - John D. Costa. Rotterdam. 142.

12 - - - - Robert Willmot India. 2,759- 15i-

March 14. John D. Costa. Do. i,550.

1698. April 19. Old Company. Do. 44,549-

21 - - - - Hen. Trenwith. Do. 5,318.

May 5. Sir Ste. Evans. Rotterdam. 1,835-

April 19. Old Company. India. 50,227. 15-

May 16. Geo. Finch. Rotterdam. 5,044.

23 - - - - Peter Floyer. Do. 2,834.

30 - - - - Bank of England. Holland. 5,999-

June 23. Do. Do. 5,861.

23 - - - - Peter Floyer. Rotterdam. 8,111.

October 21. Robert Rigden. Do. 1,169.

25 - - - Old Company. India. 14,058.

December 10. Do. Dt». 28,265.

22 - - - - Old Company. India. 10,384.

January 12. Do. Do. 29,216. 5-

February 20. New Company. < Do. 5,454- -5-

Vol. 13.

i $2 270 Janua1699.

Time of Entry. 1698. By whom. To what Place. Quantity.

25 February. Old Company. India. Ounces. dwts. , 40,621. to.

May 4. David Penso. Rotterdam. 4,470.

July 29. Old Company. India. 21,177. 23,483-

31 - - - New Company. Do.

August 1. Tho. Goddard. Do. 637.

Decembers. Old Company. Do. 73,201. 7-

16 - - - - New Company. Do. 139.563-

20 - - - - Henry Burwell. Do. 9t7-

22 - - - . New Company. Do. 25,612.

January 2d. Do. Do. 6,309.

Total 967,174. 7-

Exported to India by Ounces, dwts*

The Old Company - - - 708,539 17

New Company - 200,421 5

Particular Persons - - - , - - - 18,649 5

To Holland, By particular Persons - -

Pieces of 8, and other Foreign Coin:

Exported to India by jForeign Coin.

The Old Company - - - - 2,628,814 10

New Company - 1,620,607

Particular Persons - - -.....- - - 747,532 10

4,996*945 o

By particular Persons, to several other Places - - - - - 347,711 15

5,344)656 15

Molten Silver in Bars, Ingots, &c.

Exported to India by The Old Company - - - - 70S,539 17

New Company - - - -.....200,421 5

Particular Persons - ----- -- - 18,649 5

927,610 7

To Holland by particular Persons.....- - - - 39,564

967,174 7t

Total - -.....- - - - 6*341,831 2

927,

39>564 o 967,174 7

Extracted out of the Bool$s remaining in the Secretary's Office.

Tho* Evans.

Custom-house, London, 27 January 1699.

Woollen Manufactures exported.

The said ACCOUNTS of the Woollen Manufactures, exported from the Port of ,from

Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas y8.

Quality.

Quantity.

Duty.

Bays double -

Bays single -

Bays small Minikin -

Coverlets Wool and Hair

Cottons Welsh plain

Cottons Northern -

Cloth long -

Cloth short -

Cloth Spanish -

Cloth in Remnants

Cloth Rashes.

Cloth List -

26,022

6,442

10,217

2,260

36,019 328,148 46.1 *3 16,057 11,462 70,295 239 14,50°

s. d.

I Pieces. 3,602 5 0

Pieces. 322 2 0

Pieces. 1,532 12 6

Pieces. 188 6 8

Goads. 45 0 5z

i Goads. 328 2 11

Pieces. 8,646 3 9

1 2 Pieces. 2,676 5 0

i Pieces. 1,273 12 i'i

L. 183 1 1*

i Pieces. 26 18 3

Yards. 1 1 9

11 W. Ill

2 70 Januarit

*53

Quality.

Quantity.

Duty.

Cloth Broad

Devon Doz. Doubles

Flannel

prize -

Hats Beavers

Hats Casters

Hats Felts -

Kerseys

Northern Doz. Doubles Do. Single r Penistons frized -Penistons unfrized Perpetuanas Ruggs Irish Says -

Serges - - ,

Stuffs Worsted Do. with Hair Do. with Silk Stockens Mens Worsted Do. Mens Woollen Do. Childs Woollen Do. Childs Worsted Waistcoats Woollen Do. Worsted

Total -

£. s. d.

14 Pieces. 2 12 6

26 Pieces. 0 17 4

244,547 £ Yards. 4,585 5 4

135,962 Yards. 3,399 1 0

468 Doz. 46 16 0

4,989 % Doz. 498 18 2

5,639 of Doz. 140 19 8

12,794 i Pieces. 710 19 3*

2,148 Pieces. 358 1 8

64 Pieces. 10 13 4

502 Pieces. 4i 16 8

177 Pieces. 7 7 6

1,527,332 L. 4,772 18 3

3,291 Pieces. 54 i? 0

187,327 L. 624 8 5*

462,036 L. 1,443 1.7 3

817,517 L. 3,4o6 6 5i

1,627 L. 5 8 5i

40,087 fL. 167 0 7i

53,2io 4-Doz. 1,100 6 3

5i,i34 44 Doz. 639 3 9

31,781 -r~ Doz. 134 8 5

3,173 Doz. 26 8 10i

2,238 72 Doz. -f Doz. Free Custom.

41,004 4 10

Exported from the Out Ports from Michaelmas 1697 to Michaelmas 1698.

Quality.

Bays double

Do. single -

Do. small Minikin

Do. coarse -

Cloth broad

Cloth long -

Cloth short -

Cloth Spanish

Cloth Rashs

Cloth Woollen -

Cottons Northern

Do. Welsh plain -

Northern Doz. Doubles

Do. single -

Devon Doz. Doubles -

Dunsters -

Hats Bevers

Hats Casters

Hats Felts -

Flannel -

Freze -

Kersies

Penistons frized -

Do. unfrized

Perpetuanas

Says -

Serges -

Stockens Mens Worsted

Do. Mens Woollen

Do. Childs Worsted

Do. Childs Woollen -

Stuffs Worsted

Do. with Silk

Do. with Hair

Linsey Woolsey -

Dorset Doz.

Cloth List -

Vol. 13.

Quantity. Duties.

£ s. d.

7,176 Pieces. 717 12 0

28,069 £ Pieces. 1,403 9 6

4 £ Pieces. 0 13 6

763 Pieces. 38 3 0

285 Pieces. 53 8 9

498 £ Pieces. 93 7 6

2,221 i Pieces. 370 5 6

210 *1: Pieces. 23 7 9

298 £ Pieces. 32 1 n

11,846 L. 30 16 11

53,648 Goads. 53 13 0

4,463 Goads. 5 11 3

2,707 Pieces. 45i 3 4

21,715 Pieces. 1,809 11 8

533 Pieces. 17 15 4

100 Pieces. 3 6 8

7 1 2

433 -A-Doz. 43 6 3

3,850 -I- Pieces. 96 5 0

20,254 Yards. 379 15 3

1,477 Yards. 36 18 6

54,144 Pieces. 6,016 0 0

288 Pieces. 24 0 0

275 Pieces. 11 9 2

2,166,408 L. 6,770 0 6

42,273 L. 140 18 2-r

249,254 L. 778 18 4t

4,639 -f Doz. 144 19 4t

8,053 T Doz. 100 13 4

73 Doz. 0 12 2

3,996 Doz. 16 13 0

324,575 L. 1,081 18 4

9,198 L. 38 6 6

293 L. 19 10 8

2,055 L. 6 17 0

172 Pieces. 8 10 6

25,394 Yards. 19 0 11

Quality

v

Dolphin

Ship.

Januarii.

' Quality. Quantity. Duties.

Coverfefs Wool and Hair - - - Worsted finds of Stiockens ----- - Ruggs Irish ----- - »3 5,7 6a 2,055 Pieces. Doz. Pieces. £. s. 0 6 96 0 34 5 d. il 8 0

Total London. Total of the Duties * Out rorfs. Total of the Duties - - 20,969 13 8

— " — - - 41,004 4 20,969 13 10 8

Total m - £ 61,9^3 18 6

Imports and Exports.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House* who are to cdhsider further of the Stfcte and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Sir G'dorge Rook, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, according to Order, presented to the blouse the Copies of the Orders for fitting out, and sailing, of the Ship Dolphin:

Attd the Titles thereof were read:

And the said Copies are as follow;

A Copy of an Order for fitting out the Ship Dolphin.

Admiralty Office, 29th June 98.

Gentlemen,

We do hereby desire and direct you to cause his Majesty's Step the Dolphin, at Portsmouth, to be, with all possible Dispatch, fitted out to Sea for a foreign Voyage, and manned With the lowest Complement of Men: And you are to order the Company of the said Ship to be borne and victualled aboard One of the Ships in ordinary at Portsmouth, during the Dolphins refitting. So we remain

Your affectionate Friends,

Ntny Board. II. Priest mart,

R. Rich,

J. KendtdL

A Copy of an Order for fitting out the Ship Dolphin.

Admiralty Office, 9°July 1698.

'Gentlemen,

We do hereby, desire and direct you to cause life Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, at Pm'tsmouth, to be, with all possible Dispatch, fitted out to Sea for a foreign Vbyage, manned with her lowdst Complement of Men, and victualled for Eight Months, of the same Species of Provisions as the Ships bound to the West Indies. So we remain.

Your affectionate Friends,

Navy Board. //. Priest man,

li. Rich,

G. Rooke.

A Copy bf an Order for putting the Officers and'Com-patiy of the Dolphin on board -some Ship in ordinary at Portsmouth, till they are paid oft*; and fitting the Dolphin for Sea; according to former Orders.

Admiralty Office, 18 July 1698.

Gentlemen,

Whereas We have lately granted a Commission for Captain Hunter to be Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin; we do hereby desire and direct you to cause Captain Humph. Bloftier, her late Commander, and all the Officers and Company belonging to the said Ship, excepting Captain Hdntcr, and the We mint Officers, and their allowed Servants, to be put aboard some One of

Will Culliford, Inspector General.

his Majesty's Ships in ordinary at Portsmouth, which you shall think most convenient, and borne there, both in Wages and Victuals, in the same manner as they were in the Dolphin, until they shall be paid off: And that the said Ship Dolphin be fitted for the Sea with all possible Dispatch, according to our late Orders to you. So we remain

Your affectionate Friends,

Navy Board. Orford,

R.Rich,

J. Houbbn.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vernon, dated the 16th January 1698, about Instructions for Captain Hunter.

The inclosed Request Of the Earl of Macclesfield having been laid before the King; his Majesty commands me to send the same to your Lordships; and to acquaint you with his Majesty's Pleasure, That Captain Hunter being designed to command his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, in the Discovery of a considerable Wreck in the West Indies, his Majesty woukl have you consider of such Instructions as may be proper to be given $0 the said Captain for the due Performance of his Service.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

Instructions to Captain Hunter, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Dolphin, upon the Discovery of Wrecks in the West Indies, proposed by the Gentlemen concerned in the said Wrecks.

After yoQ have received your Orders from the Right Honourable the Lords "Commissioners for executing the 'Office of Lord High Admiral, you are to make the ‘best of yo'Ur Way to Barbadoes; mid proceed from thence, with all Expedition. You are, in the First Place, to use 'the best of your Endeavours, to find out, and take up, such Wrecks as are contained and described in the^eral Papers you have left in the Hands of Samuel OYtwerse Esquire, for the Use and Benefit of all the Parties concerned; and afterwards such* other Wrecks as you shall receive Intelligence of, pursuant to our Indenture with Sir James Houblon, and Company, by virtue of Letters Patents to his Grace the Duke of Schonberg and Leinster, between Twelve Degrees South and Forty Degrees North Latitude.

You are "also, with the Consent of such Agent as we shall appoint, to contract with any Person or Persons for any new Discoveries within our due Limits, other than what is contained in your above mentioned Papers; and to allow him or them^uch n Share, not exceeding a Tenth Part, for such their Discovery, as you Two shall agree upon; which Share or Proportion, so contracted for between you Two and such Discoverer, is to be deducted out of the net Proceed of the sail Discovery.

You are to keep a true Journal of your Proceedings; and an exact Account of all Treasure, &c. by you to> be taken up; and to transmit the same to us, signed# by

yourself,

o

It W. III.

27° yanuariu

»5S

yourself, and attested by his Majesty's Agent and ours, from time to time, by all Opportunities.

You are also to go or send to the Island of Jamaica once in Two or Three Months, Wind and Weather permitting, there to inquire for and receive such further Orders and Directions as we, from time to time, shall send you; which you are punctually to observe, having a due Regard to the Orders of the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty; and also, by all Opportunities, to transmit us a true Account of all your Proceedings and Transactions relating to your Undertaking: And, in case of your Death, which God prevent, you are to leave all the Papers relating to this Undertaking with our Agent then on board you, the better to enable him to prosecute the said Undertaking, under the Command of such Persons as the said Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty shall appoint to succeed you.

You are not to inspect the Papers or Accounts of the Two Persons appointed Agents for the King, and the Persons concerned, without their Consent; and to permit them quietly to do their Business.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

A Copy of Instructions to Captain Hunter, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, 31 January 169J-.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Scotland, and Ireland, &c.

Whereas his Majesty hath been pleased to order, That the Ship Dolphin, under your Command, shall be fitted out for an Expedition to the West Indies, in order to the taking up several Wrecks, which are contained and described in the several Papers which you have left in the Hands of Samuel Traverse Esquire, for the Use and Benefit of the Parties concerned therein; as also such other Wrecks as you shall receive Intelligence of, pursuant to the Indentures between the said Persons, and Sir James Houblon, and Company, by virtue of Letters Patents to his Grace the Duke of Schonberg, between Twelve Degrees South and Forty Degrees North Latitude:

You are therefore hereby required and directed forthwith to proceed on this Service, with the Ship under your Command; and, with all possible Care and Diligence, put in Execution, as well the Instructions from the Persons concerned, hereunto annexed, as what further Orders and Instructions shall be given you, from time to time, by them, in the fishing for, recovering, and disposing of, all, or any Part, of the said Wrecks, as you shall recover, that so his Majesty's Share thereof may be demanded and received.

When you have done what you are able, in the Performance of this Service, you are to return, with the Ship you command, to England, calling in at Plymouth for Orders; and, if you find none there to the contrary, you are to make the best of your Way to the Downes, and remain there till further Order, giving us an Account of your Proceedings.

You are to receive on board the Ship you command, such Person as the Right Honourable the Lords of his Majesty's Treasury shall appoint to take Care of the King's Share of the Wrecks, which shall be recovered; as also such other Person as the Parties concerned in the said Wrecks shall appoint to look after and manage their Affairs; allowing them Victuals during the time they shall be aboard you, as to your Ship's Company, and bearing them as Supernumeraries on your Books.

You are, by all Opportunities you shall meet with, to send this Board an Account of your Proceedings; and, during the whole Term of the Voyage, you are to take particular Care not to annoy any o1 his Majesty's Ships, or those of his Allies, but rather tp give them what Assistance you can, without Hindrance or Prejudice to the Affair whereon you arc epiployed.

And, for the better lengthening out your Provision, you are to put the Men under your Command, when Vo.i. 13.

you come out of the Chanel, to Six to Four Mens Al-Iowance, assuring them, that they shall be punctually paid for the same at the End of the Voyage.

Dated at the Admiralty Office, the 31st of January

To Captain Collin Hunter, H. Pricslman,

Commander of his Ma- G. Roojce,

jesty's Ship Dolphin. II Houblon,

JKendall.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Vernon, dated the 30th of January 1698.

I have laid before his Majesty your Lordship's Letter of the 23d Instant, with the inclosed Copies of Instructions for the Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, as well from your Lordship, as from the Persons concerned in the Wrecks that are to be fished up; whereupon his Majesty hath commanded me to acquaint you,

That he approves of the said Instructions.

A true Copy,

J. Burchett.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of this House.

A Petition of the English Company trading to the old East East Indies was presented to the House, and read; setting India Comfort!), That the Petitioners are the greatest Part of the Pan>T % Subscribers intitled to the sole Trade to the East Indies, after a certain time, by virtue of an Act of Parliament for raising Two Millions upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities; and the Petitioners are accordingly incorporated:

That the Old East India Company were, by the said Act, to continue their Trade to India no longer than the 29th of September 1701; according to which limited Time, and the Power reserved by his Majesty in their Charter, his Majesty sent them Notice of their Determn nation: And the Consideration, that his Majesty had no Power to erect any other Company to trade to India with a Joint Stock but the One Company aforesaid, was tire Inducement for the Petitioners to make the said Loan:

That the Petitioners are informed, the Old East Iiulia Company have petitioned this House upon divers Suggestions for continuing them a Corporation for the Management of a Subscription of 315,000l. made by Mr.

John Dubois, in Trust for them: And that the House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, which is ordered a Second Reading: That the said Bill is directly contrary to the said Act of Parliament; destructive of the Petitioners Rights; and the erecting another Corporation, to trade with a Joint Stock, will be dishonourable and disadvantageous to the English Nation, and Interest in the East Indies, and other foreign Parts: And praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday Morning next, against the Bill for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies a Corporation, upon the Second Reading thereof:

And that the Counsel for the Old East India Company be heard, at the same time, for the said Bill.

A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves, on and many others, who advanced to his Majesty the Sum Stone, See. of 564,700 /. upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the 6th and 7th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Stone, Glass, Earthen Wares, Coals, and Culm, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France, impowering his Majesty to borrow' the said Sum, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, to encourage Persons to lend the said Money, there was a Clause in the said Act, Thai what should tall short to pay Principal and Interest by the said Fund, should be paid out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament:

That, the then next Session, the Duties on Stone, Glass,

15^ 27° — 2 9s

and Earthen Wares, were appropriated for establishing a national Land Bank, and the Duty on Coals was quite taken off, without the Petitioners Consent; which would have fully paid them; so that they were left without any Security: That the next Session, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, a Duty was laid upon Leather, for Three Years, for Payment of the Petitioners; and a Clause for transferring the Deficiency, to be made good out of the First Aids to be given by Parliament: That, in the 9th and 10th Years of the King, a Duty was laid on Coals and Culm again, for raising 500,000l.: And the Petitioners then, petitioned the House, That they might be restored to their First Security; but their Petition was not received: That the Duty on Leather has not paid off any Principal for above 12 Months past, and will expire the 20th of April next; whereby the Petitioners will not have any Fund for Repayment of their said Debt; wherein, they conceive, the Credit of the Nation is highly concerned; and praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration: And that they may be restored to their First Security; or that some other effectual Provision may be made for Repayment of their said just Debt, and Interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; to whom the Account of Deficiencies, not already provided for, is referred.

Woollen Ma- a Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Assistants, Gen-

nuiactures. tlemen. Merchants, Clothiers, Sergemakers, Weavers, Fullers, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the sole Dependence of the said Town, and Parts adjacent, is upon the Woollen Manufactures; which Trade is generally decayed by Exporting of Wool, and the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures in Flanders; occasioned by the great Duties on their Linens, and other their Manufactures imported hither: And praying the House to find some Expedient for redressing the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and, particularly, to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ditto. A Petition of the Clothiers, Weavers, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Bampton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of the Woollen Manufactory is, of late, very much decayed; and thereby many Thousand Persons, who used to maintain themselves, are reduced to Poverty; occasioned by the Exporting of Wool, and the Prohibition of the English Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, and the great Duties here on their Linens imported: And praying the Consideration of the House for redressing their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and, particularly, to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Exporting Sir Thomas Cook, according to Order, presented to the

Corn, &c. House a Bill for prolonging the Time for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch: And the same was received.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Order for Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

keeping clear House, and his Messengers, do take all Care possible to

Lobby, &c.

Januarii. A 1699.

keep the Lobby, and Passages, and Stairs of the House, clear from all loose, idle, and disorderly Persons.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Wren do open the little Little Pair Pair of Stairs to the House, lately closed up. £e

Ordered, That the Bill for cleansing, and making and Ouze keeping more navigable, the River Ouze, be read upon Navigation, Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a State of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade* State and Condition of the Trade of England; and, particularly, to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and, particularly, to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Encouraging and Hambon Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read Compan a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Lmice, 29* die Januarii;

110 Culielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers of Strozvdwater, Export and others of the County of Gloucester, was pre- Wool, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they conceive the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, for preventing the Exportation of Wool, were disabled from putting the same in Execution for want of a Fund to support the Charge of so great an Undertaking; but the said Commissioners, at the earnest Solicitation of the Petitioners, have, at their own Expence, done their utmost to put the Laws in Execution; and have made many considerable Seizures of Wool, and discovered many notorious Offenders; whereby the Petitioners are very sensible the Woollen Trade has received Advantage, and would receive a further Benefit, were the said Commissioners encouraged by a public Supply of a moderate Tax to be laid upon Wool, which the Petitioners w'ould willingly pay, if the House shall please to lay the same: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir Jacob Banks Knight, and Dame Avoi Mary his Wife, Lords of the Manor of Somcrford, con- 6atic tiguous to the Sea, near Christ Church, in the County of Southampton, and of the Freeholders, Tenants, Fishermen, and Inhabitants of the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Undertakers for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to Nezv Sarum, appointed by Act of Parliament made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the I Id, have not since been able to make the same navigable, to any Advantage to themselves, nor the

Country;

II W. III. 29* Januarii.i57

Country; but, on Pretence bf making the Haven below Christ Church better, they made a Cut from the Sea; whereby the Sand is brought in, and the Haven is much wbrse, and like to be choaked tip for want of the Current through its old Passage: They have also built a House, now an Alehouse, on the ancient Landing Place by the Haven, being the Waste of the said Manor, without any Leave or Satisfaction; and an Ejectment being brought for the same, by the then Lady of the Manor, the Undertakers procured some of their Commissioners to make h Dfecree for their enjoying the House, and also Two Acres of Land more adjoining, paying only 4d. per Annum \6 the Proprietors* although the same was of considerable Value to the Petitioners for several Uses; And the said new Cut hath occasioned the Lands of the said Manor to waste away more than formerly^ and spoiled a Fishing of considerable yearly Value to the Petitioners, and the Support of many poor Families: That the present Undertakers, being certain Persons in New Sarum, by Colour of some Orders made by some of the Commissioners, have demanded of the Petitioners unreasonable Duties for exporting and importing Goods at the Haven from the ancient Landing Place, to the great Hindrance of Trade at Somerjml; and have also laid many Fines for not cutting the Weeds in the said River; and, by many unjust Pretences, exact w'hat they can, finding the y are never like to make any Advantage by the Navigation; yet have obtained Leave to bring in a Bill for making the Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to NetoSai'um, more effectual; to enlarge the Undertakers Power on the said River, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners And praying the House to redress the Injuries done to the Petitioners, in such manner as shall be thought meet

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by the Committee thereupon.

Avob A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the

Navigation, of Effingham, near the River Avon, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Undertakers for making the River Jim navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the 16 and 17th Years of King Charles the I Id, have not been able to effect the same to any Advantage to themselves, or the Country; but have much injured many People by procuring great Fines to be laid on them for not cutting thtf Weeds in the said River, and many other causeless Pretences; and, for the more easy Recovery of such Fines, have brought a Bill into this House, upon Pretence of making the said River more navigable, and for inlarging the Powers of the former Act, which already have been very injurious to the Country: And praying, That the Petitioners maybe secured against all unreasonable Demands of the Undertakers; and that they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by the Committee thereupon.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Ring-wood, near the River Avon, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament'

made in the 16 and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the lid, for making navigable the River Avon from Christ Church to New Sarum, Undertakers were appointed to effect the same; which they have not yet done, to any Advantage to themselves, or the Country; whom they have hitherto very much injured by treading doVm the Ghiss, and spoiling the Ground near the River, without making any Satisfaction; and sometimes have gotten Decrees for their Land at an Under-value; and have procured Fines to be laid for not cutting the Weeds in the said River, though they were no Prejudice to the Undertakers, or any body else; by which, and many other causeless Pretences, the Act, which was designed to be for the Good of the Country, is converted to their Oppression; and there is a Biff in the House for making the Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, more effectual; the chief Design whereof being to inlarge the Power of the Undertakers, and for the more easy Recovery of such unjust Fines and Taxes as are or shall be laid by them, the Petitioners pray, That they may be secured, and heard against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w horn the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by the Committee thereupon.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Sophy, Ripley, and Avon, near Christ Church, and the River Avdn, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Undertakers for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sancm, by an Act made in the 16 and 17th Years of King Charles the I Id, have not been able to effect the same to any Advantage; but have made the Haven worse, and committed great Injuries to Land-owners near the said River, without making any Satisfaction; and the new Undertakers have procured the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution to lay several unreasonable Fines on the Petitioners, and others, for not cutting the Weeds, and keeping up ancient Weirs on the River, which are no Prejudice to the Navigation; and demand Duties for exporting and importing Goods at the ancient Haven below Christ Church, to the great Oppression of the Country; and the Undertakers, finding the y are like to have no other Benefit by the said Navigation, have procured Leave to bring a Biff into the House for making the Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, more effectual; the Design whereof is to impower them the more easily to recover their unreasonable Demands, and inlarge their Powers, that they may be more vexatious to the Petitioners, and the whole Country: And praying, That they may be secured against all Exactions of the Undertakers; and be heard to shew their Reasons against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by the Committee thereupon.

The House being informed, That the Deputy of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital attended at the Door;

He was called in: And, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Receipts and Payments made by John Evelyn Esquire, as Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

And then withdrew.

Vo l. 13.

S s The

Avon

Navigation.

Greenwich

Hospital.

8

19° Janu

A. 1699.

25 January 1699.

To Money received of the King in)

~ " 1695 5 2'

The Account was read;

Debtor. £ s- d-

OOOO

the Year 1696, due at Christmas

To more received by Subscriptions) > fend free Gifts, in the said Year 1G96 y

and is as followeth; viz.

Per Contra.

By Money monthly Books wich Hospital the Year 1096

Creditor, £. s. d.

915 18 7

3,416 O O

To more received in the Year 1697,) of the King, due at Christmas 1696 )

To more received by Money arising) by Seamen's Wages per Sixpence per? 3,334 *6 3

Month, in the said Year 1697 - -)

To more received by Subscriptions { and free Gifts, in the said Year 1697 J

6,836 16 3

By Money paid, as appears by the) R monthly Books ditto for the Year 1697) *9'

By more paid, as appears by the)

monthly Books ditto for the Year 16985 '* '

By more paid, as appears by the) monthly Books ditto for the Year ended? 12,022 o 2 at Christmas 1699 )

Total

Receipts 30,244 17 11

Payments 38,495 3 1

- 38,495 3 1

To more received by Money arising* by Seamens Wages ditto in the Year? 8,678 o 0 1698 - - - -j

To more received per Subscriptions) 8 a

and free Gifts, in the said Year 1698,) 5 7 4

Several French Merchants fined by*

Parliament 19,500l. of which received? 5,782 0 0 in Money -)

Balance

749 14 10

'14,967 8 4

Remained then in hand, in Million Lottery Tickets, 13,718/. payable in 12 Years, by 1,143/. 3 s- 4^- per Annum; viz. from Michaelmas 1699, to Michaelmas 1711. t

in 1699

To more received in 1699, per Subscriptions, §c. -y

To more received in the Year 1699,) in part of the Million Lottery Tickets j

Total

1 1,870 0 0

1,012 13 4

1,142 0 0

14,024 13 4

39.244 17 11

Due for Materials delivered, and for)

Work done at Greenwich Hospital, at? 9,865 0 o

Christmas 1699 " v

Remains in my Hands, in Million Lottery Tickets, Twelve thousand Five hundred Seventy-six Pounds, to be paid in Eleven Years,*.as on the other Side.

The whole Sixpences, arising by} m g Seamens Wages, amounts to mj

The Books, with the Vouchers and Tickets, are ready to be produced by

J. Evelyn, Tr.

Ordered, That the Account do lie upon the Table, to such Committees as are to sit in the Afternoons of the be perused by the Members of the House. Days upon which Committees shall be adjourned.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of A Petition of divers Yarn-makers, Combers, and others, Thomas Hopzcood Gentleman on Elizabeth his Wife, in concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the County of order to raise Portions for younger Children, and to pay Norfolk, on the behalf of themselves, and many Thousand Debts, was committed, That they had examined the Al-poor People, who have their Dependence on them, was legations thereof; and that all Parties concerned had given presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Consents to the same, to the Satisfaction of the said by the great Quantity of East India wrought Silks, Stuffs Committee: And that the Committee had made several mixed with Silk, Bengalis, and printed Callicoes, worn in Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to this Kingdom, the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture is report to the House; which he read in his Place; and very much prejudiced,>to the Impoverishing of the Peti- afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the tioners; and, unless some Restraint be laid upon those same were once read throughout; and then a Second Manufactures of India, far greater Quantities will be im- time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put ported, and worn in his Majesty's Dominions, to the Ruin thereupon, agreed unto by the House, of the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition ingrossed. be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom it of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging was referred to state the Incumbrances upon the Prisons and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom. of the King's Bench and Fleet, That they had examined

the Matter upon the Petition of George Moor, of London, Committees. Ordered, That the Order, touching Committees being Merchant, and stated his Debt; which they had directed adjourned at the Rising of the House, do extend only to him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

and

Importing

wrought

Silks, c\:c.

Hopwco

Marring

Settlemi

Kings and Fli Prison:

ii W. III. a90 Januarii. 159

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vizi

That the said George Moor recovered} £. s. d. Judgment against Mr. Lentha!y as in> 2,025 o 0 the former Report, for J

Of which Mr. Moor has since received, by virtue of an Elegil executed upon I

Mr. Lenthalfs Goods, and Estate, at r 0 '

Great Hasely in Oxfordshire - - - J

So there remains due to Mr. Moor - 1,745 *9 5

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table until the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances of the Kings Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; be read a Second time.

Trade to A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others,

Germany, concerned in and for the Woollen Manufactory in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Foreigners, having of late Years, been permitted to expoit the Woollen Manufactures upon equal Terms with English Merchants, have ! gotten the greatest Part of that Trade to Holland and

Flanders; and that Trade to Germany is in great Danger of falling into their Hands also, if some further Encouragement be not given to English Merchants to export our Woollen Manufactures thither, and thereby the Danger of their being debased by Foreigners, who export them almost wholly unmanufactured, may be prevented: And praying, That Provision may be made for encouraging his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to ex-| port our Woollen Manufactures to Germany, and keeping that Trade from falling into the I lands of Foreigners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Haynes, in Custody of the Ser-iPerson jeant Arms attending this House, for being the Occasion* for sion of writing a false and scandalous Letter, touching Marge. t|ie Charge of the Committee Rooms, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, having had great Losses in Trade, is utterly incapable to pay such Fees as may accrue upon his long Confinement; and that be is heartily sorry for having given any Offence to the House: And praying, That he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Haines be brought to the Bar upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of the Merchants and others, Traders and »ifrom Dealers in Wool, in and about the City and County of Exon, was presented to the blouse, and read; setting forth, That the Government of Ireland will not permit any Wopl to be loaden there, without paying to Mr. Tho. Put land, of Dublin, 21/. 5 s. for every thousand Stone of Wool exported thence into England; pretending the same is for Licence Money and Certificates; which is to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and contrary to an Act made the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of Ireland and England mto foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in this Kingdom: And praying the Relief of the House for preventing the like Abuses for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and state the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Mom-pemn, Mr. Colson, Mr. IIysham, Sir Roxvland Gwyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Tredtnham, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Claytony Sir Jacob Bancksy Mr. Lowthery Mr. Methwyn, Mr. England, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Hayes, Sir Barth. Shore, Mr. Hancock^ Mr. Yatesy Mr. Hughes, Mr. Vql, 13,

Boscawen, Mr. Dry den, Lord Fairfaxy Mr. Scobell, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Proby, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Low t her, Mr.

Dyot, Mr. Blqfeild, Sir Wm. Scazcen; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers:

And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and others, Traders and Exporting Dealers in Wool, in and about the Town of Barnstable, Wool from was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,. m J That, notwithstanding an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, ordering Licences to be taken from the Custom-houses in England to bring Wool hither from Ireland; yet the Government of Ireland will not permit any Wool to be loaden there, without paying 21/. 5.?. for every Thousand Stone of Wool exported thence into England; pretending such Imposition is for Licence Money and Certificates; which is contrary to Law, as the Petitioners are advised, who pay his Majesty's Customs in Ireland also: And praying, That the like Abuses may be prevented for the future, being very detrimental to the Petitioners in the Way of their Trades.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and state the same to the House.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of Ro- Sick and Chester in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, Wounded and many others, Inhabitants of the said City, and Seamen. Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners chearfully underwent the Difficulties of the late War, and gave Quarters to many Thousands of sick and wounded Seamen; which caused the Petitioners to run in Debt for their Supply; and for which many Suits have been brought against them, although there is near 10,000l. due to them from the Government; for want of which the Petitioners are very much prejudiced in their Trade and Credit: That the last Payment was made them in blank Malt Tickets; which, by reason of the great Discount upon them, they cannot pass away, without a much greater Loss than the Petitioners can bear: And praying the House to take their / Necessities into Consideration, and to relieve them as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing the Highways Sevenokes from Sevenokes to Tonbridge in the County of Kent be Roads, read upon Wedtiesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for cleansing, and making and Ouze Navi-keeping more navigable, the River Ouze, be read upon gation. Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn Siderfin's and Sir Richard IIolford: Kstaie.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Exton, and other Lands, in the County of Somersett, late the Estate of Thomas Siderjin Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances King's Bench on the King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the Prison, said Prison; be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for paying off the Incum- Fleet Prison, brances on the Fleet Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; be read, a Second time upon Wedtiesday Morning next

A Complaint

No Money to be demanded of Persons summoned.

Fe£6 ot* Officers of the House.

Dalham, &c. Manors.

Taylor's Petition.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

State of Trade.

Old Last India Company.

160 29° — 30°

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Messengers belonging to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House had demanded Money of several Persons summoned by them to attend Committees;

Declared, That no Person summoned to attend the House, or Committees* as Witnesses, ought to pay any tiling for their being so summoned.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and settle the Fees to be taken by all the Officers and Servants of the House; and to examine what Salaries or Allowances they have from the Government; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Ha?xie, Sir Rowland Gzvyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lvwther, Mr. Gzvyn, Air, Freke, Mr. Moor, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Scobell, Mr. North more, Mr. Manat on, Sir Edzv. Hussey, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Hare, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Harcourt, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Mr. Fleming,. Mr. Blaake, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Clark, Mr. Harley, Mr. England, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Machell, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jo. Pack-ington, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Molineux, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Shackerly; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Rowland Gzvyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Sale of the Manors of Dalham cum Dunstall, and Abbotts, in Denham in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Catherine Taylor, the late Widow of William Rutter, who was hanged by the East India Company at St. Helena, in behalf of herself, and Four Children, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, and be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards and Garisons; and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen; and for other necessary Occasions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom; the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom, a further Duty be laid upon all wrought Silks and Stuffs, and painted and stained Callicoes, from East India.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for further encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom, all Duties upon Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures be taken off.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the skid Report be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Second Reading the Bill for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation, and the hearing the Counsel thereupon, be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Januarii. At 1699.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frctncklyn D'Harcouru, and Sir Robert Legat'd: &c* at*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act fot* the Naturalization of Oliver D'Harcourt, and others:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of *rlsh *or‘ the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and In- Clture* terests in Ireland-, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 16S8; to the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit kgain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenhill and Mr. Brotherton be Insolvent added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Debtors* poor Prisoners in the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

Mercuriiy 31° die Januarii; n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

R D E R E D, That the Consideration of the several ilalf-paj Petitions relating to Half-pay, which have been presented to the House, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Papers relating to Half-pay are referred.

A Petition of William Lenthall Esquire, was presented King'sl to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Prison- Bill depending in this House, for paying of the Incumbrances on the Kings Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; wherein there is a Debt pretended to be due from the Petitioner to the Earl of Radnor, of 20,1401, against which the Petitioner hath many Reasons to offer, that there is not so much due, by 8,0001, at least, if truly stated: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, what he hath to object against so great a Sum, wherewith he is so charged; and that the Petitioner may not be divested of his Inheritance upon the Suggestions in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. White, according to Order, presented to the House Jacob) a Bill for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, William Brozvn, &c* and Sarah Haskins/lies: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City Avon of Neiv Sarum was presented to the House, and read; &'dLlu setting forth, That by Act of Parliament, made in the 16 and 17 th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to Nezv Sarum, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, of England, had Power to appoint, by Commission, such Persons as he should think fit, to be Undertakers to carry on the said Navigation; and accordingly Commissions have issued, and the Right and Title of the said Undertaking is come unto the Persons named in the

Bill

11 W. IIL X\° Januariu 161

Bill depending in this House, for miking the Act, for ! making the River Avon from Christ Church to the City of

NewSantm navigable, more effectual; but, by reason of some Defects in the former Act, the said Navigation hath been retarded, though brought to some Perfection; on the finishing whereof the Trade of the said City doth greatly depend: And praying, That the said Bill may pass, being for a publick Good, and no Disadvantage to any Person whatsoever.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Council, before the said Committee, thereupon.

town A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-

to^tion. mel^ an(j Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Ford-ingbridge, near the River Avon, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That although Undertakers were appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the 16 and 17th of King Charles the Second, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum; yet they have not effected the same, nor are ever like to do it; but have done Abundance of Damage to the Persons whose Lands lie near the said River, without making them Satisfaction; and also pretend to lay Fines on Persons, on divers causeless Pretences, designing, by such unjust means, to exact what they can from the Country, finding the y are like to make no Advantage any other Way by the Navigation; whereby the said Act is become oppressive to the Country; and, the better to recover such unreasonable Fines, they would, by a Bill depending in the House, for making the Act, for making the River Avon . navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum, more effectual, be impowered further to be troublesome to the Country: And praying, That they may be secured against all Injuries and Demands of the Undertakers, and be heard against passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon,

feto. A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the d Parish of Ibsly, near the River Avon, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act of Parliament was made in the 16 and 17th Years of King Charles the Second, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, by Undertakers for that Purpose, who have not since been able to effect the same, or do any manner of Good therein, nor are ever like to do it; but have done a great many Injuries to those who have Lands near the said River, by treading down their Grass, and spoiling their Grounds, without any Satisfaction; and have laid, and demand, many unreasonable Fines and Amercements for not cutting the Weeds in the River, though they are no Prejudice to the Undertakers, or any body else; and, by many other causeless Pretences, they oppress the Country, designing to exact what they can by such unjust Means, finding the y are like to make no Advantage any other ways by the said Navigation: That there is a Bill in this House for making the said Act more effectual; which is designed only to enable the Undertakers to recover their unjust Demands more easily, and to give them further Powers on the said River; which already hath been extended to the Wrong of many People: And praying, That the Petitioners may be secured against all Demands of the said Undertakers, and be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of several Traders, Masters of Vessels, and Mariners, in and near Christ Church, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Vol. 13.

Setting forth, That, Time out of Mind, there has been a small Creek or Haven below the said Town, to which Three or Four small Vessels of the Petitioners, and others* belonged, for carrying Corn, and other Commodities* for the Use of the Country thereabouts, where they used a Place in Somerford Manor, by the Haven, for lading and unlading Goods; but now a small Key and Alehouse is built thereon, by Undertakers for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the 16 and 17th Years of King Charles the Second's Reign; who have also made a new Cut from the Sea to the said Haven, with Design, as pretended, to make a new and better Haven; but the Undertakers, finding the Work impossible, left the same off, and made the Haven worse, and more dangerous Passage by the new Cut, whereby the Sand is brought in, and the Haven like to be utterly spoiled for want of the Current through the Old Passage; and the Petitioners have received no manner of Advantage by what the Undertakers have done; yet they, by Colour of Orders made by their Commissioners, demand, and have sued the Petitioners for, great Duties and Fines for using the said Haven, and for not cutting the Weeds in the said River, although the Petitioners conceive it was not intended, that the Undertakers Power, by the said Act, should extend below Christ Church, where the River was navigable before: That the Bill in the House, for making the said Act more effectual, is only to enable the Undertakers to recover such their unjust Taxations, and to give them a further Power, than they had before by the said former Act: And praying, That they may be relieved against all Fines and Demands of the Undertakers, and be heard against passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petitioni be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Bill for the erecting a Judicature to relieve poor Judicature Officers and Soldiers, touching their Pay detained from for Relief of them, and other Injuries complained of, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thursby,

Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Dyot, Mr. England\

Mr. Blofcild, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pelhami Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hughes,

Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Campion, Mr. Hayes, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hamond, ‘ Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Yates, Mr. Or me, Sir Tho. JVagstaffe, Sir Theop. Ogle-thorp, Mr. Fleming, Sir Robert Eden, Sir JYm. Ashurst,

Sir Jo. Packington, Sir JVm. Cook, Colonel Drake, Mr.

England, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. John Haynes was, according to Order, brought to a Person the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri- reprimanded

mand from Mr. Speaker. charged

Ordered, That the said Mr. Haines be discharged out c arge of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dover whom the Petition of the Commissioners for the Repair Harbour, of Dover Harbour was referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for cleansing, making, and keeping more navi- Ouze gable, the River Ouze, was read the First time. Navigation.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Edward Mansell, of Hen-L/ys, in the Mansell'* County of Glamorgan, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Estate, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioner's Father, upon the Marriage of the Petitioners, did settle upon them, and their Heirs, in Tail Male, the Rectories impropriate of Llanridian and Penrice; and, for want of Issue Male, in Trust to raise Two thousand Pounds for Daughters Portions: That the T t Father

Lark

Navigation,

Ditto.

Passage from Chancery-lane to Lincoln's Inn Fields.

r6V 31 0 Januarii.A. 1699.

Father was also seised of the Manor of Hcn~Lly$, which was not settled upon the said Marriage; and, about Five ' Years since, died, leaving the same subject to a Debt of ' above Three thousand Pounds; as also a Charge by the said Deed of Two thousand Pounds, for the Petitioners Daughter or Daughters: That the Petitioners have only

r n 0 u

a Son and Daughter, and are desirous to pay and secure the said Debt and Portion with the most Ease and Conveniency to the Family: Therefore they pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Rectories of JAanvidian and Penrice, for Payment of the said Debt and Portion; and, in lieu thereof, to settle the Manor, of Tlen-Llys, and other Lands, of equal Value,

and more convenient, to the same Uses, as the said Rec-. tories were settled by the said Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Price and Sir Eduard St nulling do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for making the River Larky alias Burn, navi-. gable, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert D avers, Sir Wm. Cost wick, Mr. Harvey, Lord E (heard Russel, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. White, Mr. Bertie* Mr. Ila-mond, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harley, Mr. England, Lord Chaiie, Sir Richard Temple, Lord Downes, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fox, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Mounsteven, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Gerard\ Sir Rushout Cullen, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Sand ford, Mr. Eyres, Mr Tredenham, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Milbank, Sir. Mitchell, Mr. Isham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Campion, Mr. Dryden, Mr. England, Mr. Proby, Sir. Hughes, Mr. Rayner; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Petition of the Capital Burgesses of Wisbeech, Jus* tices of Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and other chief Inhabitants and Freeholders of the Towns of Wisbeech, Newton, Leverington, Tyd, St. Giles, Elmc, Upwen, Out-well, Guy' Horne, Parson. Drove, and Mur raw, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Towns, and Country adjacent, for above Ten Miles Compass, for the most Part, consists of Pasture, Marsh, and Fen Lands, the Produce whereof is mostly for feeding of Cattle, Butter, Cheese, and Summer Crops of Oats; and they being supplied with Wheat, Rye, and Malt, from other Countries, especially from St. Edmund's-bury, and the Parts of Suffolk adjoining, by way of Return, for want of Navigation to and from thence, their interchangeable Supply becomes very chargeable, and, in Winter Time, by Badness of the Way, impracticable: And praying the Consideration of the House therein, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Lark, alias Burn, navigable, may pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition; and also of the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough and Port of Lyn Regis in the County of Norfolk, which lies on the Table; be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of several Inhabitants in and about Lincolns Inn, TJncobis Inn Fields, Chancery Lane, and the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Passage, called Jackanapes Alleij, leading from the City of London through Chancery Lane to Lincolns Inn Fields, and Places adjacent, is a Thoroughfare of great Resort and Use, and, by daily Experience, found to be inconvenient, and dangerous to all Persons passing that Way: And though an Act of Parliament was made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of

King Charles the Second, to redress the same; yet, by reason no Provision was therein made to purchase Ground for another Passage, the old Passage still remains a Nuisance: But there are some old Buildings situate between the Sun Coffee House Passage and the Six Clerks Office, which the Proprietors are willing to sell at reasonable Rates, for making a convenient Passage, and which w ould afford Convenience for a double Row of Carts and Coaches to pass at once between Chancery Lane and the said Fields, and Places adjacent: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery Lane into Lincolns Inn Fields, and Places' adjacent, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

*Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Motion That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Stephens, J*liinkir for the Sermon preached by him Yesterday before them his beT at St. Margaret's, Westminster;

It passed in the Negative. Neg.

Resolved, That, for the future, no Person be recom- Recom mended to preach before this House, who is under the *tion 0 Dignity of a Dean in the Church, or hath not taken his Degree of Doctor of Divinity. House,

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Wigan Privileges and Elections, the Resolution of the said Com- £l*ctw mittee, touching the Petitions relating to the Election for the Borough of Wigan in the County of Lancaster; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table": Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petition of Sir Alexander Rigby, presented to the House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching the late Election for the Borough of Wigan in the County of Lancaster, is not the same in Substance with the Petition from the said Sir Alexander Rigby, presented to the House of Commons last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Sir Alexander Rigby, presented to the House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching the late Election for the Borough of Wigan in the County of Lancaster, is not the same in Substance with the Petition from the said Sir Alexander Rigby, presented to the House of Commons last Sessions of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do not proceed any further upon the said Petition touching the said Election.

Ordered, That the Bill for paying oft' the Incumbrances Kir on the King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the 1>n said Prison; be read a Second time upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Mr. Traverse, according to Order, presented to the Gr House Copies of several Petitions and Reports relating to tk< Grants, made the last Year: And the Titles thereof were read.

They are in several Bundles.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn- st ed Consideration of Monday last, of the Report from the Tr Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the encourage-ing and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And

ii W. III. 3!° Januarii — 1 ° Februarii.

their Recovery; others, wholly disabled, are so used; and others, by unexpected Accidents when on Shore, have been left by their Ships, and come to their Friends fofr Relief, for which they are made Run; by which, and less Reasons, the Seamen, though many now in the Service, have been marked as Deserters, and debarred from their Pay, to the utter Ruin of themselves and Families; wherein they have hitherto been remediless: And praying, That some speedy Means may be exhibited, whereby the Q's and R's may be taken off*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, to whom other Petitions relating to Q's and R's are referred.

And the First Resolution of the said Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the said Resolution, by leaving out " a further Duty to be laid " upon and inserting, at the End thereof, " be prohibited being worn in England. "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, for the encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom, all wrought Silks and Stuff's, and painted and stained Callicoes, from East India, be prohibited being worn in England.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, " and Fees

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, for further encouraging and improving the Manufactures of this Kingdom, all Duties upon Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures be taken off.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said First Resolution: And that Mr. Pelham, Mr. Blojeild, Sir Richard Onslow, and Mr. Mountague, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Second Resolution: And that the same Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Exporting Ordered, That the Bill for prolonging the Time for

Com,&c. prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, be read Tomorrow, after the hearing of Counsel at the Bar upon the Bill for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation.

Canmitte®. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Expiring Ordered, That Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Cha. Tur-

k*1, ner, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bertie, Sir fVm. Blackett, Sir John Tamer, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider what Laws are expired, and near expiring, and fit to be continued.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight.a Clock.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Hamborough Council, Merchants, principal Inhabitants, and others, Company* the most considerable Traders in the Woollen Manufactures in and about the Borough of Plimouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners finding, by the Votes of this House, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the supporting the Hamborough Company, they beg Leave to represent, That Experience demonstrates, that the Woollen Manufacture Trade, when attended with Freedom^ disfuseth itself through all the Markets of Europe-, for which Reason this House hath justly discouraged Monopolies; and the Petitioners have found, w hilst the Trade hath been unconfined, that many Buyers have occasioned such a current Price, and speedy Payment, as hath enabled them not only to support their own Families, and employ great numbers of the Poor, but also great. . to increase his Majesty's Revenue: And praying, that the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures may remain unconstrained, and free from obliging the private Interest of the Hamborough Company only.

Ordard, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Ditto. Fullers, and others, the most considerable Traders in the Woollen Manufactures in and about the Town of Bidde-ford, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That this House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners crave Leave to represent, That the Trade in the Woollen Manufacture of England does best diffuse itself through all the Markets of Europe when it is free and unconfmed, as Experience has shew n; the Multiplicity of Buyers having caused speedy Payments for their Commodities, and enabled the Petitioners to maintain their own Families, and keep the Poor at Work: And praying.

That the said Trade may remain unconstrained; and free from the private Interest of the said Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Jovis, 1° die Februarii; ii# Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Half-pay. f \ RDE RED, That Sir Richard Cocks, Lord Corn-

bury, Sir John Packington, Mr. Dore, Sir Edzcard Hussey, be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to the Half-pay.

kametft A Petition of several Seamen's Widows, and others, in

Arr«ars. behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many of the Petitioners have, for several Yearsrbeen Supplicants to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, for taking off Q's and R's on Seamens Wages; some being queried w^hen they were put sick on Shore, and the Ship where to they belonged sailed before Vol. 13.

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the Vandertyde't Bill to naturalize Francis Vandertyde was committed, That Nat* they had made several Amendments to the Bill; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pierpoint, according to Order, presented to the Beer and Ale House a Bill for ascertaining the Measures for retailing Measures. Ale and Beer.

And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered

0

»*< -

164

Februarii.

A. 1699.

Sudbury

Writ,

Deal Waterworks

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Samuel Kedcwich Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for supplying the Town of Deal with fresh Water.

4nd the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Warrants for Mr. Lortvndes presented to the House, according to Grants. Order, several Warrants for Grants made the last Year, being many.

Ordered, That the said Warrants do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Hopicood Gentleman on Elizabeth his Wife, in qttler to raise Portions for younger Children, and to, pay Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Hopwood Gentleman on Elizabeth his Wife, in order to raise Portions for younger Children, and to pay Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Edtcardtiarley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Hopwood's

Marriage

Settlement.

Charters.

Sevenoakei

Roads.

Tonbridge

Highway

Rates.

Dalham, &c. Manor.

Leave of Absence.

Avon

Navigation.

Papists Protestant H^irs.

Mr4. Foley acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee appointed to examine all the Proceedings relating to Charters, and what new Charters have been granted during this Reign, to move the House, That an humble Address may be made to his Majesty, That the Clerk of the Council may lay before the House an Account of all Petitions and Proceedings before the Council, relating to all Charters that have been granted, during his Majesty's Reign, to Corporations that send Members to Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That the Clerk of the Council may lay before this House an Account of all Petitions. and Proceedings before the Council, relating to all Charters that have been granted, during his Majesty's Reign, to Corporations that send Members to Parliament.

A Bill for repairing the Highways from Sevenoakes to Tunbridge, in the County of Kent, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Rates to the Highways for the Parish of Tonbridge for the Two last Years; and how much hath been expended in Repairing the Highways those Two Years.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Sale of the Manors of Dalham cum Dunstall, and Abbotts in Denham, in the County of Suffolk, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sacheverell have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the fofmer Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to Salisbury, more effectual, is committed, have Power to receive Clauses for the cleansing the Streets and Watercourses, and repairing the Bridges, in and about Salisbury.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for hindering Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a Westminster Court of Conscience with the City of Westminster, and Smail Dehtl* Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the greater Ease of Sheriffs Ease of in Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts, SJierjfis-be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bishop's Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the £^estlen Borough of Bishop's Castle, be made upon Saturday ectlom Morning next.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for main- Supply Bill; taining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons; and Lund T"x towards paying the Debts due to Seamen; and for other forfeit necessary Occasions; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues be> longing to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do join both the said Bills together.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Pow?er to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That Mr. Hare have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Verney have Leave to go into the Country, for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Justices 0! ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole Qu; House, to consider of the Bill for qualifying Justices of hcation* the Peace.

Sir George Rook, from the Lords Commissioners of Seamen's the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, pre- Arrears* sented to the House their Report touching the Q's and R's; and also touching the Blackwell-hall Sloop: And the same are as follow; viz.

The Report about Q's and R's.

The Honourable House of Commons having been pleased to refer unto such of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, as are Members of the said House, Two Petitions, presented unto them, relating to the Q's and R's put on Seamen for deserting his Majesty's Service, in order to our considering thereof, and reporting their Case; we have, in pursuance thereof, taken the same into Consideration; and do report as follows:

As to the R's;

That it hath been the Practice of the Navy, Time out of Mind, for the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships to make Men Run, who desert the Service; and that not only the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, but likewise all the Clerks of the Cheque, and Muster-masters of the Navy, have, in all Times past, been obliged thereto by their Instructions; by which Desertions all their Wages, as w>ell for Ships they have served in formerly, so far as the same could be discovered, as for the Ships they left, have been ever reckoned to be forfeited to his Majesty; and the utmost Care injoined by the Lord High Admiral, upon all Officers concerned, to exact the same, for deterring the Seamen from leaving his Majesty's Ship's,

7 and

II W. III. i° Februariu 165

and thereby disabling them for Service by such their the Discipline of the Navy may be supported: But, as Seamen^ Desertion. x to the Increase of the Debts by such a general Order, Arrears;

In pursuance whereof, a strict Observance of the said the Sea Books are so numerous and voluminous, that no Rules hath not only been exacted from the said Com- certain Account can be given thereof; but, by the manders, Clerks of the Cheque, and Muster-masters, but Numbers of Qs and R's appearing in the said Books, also from the Clerks of the Ticket Office, who have the the Wages of the said Men must needs amount to a very Inspection of the Sea Books; by which great Sums of great Sum;

Money have been saved to his Majesty, and many Thou- Besides the general Exclamation against Q's and R's, sands of Seamen, we? believe, kept in the Service. we find One particular Rule complained of as a Hardship;

A9 to the Q's: and that is, The Forfeiture of Wages of former, as well

They were established by an Order from the Lords as the last Ships, they belonged to: But this, as is already Commissioners of the Admiralty of the 23d of March said, is a Custom as ancient as R's themselves; and the 1690, upon some Proposals presented to their Lordships Columns in the Sea Books, of whence they came, and by a Council of War held at Chatham, by the Flag whither discharged, it is presumed, were inserted for Officers, and Commanders of his Majesty's Fleet, for enabling the Clerks of the Ticket Office to trace Men's obliging the Seamen, when put sick on Shore, to return Names from Ship to Ship, in order to make the said into the Service when recovered; by which Orders Pro- Savings to his Majesty; and the said Practice being so vision was made for the Benefit of the Seamen, as well as ancient, none can be unacquainted with it, at least none the Service; since which Establishment such Men as that credit the Seamen, or deal in Tickets, nor conse-have been put sick on Shore, and did not return to their questly surprised in any Concerns with them.

Ships upon Recovery, or to some other of his Majesty's And, as the Seamen's Tickets were never esteemed as Ships, have been esteemed as Deserters. the King's Bonds, or Bills of Exchange, as some Men

It is true, numerous Complaints are made by Petitions allege, or any more than Certificates from the Com-for Relief in both; and therefore several Clerks are, and manders and Officers of the Ships, of the times of their have been for some Years past, constantly employed in Service, so they were always subject to the Casualties the Navy Office, to examine and state their Cases from before mentioned; and it is a Question, as we are informed, the Sea Books, fyc.: and the Navy Board do meet Two or by the Solicitor to the Offices of the Admiralty and Three times a Week, or oftener, if Occasion do require it, Navy, among the Lawyers, Whether the Assignments of to consider and answer the said Petitions: Which Business them are good in Law.

is carried on not only with all possible Dispatch, but also Yet it cannot be denied, but if the ancient Method of with as much Tenderness to the Seamen, as their Cases the Navy could have been observed in the late War, of will admit of; it being impossible, whatever may be sug- paying oft' the great Ships every Year, and the small gested by slanderous Tongues, for any Advantage to arise ones at the End of every Voyage, or wffien they came in to any body by a contrary Proceeding. for any considerable Reparation, and of clearing the ir

All Persons are relieved, who can, by credible Tes- Books at their Payments, which, for want of Money, timony, make it appear, That their leaving his Majesty's could not be done; and leaving no Recalls; and if the Ships was not with an Intention to desert them. turning over Men so frequently could have been avoided,

In R's, such as were on Shore by Leave, and were and the Practice of lending of Men, which is much imprest for other Ships: worse, had not been introduced; there would not have

Taken sick, and left behind their Ships; and when re- been such Numbers of Seamen under these Circum-covered either did, or offered to, return to the Service: stances.

Left behind by the sudden sailing of their Ships; and Nevertheless, if Men will leave the Service when they cither did, or offered to, return to the Service again in know they are to forfeit their Wages for former Ships, as any reasonable time: well as for the Ships they desert, it is to be doubted, the

Arrested in Actions of Debt, and, by that means, left Wages of the last will not keep them; especially when behind their Ships, &;c. they can benefit themselves in Merchants Service, as will

In Q's, such as, after Recovery, entered themselves on always be the Case in time of War; and, when the Wages board any of his Majesty's Ship's: of One Ship exceeds the Wages of Two, or Three, of

Died in sick Quarters, Hospitals, or Hospital Ships: more, there is no Difference.

Have been wounded or hurt, and received Pensions or Having thus set down what has been, and is, the Smart-money for the same: Practice of the Navy, with relation to Q's and Rs,

Continued Six Months or upwards in sick Quarters, or it is humbly submitted to the W isdom and Con*

Hospitals, or have been discharged thence incurable: sideration of this Honourable House.

The Commanders have discharged by Ticket, Sick,

Lame, Blind, Infirm, or otherwise unfit for his Majesty's The said Report about the Blackzvdl-hall Sloop. Blackwell-

Service: The Honourable House of Commons having referred; hall Shop.

Have been imprest from sick Quarters before reco* unto such of the Commissioners of the Admiralty as are vered; and any other Case shewing their Absence to be Members of the House, a Petition of the Owners of the involuntary, and to happen from some extraordinary Bladenell-hall Sloop, commanded by Mr. John Edzcards,

Occasion. complaining, That the said Sloop was set forth and

A general Order for taking off all Qs and Rs, at manned for preventing the Exportation of Wool; but

tmee, we therefore take to be the Prayer of these Peti- that she is appointed for other Service, and her Men tions; and we must confess that will ease the Navy reduced; we have considered thereof and do report the Office of the most clamorous and troublesome Business Fact to be as follows; viz.

that belongs to it: But how far the Service of the King That, on the First of June 1690, his Majesty's Plea-and Kingdom would be affected thereby, as to the Disci- sure was signified to the Lords Commissioners of the piineof the Navy, and Increase of the Debt, is what is Admiralty, by Mr. Secretary Vernon, That the aforesaid to be considered. Sloop, and her Master, should be employed at the Charge

Indeed, as to the Discipline, by an Act of Parliament of the Navy, in Consideration of the Service her said of the 13th of King Charles the I Id, intituled, An Act Master had done, in discovering the Enemies of the for the Establishing Articles and Orders for the llegu- Government.

lating, and better Governing, his Majesty's Navies, Ships Pursuant whereunto, the Navy Board were directed to of War, and Forces by Sea, Article the 17th, all Sea man the aforesaid Sloop with Thirty Men, and to victual

Captains, Officers, or Mariners, that shall desert the her for Three Months, in order to her being employed

Service, or their Employment in the Ships, or shall run on the Coast of Ireland, as One of the Vessels appointed away, or entice any others so to do, are to be punished by Act of Parliament to prevent the Exportation of with Death; so that, by nutting the said Act in Execution, Wool.

Vox* 13. . Uu Bui

Grants from the Crown.

Old East India Company.

Exporting Corn, &c.

Committefi.

Ry*

Harbour.

166 i° — 2° Fe 1699.

But Mr. Edzvards came to the Board, and acquainted them, That his Vessel was not fit to cruise on that Coast.

Whereupon the Board did resolve to employ her as a Tender on the Fleet, in regard Mr. Edwards could not be gratified in her cruising on the Coast of Sussex; those Vessels being, by Act of Parliament, appointed and employed by the Commissioners of the Customs; and therefore Orders were given for reducing her Men to the Number of Ten: But upon Mr. Edwards's Representation, That he should be exposed to the Danger of the French Coasters, it was, in August last, determined, that she should have Twelve Men.

And the 13th of September following* Mr. Edwards was directed to repair with her to the Downes, and follow Sir Cloudsly Shovel! s Orders.

But both Sir Cloudsly Skovell and Captain Fairborne,

who commanded in Chief at Spithead' have since represented the aforesaid Sloop to be an unserviceable Vessel.

Which being the Case, and the said Sloop notwithstanding being still continued in Pay, it is humbly submitted to the Consideration of this Honourable House.

Ordered, That the said Report touching Q's and R s be read, and taken into Consideration, upon this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That the said Report touching the Blackwell-hall Sloop do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Trustees for the Fee-farm Rents do lay before this House an Account of all the Fee-farm Rents, Quit-rents, and Lease-rents, that have been granted since his Majesty's Accession to the Crown; with the Contracts themselves, and the Considerations upon which they were granted.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation, were called in:

And the Bill was, according to Order, read the Second time:

And the Petition against the Bill was also read:

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard at the Bar. And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Majesty's Ships, and Merchant Ships, in time of War, but from the Danger of the Seas, in Stress of Weather, in the time of Peace; and is the only Harbour on that Coast for several Leagues; but the same is now so choaked up, that no Vessel of any Burden dare venture in without Danger of being lost: And praying, That some Course may be taken for cleansing the said Harbour; which will be of great Benefit to the Shipping and Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Rye is referred.

A Petition of Colonel Tarence Mogratli w as presented Half-pay. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, by Order of the Lord Gallway, who was Envoy and General of his Majesty's Forces in the Duke of Savoys Service, raised a Battalion at his own Charges, which he commanded, and quitted, when the said Duke left the Confederacy, and came with the Duke's Letters of Recommendation to his Majesty, then in Flanders, where the Petitioner served as a Volunteer, to his great Expence:

And praying, That he may be added to the List of the Officers in Half-pay, in Consideration of his said Service and Expence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Papers relating to Half-pay are referred.

A Petition of the Goldsmiths, and others employed in Assaying € the Silver Manufacture, within the several Boroughs and Plate, Market Towns of Honiton, Chard, and Creivkerne, within the Counties of Devon and Somerset, and other adjacent Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are rendered uncapable of exercising their Trades, by reason of a Clause in a late Act of Parliament, requiring the Mark Britannia to be set on their Plate, which by Law they are not able to set or procure, without an Expence beyond what they can make by Sale thereof: And praying, That the said Clause may be repealed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Goldsmiths of Exeter is referred.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Taylors That the Petition of Catharine Taylor, the late Widow of Petition. William Rutter, who w'as hanged by the East India Company at St. Helena, in behalf of herself, and Four of her Children, be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for prolonging the Time for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, be read Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 2* die Februarii; nc Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

pHJLIP James de la Combe de Vaigne, and Michael

fuses, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Hastings, in Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, till of late Years, the Port of Rye was a very good Harbour, not only for his

A Bill for the Sale of the Manors of Dalham cum Dalham, Dunstall, and Abbotts, in Denham, in the County of Manors. Suffolk, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of Paul Margaret, late Surgeon to his Half-pay Majesty's Royal Regiment of Horse, commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was reduced, with the rest of the Surgeons in the Army, pursuant to his Majesty's Orders of the 1st of August 1G98, w hen the Petitioner w*as eldest Surgeon in the eldest English Regiment, and had served 20 Years; and though Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates, were allowed to the Regiments of Foot contained in the Proclamation for ascertaining the 7,000 Men: That the Petitioner established the Hospital at Namur, in the First Campaign in Flan~ ders; and in Ireland So signalized himself, That the Earl of Athlone ordered him a Gratuity for taking a Captain, Lieutenant, and Quarter-master, Prisoners; but, by his constant Attendance in the Service, ha has lost his Acquaintance and Practice; and his Family is driven to great' Streights, the Petitioner being the only Surgeon that has no Allowance: And praying, That in Consideration

11 w. m.

— J0 FebrUctrii.

t6j

deration of his long and faithful Services, he may be inserted into the List of Officers who are to have Halfpay.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be rejected;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Corporation of Trinity-house, in Kingston upon Hull, on the behalf of the poor, decayed, and distressed Seamen, their Widows and Children, within the Town of Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are incorporated by several Grants; have several Rents and Revenues; and their Poor are very much increased since the War: That by an Act passed in the 9th and 10th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for erecting Work-houses in the said Town, for employing and maintaining the Poor, there are several Clauses, which tend to the Prejudice of the said Corporation; and particularly one, which enacts, That all future Charities, to be given or disposed to the Use of the said Town, or any Parish, Place, or Precinct, within the same, shall be enjoyed by the new Corporation; which Clause will totally prevent any seafaring Man, or other Person, to bequeath any Charity to Trinity-house: And praying, That a Clause may be brought in to explain so much of the said Act as relates to the Petitioners; and that they may be in the same Condition as before the making of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither by Law they ought to be sent, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause for explaining the said Act, according to the said Petition.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Mystery of Cordwainers, of the City of London, was- presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Remedies provided by an Act of the 1 st of King James the First, to prevent the selling of bad Leather privately, are not sufficient; whereby the Subject is greatly defrauded: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making Provision against the Mischiefs by selling bad Leather, and inartificial working thereof.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Exion, and other Lands, in the County of Somerset, late the Estate of Tho. Siderjin Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edward Stradling reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ship Martha of Margam to trade as a free Ship was committed, That they had examined the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for prolonging the Time foi* prohibiting the Ex- Exporting portation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Com, Starch, was, according to Order, read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being, put, That the Bill he read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers fof thr Vms fSir John

lellers for the *eas,£Mr Brotherson

14I.

Wtofo, the Noes

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

>99*

Resolved, That this House will, To-tnorrow Morning, Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do Deductions lay before this House an Account of the Deductions of Poundage Poundage taken by the Paymasters of the Navy for the frocn Navy* Slop Cloaths, Dead Men's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplain, and Surgeon, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Ditto, before this House an Account of the Deductions of Poundage taken by the Paymasters of the Navy for Slop Cloaths, Dead Mens Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplain, and Surgeon, since Poundage was taken from the Treasurer of the Navy, and a Salary settled, in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- state of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the Encouraging and Improving of the Manufactures of this

Kingdom.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Grants from Morning next, after the Committee of the whole House the Crown, upon the Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace, consider of the Grants made since the Settling of the Civil List upon his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven- Impartial night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pl(^eel(|ing4 to consider of the Bill touching free and impartial Pro-

ceedings in Parliament.

in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 3* die Februarii;

trtijd's

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Vantertijd was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Francis Vantertijd, and Agrtna Vandermcrsch.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into Westminster-hall, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Vol. 13.

ii* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray rs.

LEONORA Haskinstiles took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

A Petition of James Jeffcs Esquire, and Elizabeth his Jesses'Estate, Wife, and Lucy and Margaret Jeffcs, Infants, Children of the said James Jesses, and the Creditors of the said Janies Jeffcs, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the Intermarriage of the Petitioners, a Settlement of Lands in Essex was made on the said Eliz. for her Jointure; and after, to raise Portions

for

v

i£8

for the Petitioners Lucy and Margaret, in case of Failure of Issue Male; and, James Jesses being indebted to several Persons, they have agreed to accept the said Lands during the Lives of the Petitioners James and Eliz. so that the Interest of 2,000l. being the Portion of the said Eliz. but unpaid, which is liable to the said Debts, will be a Maintenance to the Petitioners: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to sell the said Lands, to pay Debts; and to make some Provision for the Infants, the Trustees of the Marriage Settlement consenting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

fleet Prison. A Petition of John Clements Gentleman was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, for himself and others, is a Mortgagee of the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison, for 2,299/. principal Money; and there being a Bill in the House for Dissolution of the Fleet Prison, whereby the Office is first to cease, and yet afterwards be sold, the Petitioner conceives, he is thereby likely to be deprived of his Security: That there is a Bill also depending in the House to dissolve the King's Bench; wherein there is a Clause, that seems to imply, that, after Sale of the Oxfordshire Estate therein mentioned, the Publick shall make good to the Mortgagee of the Kings Bench, where the said Estate shall fall short of paying; which, as is alleged, will amount to above Eleven thousand Pounds: And praying, That the Creditors of the Fleet Prison may be as amply provided for, as those of the Kings Bench; and that he may be heard by Counsel, before the Bill for the Dissolution of the Fleet Prison do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Hamborough A Petition of the Traders in the Woollen Manufac-

Company. ture, ;n an(i about the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for the better encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners humbly acquaint the House, that Experience shews the Trade in the Woollen Manufacture most chearfully extends itself through all the Markets of Europe, when left to its full Freedom; and that the many Buyers have occasioned such a current Price and Payment, as hath enabled the Petitioners to support their own Families, and employ great Numbers of the Poor: And praying, That the said Trade may remain free, and not restrained <0 the Hamborough Company only.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table antil the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Clothworkers, and others, in Leeds, and several Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures w'as first attempted, and afterwards successfully carried on, by the Company of Merchants of England; but of late their Privileges have been invaded by Foreigners, upon whom a great Part of the Woollen Trade is fallen, as to Holland; and will totally be carried into foreign Parts, where it is already set up, unless some speedy Care be taken therein: And praying, That the said Company may be established and protected in their Privileges to Germany, as the only Means to prevent the said Mischiefs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

Hutchinson's A Petition of Captain John Hutchinson, who served in Regimental the late Regiment commanded by Colonel Luke Lilling-Claims. gton, and since in Colonel Brude?ielfs Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Colo-

A. 16 pp.

nel Lillingston doth unjustly detain from him the Accounts of his Company, and also considerable Sums of Money, which he hath received; and yet the Petitioner hath, for about a Year, lain under Suspension from Half-pay, by a few General Officers at the Horse Guards, because he refused to sign a Discharge in full to Mr. John Thurston,

Agent to Colonel Lillingston, upon an Account which is but for Part of the Time he was Agent: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Dyot, Mr. While, Mr* Jenkins, Mr. Harley, Mr. Rayner, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Mr. Battiscombe, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Campion, Mr.

Letvis, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Gerrard, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir John Garret, Mr. Swift, Major General Erie, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Blake,

Sir Tho. Willoughby, Mr. Weeks, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Hughes, Lord Hen. Cavendish: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of Joseph Palacer, and others, on behalf Coal Lab of themselves, and several Hundreds of Coal Labourers ers# on the River of Thames, and Inhabitants within the weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are much abused in delivering Sea Coal Ships, for want of Order; but can have no Regulation, but by the Assistance of this House; and, were the Petitioners under some good Rules, as the Watermen, Carmen, Porters, and Coachmen, are, it would much conduce to the Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects in the Coal Trade, and to the Relief of the Petitioners: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to establish them a Fellowship, under such Government and Rules as shall be thought meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Colonel Trelaxcncy have Leave to go Leave into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absen(

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington have Leave "to go into the Country, for a For might, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits ^exa1 in the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine, Vy^s was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Henry Pickering, Mr. Cook, Sir Edw. Hussey, Captain Clayton, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Mo-lyneux, Colonel Kirby, Mr. York, Mr. White, Mr. Be-thell, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Clark, Mr. Crane, Mr. Stringer, Sir Edw. Stradling, Mr. Bertie, Mr. England, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Blaake; and all the Members that serve for Wales, and the Counties Palatine:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

A Bill for continuing the Act for the better ascertain- Tytl ing the Tythes of Hemp and Flax was read a Second time. a‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordant, Sir Edward Hussey, Capt. Clayton, Mr. White,

Mr. Cook, Sir Richard Cocksr Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mana-ton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Dyott, Mr. diamond, Mr.

Clark, Mr. England, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Daversi Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Dryden, Sir John Packington, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Hancock, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr.

Proby,

3° Februariu

n W. III. 3° Februariu 160

Proby, Mr. Whitchcot, Mr. Blaake, Sir Rowland Gzcyn; and all for the County of Lincoln: And all thatcom'e are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Maidwell's A Petition of Leeds Maidwell was presented to the proposed House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Academy, hath, for the Honour and Service of the Nation, proposed the beneficial Design of a publick Academy to most Members of this House, to their good Liking; the Petitioner proffering to be a great Benefactor thereto; and is ready to declare Ways for its Support, without any publick Charge or Prejudice; whereby always 40 Scholars, Sons of Gentlemen, are to have Lodgings and Commons gratis for Three Years, and a free Education in Languages, Arts, and Exercises; and also annual Pensions for Three Years after they have left the said Academy: And praying, That the House will be pleased to take his said Proposals into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do hear the Petitioner; and report his Proposals to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Packington, Mr. Moun-tague, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lorwther, Sir William Glynn, Sir Tho. Grosvettor, Mr. Hamond, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Moor, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Beyle, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Brewer, Sir Fra Blake, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Blake, Sir Robert Darn's, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Clark, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. England, Mr. White, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine hw. what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and fit to be continued; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Cook, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Ja. Oxenden, Mr. Harley, Sir Row. Grant, Mr .'Clark, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Hayes, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Mr. York; and all the Gentleinen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ease of A Bill for the greater Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution

tak of the;r Offices, and passing their Accounts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Foley, Mr. Proby, Mr. Dyot, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Pitfeild, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Windham, Sir Gods Copley, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Dam's, Mr. England, Lord Chenie, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hamond, Sir Row. Gxcyn, Mr. Hancock, Sir Geo. Rook, Sir John Fagg, Mr. (jurdon. Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lezvkner, Sir John Cope, Mr. Roxvney, Mr. Mountague: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Expiring Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred 1,1 to examine what Laws are expired, and near expiring, do consider of the Law which injoins Carriers to go with double Shafts; and how far it may be explained, in regard the same is found to be impracticable.

1 ' Sir Rowland Gwynn, according to Order, reported, heciioo, from Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Vol. 13.

Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Gilbert Gerard Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir William Broxtmlow Baronet, to serve for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop;

It was agreed, That the Bailiff, and all the Burgesses inhabiting within the Borough, have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Upon the Poll, there was, with the Bailiff,

For the Sitting Member - - - 37.

For the Petitioner.....36.

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That they should take off Three from the Sitting Members Poll; and add Three to the Petitioner s Poll, w'ho had a Right to vote; and were rejected.

And also should prove Bribery on the Sitting Members Side.

The Three Votes that were impeached by the Petitioner's Counsel w ere,

William James,

Tho. Waters, and Samuel James.

The Objection to William James was, That he was an Out-Burgess.

It appeared, That the Oath'to In-Burgess and Out-

Burgess was the same: And, if an Out-Burgess came to live within the Borough, he did not take a new Oath; but the In-Burgess, and the Out-Burgess, being entered upon several Lists, such Person, coming to live within the Borough, is entered upon the List with the In-Burgess.

Mr. David Morris, Mr. Tho. Bright, Mr. Morris Pugh senior, Mr. Wm. Merrick, said, That William James lived at Mainton, Two Miles off Bishops Castle, about the time of the Election; and only came to Town, as a Journeyman Shoemaker, to work; and went Home on Saturday Nights; and was not entered among the Burgesses till after the Election, though occasionally he did Tie in Bishops Castle sometimes; and therefore they looked on him as an Out-Burgess: And that, the Day before the Election, the Mayor and others met to adjust the Right of the Electors; and it was then agreed, that William James had no Vote, being a Country-Burgess.

William Price: That Thomas Waters went Home every Saturday Night to Coltbeck, about Half a Mile off Bishops Castle', but had worked for some Years at Bishops Castle.

Tho. Bright said, That Samuel James lives at' Colebeck, and went only to Bishops Castle a Month before the Election; and, since the Election, is returned to Cole-beck again; but he was not objected to before the Electiom.

The Three the Petitioner would add to his Poll were,

Richard Bright,

John Stockin,

Sam. Seyes.

By Mr. William Bright it was proved, They all offered their Votes for the Petitioner.

Mr. Morris Pugh junior, Mr. David Morris, and Mr. Pugh senior, said, That Richard Bright's Residence w'as with his Brother at Bishops Castle: And that he had voted at other Elections, particularly at Mr. Oaklye's; and Mr. Moore s, upon Mr. Oaklyc s Decease; though it w as acknowledged that he went out of Town a little time, about Two Months before the Election.

That John Stockin was a Burgess, and did live in Town before the Election; and had not been out of Town a Month in Seven or Eight Years.

That Sam. Seyes is a Burgess, and had been an Inhabitant in the Borough Six Weeks before the Election; and has continued there ever since: And that all these Three had voted at former Elections, and were now refused: And that no. Proclamation was made for Persons to come in and poll before the Poll was closed.

As to the Bribery; the PetitionerYCounsel called several Witnesses.

Nath. Farmer said, The Countess of Macclesfield X bestowed

v

Bishops

Castle

Election.

170 30 Februarii. A. 1699.

bestowed 200l. upon the Town of Bishops Castle, in regard that she was come to her Estate: And that there were at first Five Trustees for the managing of the said Money; but, afterwards, it was fixed in Mr. IF'alter Waring: And that he did see the Money at Sam. Lon-girle's House: That they did expect, that the said 200 /. should be divided among the Burgesses; but they were fain to borrow it by small Sums of about 5 /. and give Notes for it: And, accordingly, after the Election, he went to Mr. Waring for some Money; who sent him to Mr. Brozvne, an Attorney in Bishops Castle, who let him have 5 /. 5 s..; which they said was Part of the Countess of Macclesfield' % Money: And that he gave a Note for it; and he believed Browne solicited Votes for Sir William Brozvnlowe: And that others, particularly James and Walters, did receive 20 s. apiece; that Walter Co-rick and Richard Norton had 40 or <50$. apiece; and John Wootton had some Money, which he supposed they gave Notes for: That this Money was lent after the Election; but these Persons who received it voted for Sir William Brozvnlowe: But they said, Farmer cou\d not say, That Sir William Brozvnlowe knew of the disposing of the said Money: That there was a Meeting at Corick's House; where it was agreed, That the Money should be lodged in Mr. Waring's Hands, and not be disposed of without the Consent of the major Part of the Burgesses.

David Hoggins said, That, upon the Election-day in the Morning, the Bailiff sent for him, and desired his Vote; which he excused, as being before engaged for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason: And that, afterwards, the Bailiff called for him again; and told him, That he had numbered the Votes; and that Hoggins Vote stood hard upon them; and offered him Gold and Silver, and what he would; and to go into his Shop, and take a Suit of Cloaths, if he would vote for Sir William Brozvnlowe: That Jeremy Brown, a Month before the Election, called him to his House, and gave him 30$.; and my Lady Mason gave him 5 s. to vote for Sir William Brown-lozve; and Mr. Brazen afterwards gave him 3/. 15 s. upon th<$ same Condition; and threatened, if he did not, to do him a Diskindness: The said Hoggins said, He received the Money, and voted for Sir Crilbcrt Gerard and Mr. Mason: That he told Mr. Mason, He could have 5 /. to vote for Sir William Brozvnlowe: And that Mr. Mason told him, if he would have it, he might take it; for lie would not give him a Farthing.

Robert Minton said, He received for his Father, of Mr. Walter Waring, 50 s. and that his Father voted for Sir William Brownlowc and Sir Gilbert Gerrard: That he asked the Bailiff, why he made such a Return; and he said, He had nothing but what his Wife and Children had.

Stephen Lloyd said, That he was sent for by the Lady Mason, wrho asked him, if he was a Burgess ? And the said Lloyd telling her he was; the Lady Mason told him, That there was 200 /. to be distributed among them that voted for Sir William Brownlowe; and that she should be kind to him besides: That Richard Woollaston threatened him, That he should be sued upon a Bond he had given to John Beamont, if lie would not vote for Sir William Brownlowe.

Morris Bowen said, That there w>as 200 /. to be distributed; and that if he would vote for Sir William Brownlowe, he should have 30 or 40 s. of it.

That William Colebach said, He had Money of Mr. Browne for his Vote for Sir William Brownlowe.

That Palmer said, He had 5 /. and his Part came to 5 /. 8 s. 1 \d.; and he would not abate the 1 *:d.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member insisted, That they would justify their own Votes, and the Refusal of the Three that would have voted for the Petitioner.

That the Mayor gave but one Voice.

That the 200 /. spoken of, as given by the Lady Mason, was only a Charity given to the Town, in Consideration of her being restored to her Estate; and before the Dissolution of the last Parliament: And that they would

prove plain Bribery on the Petitioner: And called th$ir Witnesses.

Edward Minton said, That, about a Month before the Election, Mr. David Morris, who solicited Votes for Sir Gilbert Gerard' gave h»m ,5 s. to be for Sir Gilbert Gerard: And that, about a Fortnight before the Election, he was sent for to Mr. Pugh's House; and Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason were there; and they asked him for his Vote: And Mr. Mason said, That, if he would give Sir Gilbert Gerard his Vote, he would give him io /. and order his Fathers Steward to pay the Money; and gave him 5 to drink Sir Gilbert Gerard's Health; and told him, If it was not enough, he would give him 10/. afterwards; and Pugh said, That if he was not satisfied with a Promise, he would give him a Bond for it: That . Pugh afterwards, the Night oefore the Election, promised him and another ,5 /. apiece: That Wilsoti came for them, and told them, they should have 5/. apiece, if they would swear to be true to them; upon which they made them Half a Promise: And David Morris leaped, and said, If they had not discovered themselves so soon, he would have given 100l. for Two Voices that Night:

That, on Sunday before the Election, he was sent for to the Earl of Macclesfield at Morris's House, and brought into the Earls Chamber; who asked him, What Trade he wras of? And what would set him up ? Who answered, That he was a Shoemaker; and 40/. would set him up: And thereupon the said Earl promised him, upon his Honour, He should have it: That my Lord Macclesfeld also bid him go down to his Friend Robert Wollaston, and ask him, what he would have? Which he did: And that Wollaston demanded 30 /.; which he acquainted my Lord with: And that my I^ord promised he should have it:

That my I-ord also, in the Stables of the New Club, bid him come to him after the Election; and promised him, he should be kindly rewarded; and bid him speak to others by One at a time:

That he had 5 s. of Mr. Morns, 2 s. of his Wife, and 5$. of Mr. Mason: That he did not promise my Lord his Vote; but said he would consider of it: And that he voted for Sir William Brozvnlowe and Mr. Walcot.

Robert Wollaston said, That Jonathan Wilson, about a Week before the Election, promised him 20 /. to vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason; but he was indifferent, because he had promised before:

That Mr. David Morris took him down to the Hall, and said, if he would vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason, it would be the Lord knows what in his Way; and Sir Gilbert Gerard should procure him an Exciseman's Place: And the said Morris offered him 20 /. or better; but he acknowledged, that he had ix>ne of it:

That, on Monday before the Election, Mr. Pugh sent for him from the Bowling Green, and offered him a Bond of 5/. for his Vote; and made the same OfteF to Minton:

That, when he was at Wilsons House, Sir Gilbert Gerard came in; and, being told, That the said Robert Wollaston was promised 20 L he said to the said Wollaston,

It should not be 20/. nor tw'ice 20/.; but he would be his Friend as long as he lived:

That they would have sworn him to be true to Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason; but he ran out of the House:

That David Morris offered him the Coat off his Back, and said, What he did w as for the Good of his Children; for that the Earl would help lus Soil to 1 oo /. a Year:

That be did tell Minton at Morris's House, when he came for him to go up to the Earl of Macclesfield's, That he would have 30 Guineas for his Vote.

And he said, That Wilson, Minion, and Pugh, made all the Interest they could for Sir Gilbert Gerard\

Walter Corklc said, That, the Night before the Election, Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason came to the Hou$e where he w as; and asked him for his Vote: And that Mr. Mason said. The Election depended upon his

Vote;

IIW, III. 3° Februarii. i7i

Vote; and that he should have what he would, if he would vote for Sir Gilbert:

That he told Mr. Mason, If he would give him his Hat full of Gold, he would not give them his Vote; Whereupon Mr. Mason told him, If he would go to Morris's House, his Wife should lock him up in a Room.

That Jonathan Wilson said, He had 15 Guineas in his House, which he would divide between him, fVol-laston, and Minton.

That Morris and Wilson appeared for Sir Gilbert Gerard.

He acknowledged, That there was Money at Mr. JVaring s House for the Use of the Town: And that he did borrow 5 L; and gave a Bill for it.

Isaiah Hoggins said, That Captain Phillips fetched him to my Lord Macclesfield; who asked him, If he had promised his Vote? And he told my Lord, He had; to Sir William Brotmloxve and Mr. Mason: That my Lord thereupon told him, He must have it for Sir Gilbert Gerard; and, there being a Bason upon the Table, my Lord put Money into it; and bid the said Hoggins take what he would; and, accordingly, he did take 5\s.: And my Lord told the said Hoggins, He should have 20 Guineas the next Morning: However Hoggins said, He denied my Lord his Vote for the said Sir Gilbert Gerard, and did vote for Sir William Broxcnlowe and Mr. Mason.

The said Hoggins acknowledged, That he received of Mr. Bixnvne 20, 30, and ioj. and gave a Bill for it.

Samuel James said, That he was hired 3 or limes: That Mrs. Mason of Hockley I Jail gave him Half a Crow n; and promised him the best handle Cow about the House: That at the New Club he had 12d. of Samuel Walters's Wife; that Dacid Morris gave him is. and promised him a Suit of Cloaths and Money in Three Pockets; and Morris'$ Wife promised him the same, or 5 /.

He acknowledged he had Money of Browne by 12 d. a time, which he gave a Bill for to repay; but he voted for Sir William Brorcnlmve and Mr. Walcott.

Mr. Wollaston, of Welsh Poole, said, He was asked to vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard by my Lord Macclesfield; but, he declaring himself to be engaged, my Lord replied, He loved a Man that was true to his Trust. He produced a Letter from Mr. Mason, dated the 31 July 1697, whereby Mr. Mason acquaints him, That my Lord Macclesfeldhsd promised him, lie should succeed in the Muster-master s Post; but there were not any Words in it that gave it any Relation to the Election:

That David Hoggins was indicted Three times for Horse-stealing; but could not tell what Result there was then of those Indictments: And that Fanner was a Man of ill Repute.

Barnaby Bowen said, Samuel Waters and David Morris promised him, That if he would vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard, he should be forgiven a Debt of 7 /. that he owed to Jeremy Broini; and his Landlord Mason should forgive him a Debt of or 5 L he owed for Rent: And Waters's Wife said, That if the said Bowen would not give Sir Gilbert his Vote, my Lord Macclesfield w ould bring a Troop of Horse, and eat up the Town.

Richard Norton said, That, about a Week before the Election, Jonathan Wilson sent his Daughter to his House to speak with him; and accordingly he went to the said Wilson, who told him, That, if he did not procure his Son to vote for Sir Gilbet't Gerard, it would go hard with him: That, if he did, my'Lord would take Ten young Men out of Bishops Castle, and prefer them to Places, and his Son should be one; and, if Sir Gilbert lost it, the Town would be undone.

William Scys said, That, about a Fortnight before the Election, he was sent for to Mr. Morriss House; where Mr. Mason came to him, and asked him his Voice for Sir Gilbert Gerard; and shewed him Five Guineas; and told him he should have Satisfaction; and said, He would be his Friend as long as he lived.

William Wootton said, He w as Tenant to Morris Pugh junior, who solicited Votes for Sir GUbept: And that, Vol. 13.

a few Days before the Election, he was promised his Bishop* House Rent-free for Three Years, or Ten Pounds, if he Castle wmuld vote for Sir Gilbert;. but he voted for Sir William cctl0IL Brownloxoc and Mr. Mason.

Thomas Bright said, That David Morris made an Interest for Sir Gilbert Gerard: And that, a few Days before the Election, hew assent for to the said David Morris; who asked him his Vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard; and said, If he did not do it, the Town will be ruined, and a Troop of Horse quartered upon it; and that, if he did vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard, he should have 10 /. and all his Children maintained.

William Corick said, That Mr. Charles Mason and Sir Gilbert Gerard, Tw o Days before the Election, met him In the Street, and asked him for his Vote: That he promised his Vote for Mr. Mason: And then they asked him for his Vote for Six Gilbert Gerard; and said,'That, if he would come to London, they would get him a Place.

He acknowledged, that he had Money of Browne, which he was to repay again.

As to the 2001, given by the Lady Mason, the Sitting Member's Counsel called

Richard Jeffries: Who said, The 200l. given by the Lady Mason, was brought down Two or Three Months before the Election; and was given for the Pavement of the Streets, and other Uses of the Tow n: And that, the Election coming on, the Lady Mason desired it might be put into the Hands of Trustees, who were Mr. Walter Wollaston, Mr. Walter Waring, Mr. Edward Broughton, and Mr. Richard Woollaston: And that a Town Clock was bought with Part of the Money, and some other public Works had been done with Part of the Money; but could not speak as to the paving of the Streets.

As to the Three Votes excepted to by the Petitioner;

Francis Colbach said, That William James was a Burgess; and had been an Inhabitant in Bishops Castle about Six Months before the Election:

That Thomas Waters and Samuel James are Burgesses, and were Inhabitants long before the Election; and had voted before.

As to the Three the Petitioner Would have added to his Poll;

Francis Colbach said, That Richard Bright was

Buijess; but not resiant, as reported, above a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election;

That Stockin was not called as an Inhabitant. And,

Richard Norton, Richard Jeffries, said, That Stockin lived without the Borough.

As to Samuel Seyes, Allen Seyes, and William Minton; said, That Samuel Seyes had ow nec( Irimself to be an hired Servant to the Earl of Macclesfeld; and that he had Money given him to come down to vote for Sir Gilbert; and w'as to have an Exciseman's Place, if capable: And a Letter was produced, dated the First of August 1699, from Bishops Castle, and directed to Mr. John Williams, wrherein he mentions, That he was hired by the said Mr. Williams for 5/. per Annum, and 5 s. per Week; but the Letter does not say for any particular Purpose.

The Sitting Members Counsel then insisted, They would disqualify Nine of the Petitioners Votes, as receiving Alms; and one, as being a Lunatick:

Samuel Lloyd, Barnaby Nicholas, Thomas Bright, Stephen Minton, Nathanael Nicholas, John Richards, Cha.

Bright, David Adams, Steph. Lloyd, and Hen?y Wollaston.

And called

Francis Colbach: Who said, That Sam. Lloyd, Barn. Nicholas, rJho. Bright, Steph. Minton, Nath. Nicholas, and Cha. Bright's Wives, received of Mr. Turner's Charity, upon the 2d of June 1698:

And that Stephen Lloyd's Daughter did receive of the same Charity lor her Father.

But, as to John Richards and David Adams, there was no positive Proof.

The Nature of which Charity is, That Mr. Tamer left 6/. a Year to the Parishes of Bishops Castle and

Montgomery;

L.

v

173

3° Februarii.

.1699.

Bishops

Castle

Election.

Montgomery, 50 s. of which is to be disposed to‘the Poor of Bishops Castle, on the 2d of June in every Year; and 20*. paid for a Sermon: That the said Charity was generally given to the Widows; and had been so to the Wives of those Persons for several Years.

Fi'ancis Colback and Sam. Woollaston both spake as to Hen. Wollaston: The Substance of whose Evidence was, That the said Mr. Wollaston was a Minister; but, 3 or Years since, was in Bedlam: And having lost his Living, for refusing the Oaths, hath since that time, in several.Instances, acted as a Person not in his right Mind, viz. in affronting Women in the Streets, and lying down upon the Grubbs, as they called it, though neither of them could say he was actually mad at the time of the Election; and acknowledged, that he did preach not long before, by the Permission of neighbouring Ministers.'

Then the Petitioner's Counsel were heard by way of Reply.

And a great Part of the Bribery on the other Side being proved by Edward Minton and Robert Wollaston; they first examined as to them. And called Jonathan Wilson, David Morris: Who said, That, the Night before the Election, Edward Minton, and Robert Wollaston came to the said Wilsons House; and told him, They had not disposed of their Votes: That, if they voted for Sir Gilbert, they would have 10 /. a piece; for they could have the same Money on the other Side: That Wilson acquainted Sir Gilbert with it; who said, If you love me, do not talk of Money; for there is an Act against it: That, afterwards, Wilson brought them to Sir Gilbert; and he told them, lie would give them nothing: Wrhcreupon they said, They would vote for him on Honour; and Minton fell dn his Knees, and prayed, The Flesh might rot off from his Body, if he did not; and the other wished, if he did not, That he might be coupled; and both of them wished their Souls might be in Hell, if they did not vote for Sir Gilbert.

And said, That Henry Wollaston preached the Sunday Sevennight before the Election very well, and has preached several times:

That they believed he had his Senses very well at the time of the Election; for that, it: being-then objected, that he had not taken the Oaths, ‘ he answered,. It was not long since he had taken his Burgess Oath.

Mr. Morris Pugh said, That, discoursing with Edward Minion and Robert Wollaston s. Day or Two before the Election, they said they would not give their Votes, except they had; 10 /. a piece; apd at first they demanded 20/. for they heard it wwld come near' ,1

Ancpsaid, Ifithqy.had it not dn one Side, they could have it on the other; And that Edward Minton did steal (Leather from; huh about 'Christmas last was Twelve Months, - V! . V - /

: -As.to the oflfering Money in aBapon; they called Mr. John Bwich: Who said he was at Bishops Castle at the last Electiqa: That h^ went dow n with ray Lord Mticclesfield from London, and.1 carried his Cash, being about 100 Guineas; which w as to pay travelling Charges: And that my Lord had only of him Two Guineas, from the timb of his setting forth from London to -the Day Jsaiah Hoggins spake of: But acknowledged he was not in the Room when Hoggins came to my Lord; nor knew what Money my Lord had in his Pocket when he came from London.

v Mr. William Phillips said,. He was present the Morning of the Day before the Election, when Isaiah Hoggins came tb spiak with the Earl of Macclesfield: And that the said Hoggins did not stay with my Lord above Four Minutes;, for, he telling my Lord lie was offered Money by Sir William Brownlow, my Lord w as very angry; catid.bid^him gbdown Stairs; saying, He hoped none of the Corporation would accept of Bribery.

THe Petitioner s Counsel proceeded to the justifying of their Votes: And called M r. Morris Pugh: W ho said, That Samuel Lloyd was assessed, both thisand the last Year, at about 4 d. or 6d\

per Annum to Church and Poor; but his Condition was very poor:

That Barnaby Nicholas has been charged several Years to the Church; bat could not say to the Poor:

That Thomas Bright w as charged to the Church and and Poor for the Year 98:

That Minton and Nathaniel Nicholas pay to the Church:

That Charles Blight senior; an&Stephen Lloyd, have paid to the Church and Poor for 20 Years:

And all these, particularly Barnaby Nicholas, who was the poorest of them, have always voted.

And though he could not say but he might receive of ‘Tanner's Charity, yet they had not Relief from the Parish; and receiving Tanna's Charity was never made an Exception to their voting.

The Petitioner's Counsel also called some Witnesses, as tb several of the Sitting Member's Votes having received Mr. Tanners Charity; but they could not be positive, nor speak to their having received it in the Year of the Election.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions r

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ..Committee, That Sw William Brownlowe, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in tins present Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Gilbert Gerard, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bishops Castle. '

The First Resolution being read a Second time';

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir William Brown-lowe, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Gilbert Gerard, Baronet, is"duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of BishopsCastle; <

It passed in the Negative.

Besotvtd, That the said Election is a void Election.

It appearing to this House, upon the said Report, That the Burgesses of the said Borough of Bishops Castle have been % notoriously guilty of Bribery in the said Election.

Resolved, That no Writ do issue, ‘during this Session, for electing another Burgess for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Tapers Half, relating to Half-pay are referred, be discharged from proceeding upon any Petitions referred to them since the said Committee was first appointed. . '

Ordered, That the Report touching Dover Harbour be r>0\ made upon Monday Morning. liar;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for h°u suspending the Bounty Money given for exporting Qqm, Cor by the Act of Primo Will, et Marue, for the Encouraging the Exportation of Corn, from the Ninth Day of February instant to the 29th Day of September 1700:

And that Mr. Bullock, and Sir Thomas Cook, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do bring in a Clause to the said Bill, for the taking off the Duty upon Bread, Peas, Biscuit, and Meal, exported, from the said Ninth Day of February instant.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Su ing next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a 1 Committee

Ommittees.

I Hamliorongh Company.

Ditto.

ii W. III. 30 — 50

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 5* die Februarii; n° Gulielmi Tertii, 1699.

P11 AVERS.

JOHNNiman, and Baltzer Lyell, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Employers of Wool-spinners and Wool-combers, inhabiting in and about the City of Canterbury, on behalf of themselves, and the great Numbers of poor People by them employed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leave being given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners beg Leave to acquaint the House, That they find by Experience, That the Trade in the Woollen Manufacture does best extend itself through all the Markets of Europe, when left to its full Freedom; since which, the Petitioners have had constant Work, and competent Prices; and maintained themselves, and vast Numbers of Poor, which otherwise must have starved: And praying, That the Trade to Germany may not be restrained to the Hamborough Company only, but that it may be continued in its full Freedom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, and other considerable Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures, at Leeds, and Parts adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for the Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners represent, That when the Trade to Germany was limited to the Hamborough Company only, it was very prejudicial to the Cloathing Trade in general; when, on the contrary, that Trade was left to a general Liberty, it met with far greater Encouragement both at home and abroad: And praying, That the said Trade may remain unconfined, and not be again reduced to the sole Interest of the Hamborough Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers, in and about the Cloathing Towns of Dewsborough and Mir-feild, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures was first attempted, and successfully carried on, by the Hamborough Company, to the great Benefit of the Nation; but, for want of sufficient Support of the said Company, Foreigners have got so great a Share of the said Trade, That it is in Danger of being lost to English Merchants; and consequently the Clothiers must lie in great Danger of having Hardships put upon them, and the Manufactures of being debased and carried into foreign Parts, by the Insight of Foreigners in the Working thereof: And praying, That the said Company may be established and protected in their Trade to Germany, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Cloth workers, Fullers, and others, in Hallifax, and Vol. 13.

Februarii. 1-73

Parts adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That though the Hamborough Company first exported our Woollen Manufactures, to the great Advantage of the Nation, into Holland and Germany, yet Foreigners have gotten the sole Trade to Holland, and are likely to get it to Germany, for want of Encouragement to the said Company; which Trade, if in the Hands of Foreigners, may occasion great Hardships to be put on the Clothiers; and by an Insight in the manner of Working, and the Opportunity of exporting our Wool, may be a Means of transplanting our Art into foreign Countries, to the total Loss thereof to this Nation: And praying, That the said Company may be protected in their Trade to Gemnany, by Act of Parliament, to prevent the said threatening Mischiefs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, Hamborough principally concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in Company. Farnlcy, Bramley, Pudsey, Cabcerly, and Idle, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures was at first attempted, and afterwards successfully carried on, by the Hamborough Company; but, for want of a sufficient Support, Foreigners have gotten such a Share of that Trade, that the said Company is in danger of losing their Trade to Germany, and the Woollen Manufacture in Danger of being debased, and set up in Foreign Countries: And praying,

That the said Company may be established and supported in their direct Trade to Germany, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clothiers, Cloth- Ditto, workers, and others, principally concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in Burstall, Little and Great Summer-sail, High Townes, Harset, Clifton, and Heaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of the Hamborough Company, which is for the general Good of the Nation, and the Woollen Manufactures, is infringed by Foreigners, and in Danger of being' lost to English Merchants, for want of Encouragement to the said Company; and, if some Care be not taken, our Woollen Trade may be carried on in foreign Countries, where it is already begun: And praying, That the said Company may be established and protected in their Trade to Germany only, by Act of Parliament, as the only Means to prevent the ensuing Mischiefs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses, and other In- Ditto, habitants, of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, being an eminent Cloathing Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is brought in for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company: And well knowing, that the Cloathing Trade was heretofore much more beneficial to the Traders therein, when it was managed by English Merchants, than now; not only in respect of the Price, but the Assurance of their Money; the Petitioners therefore pray, That the said Bill may pass, giving all Encouragement to English Merchants to export our Woollen Manufactures, by such Ways as the House shall think fit.

Y.y Ordered,

174

5° Februarii.

A. 1699.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Avon Navi- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee'

gauon. to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, from Bi'is-toll to Bath, navigable, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Setting up Lights in the City of BristolL

Torbay Har- A Petition of Charles Middleton, Alexander Cairnes, bour. and One-and-thirty more of the City of London, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and several others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible there is great want of a Harbour in Torbay, there being no Safety for Shipping betwixt Plymouth and Portsmouth; and that a Harbour or Mole there would be of great Use and Security to Ships of War, as w'ell as Merchant Ships, not only in time of War, but Peace: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Harbour or Mole at Torbay, with Fortifications for its Defence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Cornbury, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Hobson, Mr. White, Colonel Lee, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Basil Dinoell, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Duke, Mr. Greenhill, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hughes, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Orme, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Tho. Felton, Mr.

Ashurst, Lord Coii'mgsby, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Dyot, Air.

Osborne, Mr. Cook, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harley, Alajor Stringer, Sir Edm. Bticon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Baily, Tho. Ford, and Twenty- Torbay Har-nine more Alasters of Ships, of the City of London, in bour* behalf of themselves, and several others, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Ships, and Alen's Lives, have been Lost, both in Peace and War, by Storms, for want of a Harbour at Torbay, where One of the best of Harbours may be made; and, within few Weeks, Five Ships have been cast away in Portland Road: And praying, that a Bill may be brought in for making a Mole or Harbour at Torbay.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Foley, according to Order, presented to the House Jesses' a Bill to enable James Jesses Esquire to' sell Lands, in -Estate. Southminster, in the County of Essex, for Payment of Debts: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Afoming.

Air. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House Beer and a yearly Account of the Gross and ..... Product of the Ale. Barrels of Beer, Ale, and Small Beer, charged from Midsummer 1688, to Midsummer 1699: And the Title thereof was read: And the Account is as followeth; viz.

EXCISE.

II W.III.

Februarii.

l7$

6 c3 ft. c :S O ret P 3 5 4J B .2 8> Small Beer Barrels. mi. 2 8 S'

C n K § 0! 2 2 0 H u u 03 JU c -» o-> 0 t i; j- co £ 03 cq Sx Sflslfs-Sf;

<0 c J5 §75 & 3 B v o> 0 . QJ tn cq 73 . u Pi ft. rtf crj E^ CO m

‘si 7« £ £ H £ 03 JJ co 0# z - 5- Sj 03 03 sssr-s

5s# t< n s V O 73 c3 ECQ CO 5;^' 1&£K"o 55 Si-

S O O rt 3 u . £ Ai §* £ S«S 03 WN r*N r- r* IT ImO n^n 'Sfi SnO S^ON- !T N M N

e £ 03 ' ft. u QJ <0 03 13 75 . E CO O N OO * 30 ON «^N 5 3 3.-3

a 0 E E 0 U CvO<J §^a £ £ ft- OS CO % CQ 00

im E 3 e.2 8> Sjs 03 4> ft. 73 gOQ CO Th - CO - t rrii- OO to ^00 -r (2 0^ to o-»CO l/> S' rL ^-Toooo N 0 r- SJ J H N 30 cS^OnSnSn0000^0

u- Z s 2 2 0 v 00 JO 60 < ^3 c S» £ u s »- -J W «CQ CQ 0 " 2 S' cf O' 0 ftAN O 1 *S O - NO - O- o 00 NO 3U = = 2^22

n S £ C tl u J«(3 a©M-« ^?50 O' ON 0 2 T ^+-<30 rs.

O Q m S V 2 0 €0 £ < 13 co on^ - - ^n 52 o° ®0 1^, N NO rh

O > txO . jS p t> £ 0 53 t: 03 i3 CO CO ~ s.sT^'S. = vS\o^ <S

cn , w m "A',«5*"S'vS - r^NVO On - 2 'g 0 O j*2o, CA 30 - ivn r* O v^O 0 n n^nOn 0 CA O O O is'O CO OO OO ON O w

> 0 03 § 6 > 0 «j < s CQ w, So*‘S!TlS r- O £ KS =vS'5-§o«J'i: M iC-Jo so-GO'O-O'O

1 S 0 O 60 , jsd c *3 *> e s t ft- 00 CO ~ 03 2 2?" N i/n H i: - ts rv CO On — O n 2? 3- ‘S, S-'Sn

QJ

P

QJ

o

p

a

p

p

8

QJ

w

0 < pa H

JR

1

pa

J5

pj

a

a

O ON oo VO

o —

W

CO

a

x

w

N

On

°^2

-«8 8 S

On On On O' £2 a

S *5

3- - ti.

o N J

o^o20 2 S S 2 Js "

> . r> ON f-K ON On

a

> v a

I e~

N

mC

H

2 s ~ ~~ ~ on on'on

«. O *" H fj-vO

£2 o' O' on on on ~ Nx'ii «-

» OO NO NO NO NC w 'S t, o

V2ai«,'",-'"C cCS U y ,3 r 3 jlJL Cgg g^S

tg 3 0

O

a , 3

__t tj2 — >.3 -5 ^5

N* it cf

N N " *'

eeefSPSSEBE

o O' o o o P -

£ ;*. ftp

; tot U, bi U,

Vo L. 13.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barlows for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Stansall, and ^ascertain Tenements in the County of York, made by Tho. Barloxv, Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments, in Trustees, to be sold, for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Godfrey Copley\ Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Morgan,

Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Foley, Captain Clayton, Mr.

Thurshy, Lord Chcnie, Mr. Scobell, Sir Baz. DLcwell,

Mr. Hughes, Mr. fVhite, Mr. Smith, Mr. Proby, Sir Rich. Cock, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Paget, Sir John Williams, Mr. Lister, Lord Combury, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Hancock, Mr. Greenhill, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Wm. Cook,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.

England, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Freke, Mr. Isham; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes Sevenoaks of Tisehust and Etchingham, in the County of Sussex, Road, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That there being a Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Highways from Sevenoaks to Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, upon Pretence that the Inhabitants are unable, and want of Materials; and that the Road within those Parishes is the direct Road between London, and Hastings, and Rye: The Petitioners shew, that therr said Parishes lie on the same Road; and that they are altogether as unable to repair their Roads: And praying,

That they may be exempt from paying any Toll, or otherwise, to the Repair of the Highways, between Seven-oaks and Tonbridge; and that they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House Grants from an Account of all Grants, made since his Majesty's die Crown. Accession to the Crown, which are not already laid before the House.

A Bill for ascertaining the Measures of Beer and Ale, Beer and Ale according to sealed Measures, to be kept in every Town, Measures* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierpoint,

Sir Rub&'t Davers, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Hancock, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Thurshy, Mr. Foley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Lee, Mr. Proby,

Mr. England, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Stone-house, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Clark, Mr. Rowneyt Mr. Mountst evens-, and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That no more Petitions, against or for the Hamborougfc Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of Company, the Hamborough Company, be received after Thursday next.

A Petition of Charles Stuteville Esquire, was presented Dalham, &c. to the House, and read; setting forth, That he is greatly Wanors' surprised to find by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is brought in for Sale of the Manors of Dalham euro D unstall and Abbot ts, in Denliam, in the County of Suffolk, the Petitioner s Estate; for that he never did consent to, nor give Directions for, any such Bill: And praying ter be heard by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before any further Proceedings be made upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

Hackney

Coachmen.

Privilege.

Answer to Address.

Dover

Harbour.

Employing the Poor.

176

Februarii

A. 1699.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition, and of the Petition of John Beecher Esquire, and Charles Beecher, and John Bridger Gentleman, and of Elizabeth the Wife of the said Charles Stuteville Esquire, and their live Children, presented to the House the 26th of January last, be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House, before the said Bill be read a Second time:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Roberts, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Worsley, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Blofeild, Earl of Disert, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gicyn, Mr. Raytier, Mr. Blake, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Zee, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Brewer, Sir Ra?*; Gzry.., Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Hatxey, Sir Robert Nap per, Sir Rushout Cullen, Sir Cha. Windham; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cahibridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker s Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Complaint being made to the House of the Insolence, Abuses, and Exactions, of the Hackney Coachmen;

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the same: And that they do consider of the Act lately made, relating to Hackney Coaches; and report their Opinion to the House, what is fit to be done for the further regulating of them:

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Gzcynn, Mx. Storehouse, Mr Mountague, Sir Robert Dash-wood, Mr. England, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Rozcney, Mr. Campion, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Bolbs, Mr. Worslty, Sir Buz. Dine ell, Sir Tho. Wagstajf, Mr. Low t her, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Row. Gwyn, Colonel Lee, - Mr. Dymock, Mr. Foley, Mr. Scobell, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Rob. Davers, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. B/aake: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Sir Bazill Firebrasse, James Munday Esquire, Charles I Vi [ford, William Whitlock, John Blower, George Pretty, alias Dammee George, Garnett, Antony Buckmaster, Robert Dallison, JoA;/ Jennings, am/ Jeff ryes, had arrested Edward Chandler, a menial Servant and Underkeeper of Christopher Lyster Esquire, a Member of this House, in his Walk in Enfeild Clmce; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he having presented to His Majesty their Address, That the Clerk of the Council might lay before this House an Account of the Petitions and Proceedings before the Council, relating to Charters granted, during his Majesty's Reign, to Corporations that send Members to Parliament; his Majesty had been pleased to give Orders, that the same should be laid before the House accordingly.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for the Repair of Dover Harbour was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House: And that the same be read, and taken into Consideration, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Pelham, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the more effectual Employment of the Poor, and encouraging the Manufactures of England:

And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Godolphin, according to Order, presented to the rndiaMa House an Account of the Manufactures made of Silk, futures Cotton, and Herba, imported from the East Indies, from iraPorted> Christmas 1697, to Christmas 1699:

And also, an Account of the East India Manufactures, made of Silk, Cotton, and Ilerba, exported from Christ-7nas 1697, to Christmas 1699.

And the Titles thereof were read: And the said Accounts are as follow; viz.

The said Account of the said Manufactures, imported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1697, to Christmas 1698.

London.

Dimity - 9,279 Yards

Linen, alias Callicoes vocat.

Callicoes - 350,746 Pieces

Do. Hankerchiefs at 6

Do. Night-gowns 6

Do. Petticoats - - 11

Do. Sheets - 36 Pair

Do. Shirts - 4,112

Do. Waistcoats - 39

Callico Curtains 1 Set at 2

Do. Petticoats of Silk - 126

Do. Sashes - 3

Callico quilted 1,058 Yards

Dp. Aprons flow ered with Thread - 6

Callico Bed - 1

Callico Quilts for Cradles - - 88

Callico Table-cloths 20

Callico Quilts - - 40

Do. stitched with Silk - 133

Cliints Gold-flowered 6 Pieces

Bafts Zere - - 1

Brawls - 2 Pieces

Diaper - - 206

Canvas Spruce - 399 Bolts

Mulmuls flowered 2,233 Pieces

Neck-cloths single 49*374

Nigh trails Thread-flow'ered - - 459

Neck-cloths Gold-flowered - - 47

Penlances - - 101 Pieces

Muslins flowered with Silk - 6

Tanjeebs flowered with Thread 2,608

Palampoors large - 85

10

d.

8

Silk-wrought vocat.

Atlasses Gold-flowered Allagars strip'd with Silver -Counterpains Gold-flowered Night-gowns - -

Pelongs f

Sashes Gold-flowered Sashes Silk -Gause Gold-flowered Silk Red embroidered Silk flowered with Gold and Silver Waistcoats -

Bengalis wrought Do. Raw -

Silk flowered with Silk Do. with Gold Silk wrought -

Do. Sleeve -

Umbrellas.

743 Pieces

63

at-----59 10 00

8

17 Pieces 9 35 21

39

167

14

8 Pieces

79>404.

- 129 Pieces

2 I Pieces 6*0,499 i/.

69

4

Silk and Cotton.

Arastas -Cherconees Chucklees Cuttanees plain Charcolees

1 Piece 2,651 Pieces

L599 - 404 8

Berochees

11W. III.

Berochees -Gause -Mallachues

Kerorses -Shallbafts large -Do. small

Seere Bands - -

Seersuckers Tepoyes -Soosaes - -

Elachees -Handkerchiefs Mohabutbanes -Romalls -

Jamwares flowered Gold and Silver 495 Pieces

Stuffs made of Herba vocat.

- - 736 Pieces

8,182

- 5,228

- 2,721

- 2,256

- - 24,332 Pieces

- - 11,118

- 1,239 3

- 4,495 Pieces

- 1

50 Februa

i:77

- 61 11

57

16

- 705

- 1,770

25

" 2,19.5

- 987

- 8,367

581 Pieces 30

- 2,397 I Pieces 121,748 Pieces

Allabanns -Ginghams -Longues Herba - -

Do. Herba and Cotton Do. Cloth Nillaes -

Peniascoes - -

Putkeys -

Taffaties Silk-flowered Taffaties Herba -Taffatie Bed-flowered -Examined per Win. Cox.

Will. Culliford, Inspector General Imports and

Exports.

Imported from Christmas 1698, to Christmas 1699; Dimity - - - - 1,834 Yards

Linen alias Callico vocat.

Callicoes -

Callico Aprons and Waistcoats Callico Pillowbiers - -

Callico Petticoats stitched Callico Sheets -Chint Beds -Chint with gold Paper Chint Hangings -Cravats embroidered -Mullmulls flowered with Thread or Silk Muslins flowered with Silk or Silver Neckcloths single Nightrails and Toylets flowered Pallairipoors large Paliampoors small Shirts and Smocks Table-cloths -

Tanjebs flowered with Thread

668,355-rV Pieces 10

6

3'

38 6 .1 5

26 792 18

- 75,771

51

' 9

- 637

- 24,737

- 477

- 1,303

Pieces

Pair

Beds

Piece

Pieces

Cravats

Pieces

Pieces

Pieces

Pieces

Silk wrought vocat.

Wrought Silk plain Allagahs Gold-striped Atlasses Gold-flowered Counterpains China, Gold-flowered Counterpains flowered and painted Caps stitched with Silk Cushions flowered with Gold Gause Scarves flowered with Gold Gause with Gold Paper Gold Paper Silk -

Gold-flowered Silk - -

Hannoes flowered Gold Letter-cases Silk - - -Nankeen Silks flowered with Gold -Pelong Gowns flowered with Gold -V© L, 13.

- 82,776 Z.vrt. 4 Oz. 16 Pieces Pieces

Caps

178 181 214

9 2

12

143 Pieces 213

7

212

238 6 Pieces 9 (^Jowns

Pelong Gowtis painted Pelong Petticoats Petticoats embroidered Sattin flowered with Gold Tapestry flowered with Gold Velvet flowered with Gold -Umbrelloes of Silk - -

Waktcoats embroidered

52t

82

2

43

5

7

35

40

Pieces

Silk and Cotton Stuffs.

Bettellees - - i

Chercollees - - - i2

Cherconnees - - - - 148

Cuttanees plain - - - 2,981

Do. flowered Gold and Silver - 129

Chucklaes - - - - 1,136

Elatches - - - 1,421

Jarmvares flowered with Gold - 8

Mohutbannes 2,560

Nicanees - - - 1

Romalls - - - - 10,267

Romall Handkerchiefs - 6

Shallbafts ----- 3,290 Seersuckers - - - - 1,770

Silk and Cotton Damask 1

Sooseys.....9,751

Tepoyes - 1,092

Stuffs made of Herba vocat.

Piece

Allibannees

Chowckraes

Ghinghams

- - - - 781

- 6,099

- - 7,418 ,

Gingallaries - - - - 199

Herba Longes - 423

Herba Taffaties - 3

Herba Taffaties flowered with Silver 2

Nillaes - -10,006

Pineascoes - 1,568

Photaes.....745

Tanna Stuffs - - - - 167

Examined per Win. Cox.

Collected per Cha. Carkesse.

The said Account of East India Manufactures, made of Silk, Cotton, and Herba, exported from Christmas 1697, to Christmas 1699; viz.

London.

From Christmas 1697, to Christmas 1698, in Time.

Linen alias Cnllicoes vocat.

Quilts and Quilting.

Callico Quilts - - - - 2,778

Do. embroidered, and stitched with Silk 63 Callico quilted - 24Ps&94Yds

Scamoty ----- 6 Yards

Bafts -

Birampants -

Brawls -

Callicoes -

Callico Shirts -

Callico Sheets -

Chints -

Cossays -

Cloth Longees -

Culljees broad -

Doreas - -

Dungannees

Gelongs -

Kerorsees -

Muslin -

Muslin Neckcloths

Mulimuls -

Mutachees -

Neckcloths flowered with Silk

Nightrails -

Putkeys - -

Sallampores -

Tanjeebs -

Tapsells broad -

Tapsells narrow

Quilts -

13 Pieces 13

- 2,41 of 226,011,

104

- 1 Fair

2644 Pieces

- 36.3

- 4071-

- 48

19 72

- 145

40

loo-i-

- 3,499 Neckcloths

- 1,080 Pieces

25

- 49a

20 42

- 2,787

- 2364-no 614

132

Silk wrought vocat.

Allajahs -

43. Pieces

Bengali

178

Bengalis Counterpains Longees Pelongs Taffaties -

5° Februarii.

A. 1699.

- - - 13 Pieces

2

- - . 15

... 65

- 157t

Silk and Cotton Stuffs vocat.

Atlasse Cuttanees ‘ - - - 119 Pieces

Bettelees - - - 34

Chucklees ----- 894

Cuttanees plain - - - 46

Cuttahees flowered - - - 108

Elatchees - - - - 168

Tam wares - - - - 32

Longees - 290

Mohabutbanees - - - 5.55

Nickanees.....1,586

Photeas - - - 15

Romalls.....7^102

Seersuckers ..... 549

Shalbafts - - - 502

Soosays 2,504

Tepoys - - - 34

Stuffs made of Herba vocat

Chercotees Ginghams

Nilleas Penniascoes Taffaties Herba

Silk and Herba Longees Stuffs Guinea

122

802}

821

1,091

2,113

5*3

2,226

Pieces

Brawles Brittanees -Caliicoes -Callico Shirts Counterpains Cossays Cuttanees -Chints

Culljees broad Gelongs -Gwacahs -Longees Cloath Mullmuls -Muslin Neckcloths Pallampores Pintadoes -Sallampores Tapsells -Tanjeebs Quilts Callico

Atlasses Bengalis -India

Longees -Paunches -Pelongs Persian *-Taffaties

Silk Bengali Raw

Silk wrought vocat.

5i

31

63

48

- 541

Silk and Cotton Stuffs vocat.

56 59 1,132 2

Pieces

Camblet -Doreas Elatches -Ginghams -Handkerchiefs Hurmuims Jam wares -Mohabutbanees

4

3

23

15

29,301 306

9

59*

Pieces

Nilleas

Nickanees -

Penniascoes

Putkeys

Romalls

Shallbafts -

Seersuckers

Soosayes -

Tepoys

Carpets

16

t

213

5

- 1,096 7 44

199

l

5

Out Ports Exportation. Linen alias Caliicoes vocat.

In Time.

Caliicoes -

Chuckleas

Cuttanees

Ginghams

Jamwares

Mullrnulls

Muslin

Muslin Neckcloths Nilleas Penniascoes Romalls -Soosayes -Pintadoes -

518J 14 Pieces 45 63 7

227i

29*

1,419 33 Pieces 2

1,242

2

Out of Time.

Exported out of Time from Christmas 1697, to Christmas 1698; viz,

Linen alias Caliicoes vocat.

Atlasses -Bengali India -Persian Taffaties -Tanjeebs -

Silk wrought vocat.

22 Pieces

- 5,638/.

19 Pieces 15

- 18 Pieces

1,727 Pieces

19 Pieces 7 Yards 31 Pieces

187

213

5i5Ps.37Hand 12 Pieces

14 Pieces 3 Pieces

4 Pieces 163 4,581

112

1

3 6

504

32

62

4

2 2

339Pieces4i-Yds

1,703

22

8

6

2

204*

33

Examined per Wm. Cox.

Will. Culliford, Inspector General Imports and Exports.

Exported from the Port of London from Christmas 1698, to Christmas 1699.

Atlasses -

Atlasses flowered with Gold -AUajahs -

Allajahs wrought with Silver -Allabans -Bengalis -Byrampotts -Beazour -Brawles -Baskets -Beads of Coral -Bafts painted -Chucklaes -Cuttanees -Charconees Che wares -Counterpains -Counterpains flowered with Gold Cullgees - -

Bowls and Basons -Bottles - -

Parcels \ Pieces -Jars -Dishes -Teapots Camblets - -

Ware

China

Cossays

Chints

Cottons striped -Checks

Cornelian Rings -Caliicoes -Chests lacquered Cotton Yarn Deribands small

" 394

- 21

33

1

- 414

57 3i

- .1,259 Ounces

- i,744i

2 Nests and { SOuncesandi 2

402

- 113

- 133 300

58

1

- 3

- 1,465

- 36 70

- 24,279

4

22

40

6

- 182

- 2,398

54

- 676

- 1,214

374,183

2

- 31,663/.

12

Dimity

rr W. III. Dimity - m 5° 539 Yards

Doreas - - - 82

Elatches - - - 310

Fans - - - 26,206

Goa Stone - - 469 Ounces

Guinea Stuffs - - - 5,39®

Ginghams - - 3*3

Ginghams coloured - - - 123

Gowns of Silk - - . 5

Gowns embroidered - . _ 7

Handkerchiefs - - 313

Images - - - 84

Kishasses - - 161

Lacquered Wares - 659 Pieces

Longees - - - 72 i

Mohabutbanes - - - 907

Motasses - 71

Monditts - 49

Muslins striped and flowered - 76

Mulmulls - 184

Morees ... - 153

5° Februar

179

Neckcloths {p^Pned.

1,290

8,071

Nillaes - - - - m >,495

Nehallawares - - - 124

Niccanees - - - 2,771

Papers of Flowers - - - 747

Fall&mpores - - - - >»97>

Petticoats - - - - 132

Prints - - - - 200 Pi<

Pelongs - - - - 33

Petkeys - - - 61

Peniassaes - - - - 902

Persians - - - 29

Quilts - - - - 261

Rangoes - - - - 162,805

Romaic - - - - 2,241

Shallbafts - - - - 613

Sallampores - - m - 616

Sanoes - - - 62

Shills - - - - >,9>°

Savaguzees - - - - 23

Silk wrought - - - - 24,i.57if-

Silk wrought with Gold - - 10/.

Soosays - - - - 7,447

Seersuckers - - - 545

Hand-screens - - - 36

Tapees - - - 271

— — — 116 130

Z7 m: 986 1,28.5

Tea Tables - - - - 40

. , f narrow Tanjeebs [broad; 66 227

Waistcoats embroidered - 10

Waitcoats of Callico - - - 7

Errors excepted, per J. Walker#

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

M* Sir Richard Onsloxc, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for taking off die Duties upon the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next#

&c. Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of

Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Or ford, in the County of Suffolk; and touching the Election for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardmse, in the County of Devon; be made upon Thursday Morning next

The House being informed, That Thomas Neale Esquire, who petitioned against Doctor Duvaxant, touch-Vol. 13#

ing the Election for the Borough of Beckvyn, in the County of if ills, is dead;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding furthev upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding further this Session, upon the Petition toitching the Election for the Borough of St. MaweS) in the County of Cornwall, at the Desire of the Parties concerned

The House being informed, That Skadrack Vincent Esquire, who petitioned against Sir Bevil Granville and Mr. Vivian, touching the Election for the Borough of Tmey) in the County of Cornwall, is dead;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding further on the said Petition.

The House being informed, That several Persons in Possession of forfeited Estates in Ireland, by virtue of Grants thereof, are felling Timber, and committing other Wastes upon such forfeited Estates;

Resolved, That such Persons as shall fell any Timber, or commit any Wastes, upon the said forfeited Estates, shall be answerable for the same: And that it be an I instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland) and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick, is committed, That they do bring in a Clause for that Purpose.

Mr. Bullock) according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the suspending the Bounty-money for exporting Corn, from the 9th Day of February 1699, to the 29th Day of September 1700: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To morrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, and to make several Motions to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report of the said Resolution and Motions be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland\ and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons; and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen; and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe

be

St. Ma^es Election.

Fowey

Election.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Bounty oq Corn.

Supply.

Supply Bill; Land Tax and Irish Forfeitures.

Committees,

l8o 5 ° — 6° FebruariLA. 1699.

King's Bencli be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the and Fleet Journals of the House for the last Session, upon the Pe-

nsoos. tition of John Goodall, and other Petitions relating to the

Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 6* die Februarii;

li° Gulielmi Tertii.

Jacobson's, A BILL for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, William &cq. Nat. xjl Brown, and Sarah Haskinstyles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. White, Sir Edward Stradling, hlv.Lutterell, Me. Foley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mountague, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Clark, Mr. Rcrwney, Sir Barth. Shore, Mr Carter, Mr. Harley, Mr. Yates, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Gzcyn, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Roger Bi'adshaio, Mr. Pier-point, Mr. Lewis, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Thursby, Mr^ Blofield, Mr. Blaake: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Assaying of Mr. Scobell reported from the Committee, to whom plate* the Petitions of the Goldsmiths of the Cities of Exeter % Chester, and Nonvich, and the Borough of Honiton, Chard, and Crewkern, were referred, That they had examined the same, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and i§ as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wardens and Assay-masters be appointed in most considerable Cities and Towns of this Kingdom, for assaying all Plate, according to the present Standard; and for affixing the Britannia Mark on such Plate: And that the Goldsmiths, and Workers of Silver, in such Cities and Towns, be under such Rules and Regulations, as may prevent Abuses and Corruptions therein.

The said Resolution being read a Second time:

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Wardens and Assay-masters be appointed in most considerable Cities and Towns of this Kingdom, for assaying all Plate, according to the present Standard; and for affixing the Britannia Mark on such Plate: And that the Goldsmiths, and Workers of Silver, in such Cities and Towns, be under such Rules and Regulations, as may prevent Abuses and Corruptions therein.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Barth. Shore and Mr. Scobell do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Baldwin's The Lord Cheine reported from the Committee, to fcstat* whom the Bill for the better enabling Anne Baldwin, Widow, to make Sale of a Capital Messuage, and Lands, called Wiltons, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised by her late Husbands Will, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations thereof; and that all Parties therein concerned had given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Lacy's Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom

fceute. the Bill for the Sale of several Western Manors and Lands,

the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and for laying out the Surplus-money

in the Purchase of Demense Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations thereof; and that all Parties concerned had given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the satne were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson have Leave to withdraw Great his Petition touching the Election for the Bofough of Grimsby Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincolne. Flection.

A Petition oi William Rider Esquire, was presented to DealWate the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, works* and Edward Burdet Esquire, having found out a Way for the supplying the Town and Port of New Deal with fresh Water; which will be a great Service to the Inhabitants and Ships that have Occasion to water there; King James the Second did, by Letters Patents, dated 21 July, in the 4th Year of his Reign, grant them the sole fliberty and Power of building a Conduit Head, Wharf, and other necessary Buildings, upon the Beach of the said Town, for carrying on the said Work; and to dig the Highways, Streets, and Waste Grounds, of his Majesty:

And the Patentees were at great Charges, in causing Engineers to go from London to Deal, to view the Premises, and direct what was necessay to be done; and to treat with the Inhabitants, in order to the speedy completing of the said Work; but the Petitioner is informed, that one William Warner is endeavouring to advantage himself by the Petitioner s Discovery; and, for that End, hath begun a Work for bringing fresh Water to the Town of Deal; and hath obtained Leave of this House to bring in a Bill to bring fresh Water to the Town and Port of v Deal; which, if it should pass into an Act, will destroy the Rights and Privileges granted to the Petitioner by the said Patent: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That foe said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hancock, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Dalha Conyers, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Freke, Sir Robert Fxkn, Mr. Mudoi White, Mr. Aixhdale, Mr. Grecnhill, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Crane, Mr. Hcnxey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Charles Stuteville Esquire, is referred.

Sir Richard Cocks reported from the Committee, to Wate whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and meail Grand Jury, for the County of Gloucester, was referred,

That they had examined the Allegations therein; and that it appeared to them, that the Measure commonly called Water-measure, is so very uncertain, that great Inconveniencies, and vexatious Law-suits, do frequently happen thereby; and that they had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better ascertaining the Measure, commonly called Water-measure.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ascertaining foe Measure, commonly called Water-measure: And that Sir Richard Cocks and Mr.

Hancock do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, De That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Dee navigable was committed, be now received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

A Petition

II W. III. 6° Februarii.

181

Himbnrough A Petition of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers, Cloth-Company, workers, and others, principally concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in Huddersfeild, and the adjacent Parts, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures was first begun, and successfully Carried on, by the Hamborough Company, to the Benefit. the whole Nation: But the Privileges of the said Company, have, of late, been infringed by Foreigners, who have already gotten a great Part of that Trade, especially to Holland; and the Whole is in Danger of falling into their Hands; which may be a Means of transplanting our Woollen Manufactures, by their Insight therein, to foreign Countries, where the same is already begun: And praying, That the said Company may be protected in their Privileges and Trade to Germany, only upon such Terms as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second

time.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers, in the Cloathing Town and Parish of Guisely, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of exporting our Woollen Manufactures was first begun, and has been best managed for the Good of the Manufacturers, by the Hamborough Company: But of late Years, for want of a sufficient Support of the said Company, Foreigners have gotten so great a Share of that Trade, that the English Merchants are in Danger of the utter Loss of exporting our Woollen Ma-I nufactures to Germany, as they have for some Years, to

I Holland: And shouldthat Trade be intrusted in the hands

of Foreigners, it must lie under great Hazards of having Hardships put upon the Clothiers, and of being set up in foreign Countries, by their Insight of the Cloathing Trade: And praying, That the said Company may be established and protected in their Trade directly to Germany, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit, and that effectual Care may be taken to prevent the Exportation of our Wool.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

Ditto, A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clothiers, Cloth-workers, and others, principally concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in Wakefeild, Horbory, Alverthorpe, and Ossett, in the West Hiding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Hamborough Company first attempted, and successfully promoted, the Exportation of English Woollen Manufactures, to the great Advantage of the Traders therein: But, for want of a sufficient Support, Foreigners have gotten so great a Share of that Trade, that the said Company is in Danger of being destroyed; and thereby that Trade is in Danger of being lost to England, either by the Weakness of their Stocks, or, by their Insight into the Manner of working our Cloth, the Carrying and Setting up the same in foreign Countries: And praying, That the Hamborough Company may be established and protected in their Privileges and Trade to Germany, to prevent the Mischiefs aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read ai Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clothiers, Cloth-dressers, and divers others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in the ancient Cloathing Town and Parish of Bradford, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Woollen Manufactures was begun, and carried on, by the Hamborough Company, to the Advantage of all the Traders therein; But, of late, Foreigners have in-Vo*. 13.

fringed the Privileges of that Company, and gotten so great a Part of the Trade to Germany, that English Merchants are like to have no Part thereof; and thereby that Trade is in great Danger of being lost to England, by Foreigners Insight to the Working of our Cloth, and the Opportunity of exporting our Wool; and so the same may be carried into foreign Countries: And praying,

That the said Company may be established and protected in their Trade directly to Germany, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit; so as all his Majesty's natural-born Subjects may be admitted into the said Company; and that effectual Care may be taken to prevent the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Clothiers* and others, depending Hamborough on the Woollen Manufactures, in the County of Suffolk, Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That heretofore the Hamborough Company did export a considerable Part of the Petitioners Manufactures into Germany: But of late Years, since Foreigners have been permitted to trade thither, the Petitioners Trade hath much declined; and, if some Provision be not made for supporting the said Company, that Trade will wholly fall, into the Hands of Foreigners; which will be very prejudicial to the Trade of the Woollen Manufactures in general: And praying, That the said Company may be supported in their Trade to Germany, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Serge-makers, and Wool-combers, Exporting of the Town and County of Southampton, was presented Wool, to the House, and read; setting forth, That formerly Licence was granted for exporting from Southampton to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, 3,300 Todds of Wool yearly, to be combed, one Moiety at Southampton: But, in the late King James's Reign, Sir Edward de Carteret obtained a Grant for exporting thither double that Quantity unwrought; which was also established by an Act of Parliament in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign; to the great Impoverishment of the Petitioners, for Want of Work: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Moreton, Hamstead\ Woollen and Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was pre- Manufacture, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Woollen Manufacture Trade is very much decreased*since the Prohibition thereof in Flanders, where the same is set up, and great Rewards offered to draw our Workmen thither; which has much increased the Number of the Poor, who are driven to great Wants for lack of Work:

And praying, That some seasonable Remedy may be provided for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

A Bill to enable James Jesses Esquire, to sell Lands in JeflVsEstatt Southminster in the County of Essex, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Suspending the Bounty Money for ex- Bounty porting Com, from the 9th Day of February 1699, to on Com the 29th Day of September 1700, was read a Second time; exPQrte<J*

A a a And

Leave of Absence.

Supply

Hamborough

Company.

Employing the Poor.

Old East India Company.

Committee*.

Beer and Ale Measures.

7* Februarii. 1699.

And $iere being bo Objection to4lie Body of the Bill, nor any Blank therein;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have jLq*ye to gp :i$to the ^Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Smiths Burgess for Southampton, have heave to go into the Country, Upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, winch they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Discharging the Debt due to the Army.

The said Resolution ‘being read a Second time;

Reso£vedf That the House doth agree wkh the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Discharging the Debt due to the Army.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That the Accounts of the Debt due to the Army may be put into such a Method of Examination, that the same may be stated and adjusted in order to their being cleared.

Resolved, That the Accounts of the Debts due to the Army shall be put into such a Method of Examination, that the same may be stated and adjusted, in order to their being cleared.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That the Accounts of the Debt due for Transport Service, over and above the Sum of 330,7.69,/. 105. 7 d. for the Transport Service in Peducing of Ireland', rpay be put into such a Method of Examination, that the same may be stated and adjusted.

Resolved, That the Accounts of the Debts due for Transport Service, over and above the Sum of 330,7691. ips. 7d. for tjbe Transport Service in the Reducing of Ireland, shall be put into §uch a Method of Examination, that the same may be stated and adjusted.

Resplved, That the further Consideration of the said Resolutions be adjourned till Monday Morning next*

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company jbe read a S.ecoqd time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better Relieving and Employing the Poor of this

Kingdom-

Mr. Speaker Jefl the Chair.

Sir Refund Gxvyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Roxcland Gwyn reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and hgd directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tq consider further of the said Bill.

Evolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, before the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London? trading to the East Indies, a Corporation.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

taining the Measures for retailing Ale and Beer is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Lutterell, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Hutchinson'* Mountstopens, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Willdns, Captain Py, Regimental 3VJr. Hancock, Mr. Lee, Mr. Crane, Mr. GrecrJiHl, Sir Claim*. John Rogers, Mr. Carter, Mr. Thursby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain John Hutchinson is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morqing, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 7° die Februarii; np Gulielmi Tertii.

PflAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D'Harcour for the Naturalizing of Oliver d'Harcourt, and NaU others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas May Gentleman to May's sell Lands in the County of Suffolk, which were settled ^state* upon his First and Second Marriage; and to convey other Lands, of a greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bid do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable Thomas May Gentleman to sell Lands in the County of Suffolk, which were settled upon his Marriage; and to convey other Lands, in the same County, of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That the Earl of Desert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Charles Hot ham, Hutchins* Sir Francis Blake, Mr. Dymock, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Bet hell, Regiment Lord Cornbury, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Lord Fairfax, Mn Claims* Whitchcot, Sir Willoughby Hipliman, Colonel Seymour*

Mr. Pelham, Sir John Bodes, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Bertie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain John Hutchinson is referred.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Copper Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Forces ter, Norfolk, Coinage. Suffolk, Middlesex, London, and Surrey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain the Coining any more Halfpence or Farthings is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Signing prevent Disputes that may arise by Members of Corpo- Associai rations having neglected to sign the Association in due Time: And that Mr. Mompesson and Mr. Tredenham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the Ship Martha, of Mar gam, to Martha trade as a free Ship, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for the Ship Martha, of Mar gam, to trade as a free Ship.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Stradting do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom Vexati the Bill for Preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits, in Suits ii the Principality of Wales and the Counties Palatine, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House.

Oi'dered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Siderf Ordered, That Mr. Moor, and Sir John Mordant, be for vesting the Manor of Exton, and other Lands in the Estat< added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for aace*> County of Somersett, late the Estate of Thomas Siderfin

Esquire,

11 W. III.

y"- FebrUarii.

i8*

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fee soM fear Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Palmer, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Bertie, Lord Cornbury, Mr* Rayner, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Archdale, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Thursby, Sir Baz. Dixwell, Sir John Cope, Sir Ja. How, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Bamardistoti, Mr. Clark, Serjeant Coward, Mr. Lutterell; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Somcrsett, Dor sett, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Pour a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers*

taier- Sir Richard Cocks, according to Order, presented to fan. the House a Bill for ascertaining Water-measure: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ooit Ordered, That the Bill for cleansing, and making and

navigation, keeping more navigable, the River Ouze, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and French Port of jDover, was presented to the House, and read; riioim setting forth, That some of the poor Inhabitants of the said Town did not only, during the late War, quarter several sick and wounded English Seamen, but also many sick and wounded French Prisoners of War, for which there is due to them 965/. 13$. 8 d. as appears by Accounts thereof, delivered to the Commissioners of sick and wounded Seamen: And praying, That they may be paid what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of ths whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ijilfyay, A Petition of Richard Oxcnden, formerly a Lieutenant in Colonel Collingzcood's Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner faithfully sewed in the War ever since his Majesty's Accession to die Gown, until he v\as necessitated by Sickness to stay behind, when the said Regiment was sent to the West Indies; whereby ‘he lost his said Employment: And praying, That he may be admitted into Half-pay for his present Support.

Ordered, That the said Petition de lie upon the Table.

Creditors on A Petition of divers Persons on behalf of themselves MTax. and others, who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the 3d Quarterly Poll Tax, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Act was intended as a Fund for 500,000l. with a borrowing Clause for the same, upon which the Petitioners advanced considerable Sums, without any Pre-jmum; but, the said Fund not producing above half the said Sum of 500,000l. the Petitioners cannot be repaid by Money arising therefrom: And praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration; and that Provision may be made for Repayment of the Money advanced upon the Credit and Security of the said Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his

fells.

A Bill for Regulating of Prisons, was read a Second tiara.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carter, Sir Wm. Fillers, Mr. Whitchcot, Sir John Garrard, Mr Aylmer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lirwther, Mr. King, Mr. Mmmstevetis, Mr. Mompcsson, Mr. White, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Hamofid, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Guy, Mr. Proby, Lord Fairfax, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Stringer, Lord Cornbury, Mr. England, Sir Chiu. Windham, Sir Rich. Fan'mgton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Travers; and all the Vo u 13.

Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clack, in the Speakers Chambers*"

The House being informed, That Mfr. Southwell^ Cleric Charters* of the Council, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Petitions presented to his Majesty in Council; with the Reports and Orders thereupon* relating to Charters that have been granted, during his Majesty's Reign, to Corporations that send Members to Parliament; together with a List of them.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read; and is as followeth; *m %

Ordered, That the said List and Papers be referred to the Committee appointed to examine all the Proceedings relating to Charters, and what new Charters have been granted during this Reign.

A Petition of Henry Howard, of Norfolk, Esquire, and Duty oii John Houzdsnell, of Grays Inn, Esquire, Executors of the wool . Ia9t Will and Testament of the late Countess Dowager of expor c Portland, in behalf of themselves, the Creditors and Legatees of the said late Countess, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents of the 24th of February 1676, for good-Consideration, granted to Sir James Hayes, and Sir Petei' Apsley, in Trust for the said Countess, full Power of licensing the Exportation of White Cloths, for which a small Duty is paid: That,-the Countess had contracted several great Debts; and, by her said Will, charged the said Patent with 200l. per Ann. Anuun ties to poor Relations and Servants, being almost the Amount of the Duty: But the Petitioners haveapplied the Duty towards Payment of her Debts; so that the Legatees have not received any Benefit by the Will; which will also be quite destroyed, if the Bill depending in the House, for taking away the Duties upon Woollen Manufactures exported, should pass into a Law: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for securing the Petitioners in their Right and Property in the said Grant.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemme contradicente, That a Committee be Growth of appointed to inquire how far the Laws against Popish PoPcry< Recusants have been put in Execution; and to inspect and review the said Laws; and to report their Opinions upon the same to the House; and also, to propose what further Remedies are necessary, to suppress the Growth of k Popery in these Kingdoms, and to strengthen the Protestant Religion:

And it is referred to Mr. Hamond, Sir Rowland Gwyn,

Sir Rich. Onslorw, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

Roivney, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Haw, Lord Coningsby, Sir Godfrey Copleij, Sir Wm. Glyn, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Mitton, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Lord Spencer,

Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Bierly, Mr Cook, Mr. Pelham, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Duke, Mr. Tredeuham, Mr. Harley, Lord Cults,

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Bos careen, Mr. Bertie, Sir Cha. Sidley,

Mr. Dyot, Mr. Bhssc, Mr. Lozmdcs, Mr. Chase, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Dormer, Ix)rd Chenk,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. England, Sir John Mordant, Mr.

Gorge, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Mitcheli, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mounslevens, Mr. Mtthwen; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die in diem: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the Suspending the Bounty Money Bounty on for exporting Corn, from the 9th Day of Fetu uary 1699, to Corn the 29th Day of September 1700, was read the Third tune: export

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. *, to leave out " all;" and insert " no."

Pr.

184 1v — 8° Februarii. . 1699.

Pr. 2. L. 1. to leave out "suspended, dissallowed, and unpaidand insert " due or payable."

And, at the End of the Bill, to add " anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking away the Bounty Money for exporting Com, from the 9th Day of February 1699, to the 29th Day of September 1700.

Ordered, That Mr. Bullock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

feardner's A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt and Df*.

Estate. Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardner, and Sarah his Wife, late the Estate of William Bridges Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies therein mentioned; and for applying the Residue of the Money, upon Trust therein specified: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

fctate of the A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-

Nation. posed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " resolve itself into a Committee " of the whole House, to

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas} 155-

Tellers for the Noes,[^; } 16a‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, consider of the State of the Nation.

Employing A Bill for the more effectual Employing the Poor, and the Poor. Encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, was, according to Order; read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Tredenham^Mr. Sayers, Mr. Harley, Lord Con* ningsby. Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Pier-point, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Fleming, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Rozvland Gwyn, Mr. Harcourt, Colonel Lee, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gwyn. Mr. Tilney, Sir Barth. Shorter, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Ja. Oxenden, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Baz. Dlvwell, Mr. Vernon, Sir Rob. Austen, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bbfeild, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Gott, Sir Godfrey Copley; and all that serve lor the Counties of Norfolk, Wilts, Devon, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it* be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to prolong the Time for Exportation of the G oods mentioned in the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to dispense with the Merchants from paying any other Customs for the said Goods upon Importation, than the Half Subsidy, which is to remain by Law*, after the Goods are exported.

Ditt*, A Petition of divers Linen Drapers in the City of Lon-

don, was offered to the House, relating to the said Bill:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative*

Ordered, That the Report, touching Dover Harbour, Dover be made upon Saturday Morning next. Harbour.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty*

Ordered, That the Bill for taking away the Duties Woollen

upon Woollen Manufactures exported, be read a Second Manuf«-y Ar r tores, &c.

time lo-morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, Justicesoi at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for qualifying Justices of Peace.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except Employin the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Employ- the Poor' ing of the Poor, and Encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Suppress* Morning next, resolve itself in a Committee of the Piracy* whole House, to consider of the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

And then the House adjourned till , Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Februarii;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of Colonel Henry Holt, in behalf of Half paj Captain Thomas Holt, Captain John Pigott, Captain John Forster, Ensign Samuel Clark, Ensign Thomas Bisse, and Ensign John Horn, late Officers in the Regiment of Foot commanded by him in the West Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Regiment was, on the i st of May 169.5, reduced from Thirteen Companies to Five; and the supernumerary Officers were, by his Majesty's Order, to attend the Service, and be subsisted, together with the Regiment, and preferred as Vacancies should happen: That the aforesaid Officers are all of that Reducement, who are not yet provided for; and are excluded the Benefit of Half-pay, as reduced before the 10th of September 1697; and thereby are incapable of Preferment on the Vacancies-which happen, though they are Englishmen, have a great Arrear of Pay due, and served long in a most unhealthy Climate, and undergone greater Hardships than those who have served nearer Home: And praying the House to consider the Case of the said Officers; and that they be allowed the same Benevolence of Half-pay, as is granted to the Officers reduced since the 10th of September 1697.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Importi Council, and others, chief Inhabitants of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and also of s'1 Weavers, Wool-combers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, on behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds of poor People, w hose sole Livelihood depends thereupon; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Traders and Workers of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom are greatly impoverished by the vast Quantities of East India wrought Silks, Stuffs, Bengals, and painted Callicoes, imported of late Years: And praying the Consideration of the House thereof, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to die Committee, to whom the Bill for the

more

ii W. III. £° Februaru. 185

more effectual Employment of the Poor, and encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Half-pay. A Petition of Blaize Gercaisot, a French Protestant Refugee, Lieutenant of Grenadiers, in the late Regiment of Foot, commanded by Colonel Saunderson, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner received the first Year's Half-pay; but some earnest Occasions calling him into Flanders, he there fell sick, and could not come over soon enough to be naturalized the last Session of Parliament; so that his Half-pay has been stopped: That the Petitioner is in the first Naturalization Bill of this Sessions; which has passed the House of Lords, and is now before this House: And praying, That his Half-pay may be continued, without which he and his Family must starve.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Robimons A Petition of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, and of Estate. JVm. Williams Esquire, his Uncle, and next Relation and Guardian, on behalf of the said Sir Thomas Robinson, and of Anne his only Sister, Infants under the Age of 1 21 Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting

» forth, That the Mother and Grandmother of the said Sir

Thomas and Anne, did settle divers Lands, and, by their last Wills, did devise several Goods, and personal Estate, in the Whole, to the Value of 7,000 /. for the Portion of Anne; which, by reason of Sir Tho. Minority, cannot be raised, nor the said Lands settled, so as to prefer the said Anne, being Seventeen Years of Age, in Marriage, to such a convenient Match as is now proposed, w ithout the Help of an Act of Parliament: And praying tcave to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Thomas Robinson to charge his Estate with 7,000 /. notwithstanding his Nonage, for his Sister's Marriage Portion; and that the Lands, and personal Estate, of the said Anne, may be a vested in him, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry Parker and Mr. Thursby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Dotyon A Petition of the principal White Paper-makers, on behalf of themselves, and the rest concerned in that Manufacture in England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are arrived to a very great Perfection in the said Art, and employ Abundance of poor Families; but the Duty upon all foreign, except French Paper, is so low, and therefore such vast Quantities imported, that tends to the Destruction of the said Manufacture in England: And praying, That a Duty may be laid upon foreign Paper, with a Duty in lesser Proportion on English Paper, by Distinction and Enumeration of Reams, as shall be thought meet for the Preservation, and further Encouragement, of the said Manufacture in England.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty*

jjwnborough A Petition of the Traders in the Woollen and Cotton Manufactures of the Stocking Trade, in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in the House for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company, the Petitioners say, that Experience shews, the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures does best flourish when left to its full Freedom, the many Buyers causing a current, and speedy Payment for their Commodities; the Consideration of which hath hitherto induced this House to discourage all Monopolies, as against Law, and destructive to the Rights and liberties of the Subject: And praying, That the said Trade may remain free and unrestraiued from the Interest of the Hamborough Company.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Cloth-buyers, Clothiers, Hamborough and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in and Compaiy. near the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the‘Petitioners find by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is brought in for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company: That Experience doth demonstrate, that when the Trade to Flanders was limited to the said Company only, it was very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacture Trade of England in general; but, w hen that Trade was left to its full Freedom, it met wtith far greater En«i couragement, both at Home and Abroad: And praying,

That the said Trade may not be again reduced to the sole Interest of the Hambwough Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Ditto. Cloth-w'orkers, and other considerable Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures, at Halifax, and Places adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company: But the Petitioners find, by Experience, that the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures doth meet with greater Encouragement, both at Home and Abroad, when ?tis left to its full Freedom of Commerce; and that, when it was limited to the Hamborough Company, that Trade was generally prejudiced thereby: And praying, That the Trade of the Woollen Manufactures may remain free and unlimited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, Ditto, in Batley, Hicmonwick, Birkenshaw, Heaton, and Ad-xcalton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures was first attempted, and afterwards successfully carried on, by the good Management of the Hamborough Company, to the great Benefit of this Nation; but, for want of a sufficient Support of the said Company, Foreigners have gotten so great a Share of that Trade, that all English Merchants are in Danger of being excluded from the Trade to Germany, as they have been from Holland several Years; whereby our Manufactures are in Danger of being debased, and the Art of making them transplanted into foreign Countries: And praying. That an Act of Parliament may pass, for establishing and protecting the said Company in their Trade to Germany, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers princi- Ditto, pally concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in Holbeck,

Hunslen, Armloy, and Wort ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our English Wool-len Manufactures was.begun, and successfully carried on, by the Hamborough Company, to the general Benefit thereof; but the Privileges of that Company have of late been very much infringed by Foreigners, upon whom so great a Part of our Woollen Trade to Flanders is fallen, that the said Company is in Danger of being destroyed; and, by the Weakness of Foreigners Stocks, that Trade is in Danger to be let fall by them, or of being carried into foreign Countries, where it is already begun, through their Insight to the Working of our Manufactures, and the Opportunity they have of exporting our Wool: And praying, That the said Company may be established and B b b protected

186

8° Februarii. -A. 1699.

protected by Act of Parliament, in their Trade to Germany, upon such Terms as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

Hamborough A Petition of divers Clothiers and others concerned Company. in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Town of Arinly and Worthy, in the West Riding and County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, by the good Management of the Hamborough Company, was a general Benefit to the Cloathing Trade; but, for want of a Support to the said Company, they, and all English Merchants, are like to be excluded from that Trade to Germany by Foreigners, who have got the greatest Part thereof, and who may endanger the Loss of it to this Nation, by their Insight into the Manner of working, and the Opportunity of exporting, our Wool; or, by Hardships put upon the Clothiers, debase our Manufactures: And praying, That the said Company may be established and protected in their Trade directly to Germany; and that the Exportation of our Wool may be effectually " prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time.

Lindsey A Petition of Sir Robert Killigrew Knight, Hen. Killi-

Jffcvel. 'greiv, Thomas Windham, Edward Heron, and TVm. Killi-

grew, Esquires, in behalf of themselves and others, claiming under the Drainers of Lindsey Level, in the County of Lincolne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in 1634, the Commissioners of Sewers, Lords, Owners, and Commoners of Lindsey Level, at a general Assembly, contracted with the Earl of Lindsey for draining the same; for which he was to have 24,000 r Acres, and be put into the Possession of 14,000 Acres for his own Use, as soon as he should have drained the Lands between Bourn and Kime Ea, and to have the other 10,000 Acres when the Whole should be drained; and the Contract was decreed by the Commissioners of Sewers, confirmed by the Royal Assent, and inrolled in Chancery; and the Earl took in Participants; and, at the Expence of 80,000 /. so effectually drained that Part between Bourn and Kime Ea, that the Sewers decreed 14,000 Acres to the said Earl, and ascertained the same: That the Proprietors thereof built thereon several good Houses; inclosed, and plowed, and sowed, a considerable Part thereof; and planted themselves and Families there, intending to drain the remaining Part of the Level: But the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Towns, taking Advantage of the National Troubles in 1641, riotously entered on the said 14,000 Acres, and destroyed all the Buildings, Fences, and growing Crops; and have forcibly held the same in common ever since, notwithstanding many legal and amicable Endeavours have been used to regain the same: And praying, That the Petitioners, and their Participants, may have Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Decrees, and their Title under them to the said 14,000 Acres, Part of the said Level.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the said Petition be rejected.

.Mansell's Mr. Price, according to Order, presented to the House Estate. a Bill to enable Edward Mansell Esquire, to mortgage and sell the Impropriate Rectories of Llanridian and Pen-rice, in the County of Glamorgan, for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Ilenlys, and other Lands of more Value: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Passage House a Bill for the more speedy and effectual making a from chan-convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln sAnn- l

fields, and Places adjacent: And the same was received; ^.fields, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Trefasis have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for hindering Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs was read the Third time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TpIIpvs fertile Was V Colonel ^cei X elieis for the ieas,£Sir

Tellers for the Noes,f ^hike,

'(Mr. luedge:

So it passed in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until

nesday Morning next.

550-

129.

Wcd-

Papists Protestant lltij

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Employing whom the Bill for the more effectual employing the Poor, tlje 1>oor* and encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Defective whom the Bill for the quieting the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Incroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Tranklyn and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ciobery* the more speedy Payment of the Debts of John Clobery Estate. Esquire, deceased; and for raising Portions and Maintenance for his Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Attornies reducing the excessive Numbers of Attornies, and such as practise as Attornies: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

o

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Cajlofl. until this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as House, shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill for taking away the Duties upon Woollen Ma- Woollen nufactures exported was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee tures' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for taking off the Duties upon all Sorts of Grain, Bread, Biscuit, Meal, and Malt, exported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for taking oft* the Duties of Aulnage, after the Time of the Expiration of the Grant thereof.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a old Em Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill India C for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants Pan)'-of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation.

1 Mr.

11W. III.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Cook took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cook reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, after the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Employment of the Poor, and encouraging the Manufactures of England, is committed.

Jfipply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-fcod lax ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tttwes ^ouse>to consider further of the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates, and Interests, in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the ] 3th ! Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garrisons; and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen; and for other necessary Occasions.

187

The House being informed, That the Bill for the Coinage Duties of Coinage is near expiring; Duties.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Continuance of the said Coinage;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Motion be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. JVagstaffe, Sir Walter Yonge, Tythes of Mr. Frcke, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Shacktrly, Mr. Hemp and Thursby, Mr. Rayner, Sir JVm. Cook, Sir Hen Parker, F ax*

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. England, Sir Henry Goff, Mr.

Stringer, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Duke, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax is committed.

A Bill to enable Eduard Mansell Esquire, to sell and Mansell* mortgage the Impropriate Rectories of Llanridian and Estate* Penrice in the County of Glamorgan, for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Henlys, and other Lands of more Value; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

8° — 90 Fe

DrfonL&c. Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of tenons. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk; and touching the Election for the Borough of Clif ton I)artmouth Hardmse, in the County of Devon; be made upon Saturday Morning next.

I remittees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 9° die Februarii; 11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Dolphin of Pool Ship.

Prayers.

AP ETITI O N of Sir William Phippard Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner bought a Dutch built Flyboat, now called the Dolphin of Poo!, of one Shadrack Lester, for less than 100l. she being a Prize, and very rotten; and the Petitioner, to do the Carpenters and Seamen of Pool a Kindness, and to increase the Trade there, did rebuild the said Ship, which cost him above 1,200l.; but some Doubts have arisen, whether she is, by an Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade, prohibited to trade to or from any of his Majesty's Plantations: And praying, That the said Ship may be made free to traffick, to and from the Ports of this Kingdom, to any of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Kill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. MoIi/jicilt and Air. Blake do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

raMa- A Petition of the Alayor, Aldermen, and Burgo-fcktores. masters, of the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and many other Clothiers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Decay of the Woollen Alanu-facture, and the Discouragement it lies under, the Clothier is rendered incapable of employing the Poor as formerly; whose Condition is very miserable, and the Poors Rates very insupportable to the Petitioners: And praying, That the Woollen Manufactures may be encouraged, for the Benefit of the Petitioners, the Advantage of the Poor, and the Interest of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of England', and particularly to consider of the Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Vol. 13.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clobery> for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of John Estate* Clobery Esquire, deceased; and for raising Portions and Alaintenance for his Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gunners of the Garrison of Ports- Army vkuth was presented to the House, and read; setting Arrearg-forth, That they are obliged to constant Attendance, and their Wages but \2d. a Day; yet there is near Seven Years behind of half their Pay, and they have received no Subsistence since the 2d of December past; whereby their Families arc* in a miserable Condition, and some of them have been actually starved for Want: And the Petitioners are told, the reason of their so far Arrears is, that Garrisons a re not within the Letter of the Act for Payment of the Army: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Gardner'* intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Joseph tstate-Gardner and Sarah his Wife, late the Estate of Wm. Ridges Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies therein mentioned; and for applying the Residue of the Aloney, upon Trusts therein specified; be read Tomorrow Alorning.

Air. Picrpoint reported from the Committee, to whom Beer and Ale the Bill for the Ascertaining the Aleasures for retailing Ale Measures, and Beer was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Deduction*, before this House a yearly Account of the Deductions f<JrSi?PY for Slop-cloaths, Dead Alen's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at [n°^a^ c* Chatham, Chaplain, and Surgeon, since Poundage was taken from the Treasurer, of the Navy, and a Salary settled in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Henry Shales, William Roberts, and Grants from Tho. Roberts, Esquires, do lay before this House an the Crown* Account of the Fee-farm Rents, Quit-rents, and Lease-rents, that have been granted since his Majesty's Accession to the Crown; with the Contracts themselves, and the Considerations upon which they were granted.

Resolved,

U»

Seamen's

Aireiif*.

Cov.'pers

EsUte.

Bounty on Corn.

Leave of Absence.

Employing the Boor.

Old East India Company.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Supply.

188 9° — i o° Februarii. . A. 1699.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, t.iKe into Consideration the Petitions and Report from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, relating to the Q's and Its.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords iiave passed a. Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Coztpcr, of die City of Chester, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payments of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Bounty Money for exporting Corn, from the cjth Day of February 1699, to the 29th Day of September 1700, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Olivers have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Employment of the Poor, and Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cook reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, a Corporation, was committed, the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That # #

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} '4°*

Tellers for the Noes,>^‘ } 165>

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty. And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to a Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Bounty Money for exporting Corn from the 9th Day of February 1699, to the 29th Day of September 1700:

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Noble Gentleman to sell the undivided Third Part of the Manor of Forton, in the County of Leicester, when he shall have settled other Lands, an intire Estate, of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House' to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TliursdayMormug State of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dee w hom the Bill for making the River Dee navigable was Navigat committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commii

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Februarii; n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

CHRISTIAN Lilly, Antony Fackenhoff, Moses Arm-

rant, William Messiner, and James Dayrolle, alias Tresoniere, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gardnei for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardner and Sarah Estate, his Wife, late the Estate of William Ridges Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies therein mentioned; and for applying the Residue of the Money, upon Trusts therein specified; w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Lieutenant Charles Hubbelthome was Half-pj presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Father, Colonel John Hubblethome, served in English Pay in Scotland and in England many Years; and was afterwards slain in a Sea Engagement; and the Petitioner, upon the late Resolution, went over into Ireland, with Duke Schonberg, and served as a Lieutenant in the Earl of Meath's Regiment; where, in the first general Attack against Lymrick, the Petitioner was wounded through the Face and Tongue, and thought mortal; under which he lay in great Pain several Months, speechless; and, before he was thoroughly recovered, marched with the said Regiment into Flanders, and served there until he lost his Speech again, and contracted such an Illness, that he was forced to desire Leave to come over for England for Relief; and, in his Absence, another was put in his Post; and his Sickness being of a long Duration, occasioned his not applying sooner to the House: And praying, That, in Consideration of his Father's long and faithful Services, and the Petitioner's own Services, Sufferings, and Disabilities, he may be admitted into Half-pay, for his necessary Support, he having never had any Allowance.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Molineux, according to Order, presented to the Dolpl House a Bill for the Ship Dolphin of Poole to trade as a Poole free Ship: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday next, in a full House.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Employing the Empl Poor, and Encouraging the Manufactures of this King- P dom, was read the Third time:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 1.

L. 1. by inserting " but," before " under

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Housfc, and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

n W. III. 10° Februa 189

% Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Judicature Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom the

office and for erect*nS a Judicature to relieve poor Officers and

Soldiers.411 Soldiers, touching their Pay detained from them, and other Injuries complained of, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider-

ation upon this Day Sevennight, in a full House.

Dover Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Hwbour. whom the Petition relating to Dover Harbour was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Monday next, at Eleven a Clock.

Bow-lace. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating to the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace, was referred, be made upon Wednesday next, in a full House.

Wtof Ordered, That Admiral Hobson have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredeth and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

fialtrtyd's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to for naturalizing jFrancis Vandertyd and Agneta Vanda'-

mcrsch, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Wman's Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Quires, supply the Loss of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, heretofore made by Philip Holman Esquire, since deceased, to George Holman his Son, now also deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

fod Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of toon, privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Or ford, in the County of Suffolk; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and Wm. Johnson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Thomas Felton Baronet, and Sir Charles Hedges Knight, to serve for the said Borough:

That the 1st Question between the Petitioners and Sitting Members, and determined by the Committee, w»as upon the Right of Election.

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Portmen, capital Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said Borough.

That the Number of the Portmen is Eight; the Number of the capital Burgesses is 12.

That the Sitting Members Counsel insisted, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses only.

A‘i That the Petitioners Counsel, to make out the Right,

& as by them alleged, produced several Returns of

Persons to serve in Parliament; viz.

2d and 3d Phil. and Mary, the Indenture is made between the Sheriff of Suffolk, on the one Part; and Ten 12 burgamum villce de Urford, et communitat' ejusdem villa, ex altera parte; and says, quod preedict' burgeuscs VOL. 13. ' ' ' '

et communitas clegerunt; and concludes, quod preedict 12 burgens sigilla sua apposuerunt.

28 Eliz. Major, burgenses, et communitasvillee. et burgi de Orfovd elegerunt; and concludes. Major, burgenses, et communitas villce et burgi preedict', sigiilum sunm commune apponi feccrunt.

15 Car. 1. Major, communitas, et burgenses, qui pro-clamationi, in pleno com fact' inteifuer, clegerunt: The Return is under the Common Seal.

16 Car. 1. The Return is made in the same Manner.

The Petitioners Counsel also produced a paper, which begins thus. Orford electio burgensium pro Parlia-merit0, ibidem, 22 (Jctobris 1640.

Willjelmus Platers miles, et Carolus le Grosse miles, nominati pro burgensibtts.

"Then follows the Names of the Mayor, Eight Port-men, and of several capital Burgesses, and others, to the Number of Forty-one; and concludes,

Preedict' burgenses, sicut preefcrt\ nominati, electi sunt, nullo contradicente.

And it appeared by the Evidence, That the said Paper was Mr. Alexanders Hand, who was Town Clerk of Orford at that time the said Poll was mentioned to be taken. And

Mr. Nathanael Gooding said, That he found the said Pa^ per, about 14 Years since, among Mr. Copping s Papers, with the Town Seal; which Mr. Copping had been Mayor of Orford: That he had been a Member of the Corporation for Twenty Years and upwards, and never knew Freemen denied to vote; and that he had acted as Town Clerk in the Year 1680, when there happened an Election, at which Sir John Duke and Mr. Glemham stood Candidates: That he then called over the capital Burgesses and Freemen, and there was no Objection to the Freemen when called over; but they did not sign the Indenture of Return; yet owned there was no other Candidates nor Dispute about it: That at the Election soon after the Resolution, Sir Adam Felton being like to be out-voted, and he making Interest for him, sent for Simon Bredstrey and Richard Townsend, antient Freemen, w hom he kept private, in case there should be Occasion for them; and that Tho. and Joseph Hastings were the Occasion of sending for them; but there being no Occasion of them, he acknowleged they did not vote: That at the Election in 1695, the Freemen, as well as the capital Burgesses, were called over before the Election.

Simon Bredstry said, That he was at the Election in 1695, at which time he gave his Vote for Mr. Jeremy Copping, that lived in London; and that about Seven or Eight Years ago, Mr. llamond of Burford sent for him to give his Vote; and accordingly he did go to Orford; but did not vote, there being no Occasion for him.

Mr. Palmer, who had been Portman 15 or 16 Years, and John Marrett, who said he had been a Freeman ever since the Year 1680, said, They were present at the Eleo tion in 1680; and that the free Burgesses were called over at that Election, and held up their Hands, as well as the rest.

Mr. John Hook said, He had been at Three Elections since the Year 1680, when all the Freemen were called over, and voted.

Mr. John Stephens, who had been Freeman of Orford 40 Years, said, that he remembred, that the free Burgesses had joined with the capital Burgesses in several Elections; but he could name only One Election, which was that of the Earl of Disert and Mr. Glemham, when they were not opposed; nor did he ever know any Election controverted.

That the Sitting Members Counsel, by way of Answer as to the Point of Right, produced the Charter of the said Corporation primo Jacobi, being an In-speximus of a Charter 21 Eliz.

And also several Indentures of Return.

In Queen Elizabeth's Charter there are several Tnspcxi-mus s as high as Henry the 3d of other Charters; and by the Charter of Henry the 3d, They are called by the Name C c c of

Orford

Election.

190

io° Febru.

A. 1699.

of probi homines i and in the following Charters, down to Queen Elist. they are called burgenses; and by her Charters they are constituted a Mayor, Eight Portmen, and Twelve capital Burgesses; and afterwards are these

Words, ----- -Et quod de catero imperpctmm in futurum

predict' octo portmanni villa sive burgi illius, et duodecim capitales Burgenses villa illius et successors sui, portmanni, et capitales burgenses pradict sunt et erunt, et habeantur et reputabuntur sola coirmunitas ejusdem villa, ac ipsos communitat' burgi de Orford pradict facimus, creamus, constituimus, et declaramus, per prasentes.

That the Returns were as follow:

26 Eliz. Major et communitas ex eorum cornmuni

assensu elegerunt----- Major ei communitas sigillum suum

commune burgi pradict apposuerunt.

30 Eliz. in the same Form.

39 Eliz. in the same Form.

43 Eliz. differs only in the Conclusion; which is, tarn vie' quam major, sigillum officior suor apposuerunt.

21 Jacobi, The Election was in the same Form; but concludes, Major, communitas, sigilla separalia officior* suor' apposuerunt.

11 Caroli. The Election was in the same Form; concludes, Major et communitas, sigilla separalia officiorum suorum apposuerunt.

13 Car. 2di, The Election was in the same Form; Major et communitas sigilla officiorum suorum apposuerunt.

31 Car. 2di. The Indenture between the Sheriffof the one Part, and the Mayor and 1 o other Persons, named

Majorem partem communitatis ejusdem villa et burgi-----

Major et communitas pradict ex eorum assensu et con-

sensu eleger'unt--Major et communitas sigillum suum

commune apposuerunt.

330 Car. Major et communitas, qui proclamations interfuerint, elegerunt--Major et communitas sigill* com-

tnune villa sive burgi pradict apposuerunt.

7* Willielmi fit. The Indenture between the Sheriff, of the one Part; and the Major, et communitatem ejusdem burgi, of the other VexL — ^Major et communitas elegerunt, tam vie', quam major, et communitas sigilla officin orum suorum apposuerunt.

9 Willielmi 3H, in the same Form.

1 o WiUklmi 311, in the same Form.

That it appeared by the Town Book, that John Marret was made free the Second October 1682.

That there was also read to the Committee, out of a Book of the Corporation, an Entry made at a Court held by the Mayor, Five Portmen, and Five capital Burgesses, on the 5th of February 1680, in these Words: Memorandum, quod eadem die, fyc. major et communitas

he could remember for 40 Years very well; and that he never knew any Persons elect but Mayor, Portmen, and 12 capital Burgesses; nor have the Freemen offered themselves, or been called over at such Elections, as the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses, are; and that he never knew Simon Bredstrey vote, or offer to vote at any Election.

Tho. Thurston, said, He had known Orford 20 Years, and has been at several Elections; and that the Right was in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses.; and he never knew Freemen called over, or offer to vote.

William Robinson said, That he was a Portman, and had been a Freeman of Orford 19 Years; and that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgeses only; and that himself was a Freeman Nine Years, and never voted, nor never knew any Freeman offer to vote.

John Brady said, That he was a capital Burgess and had known Orford 47 Years being born and bred there, and that the Right w'&s in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses; and that he never knew Freemen offer to vote till the last Election.

John Tyes said, That he is a capital Burgess, and had known Orford 20 Years; and that the Right was in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses; and that he never knew Freemen vote, nor called over.

Mr. Edmund Foster, a Neighbour to Orford, said, That he had known Two or Three Elections; and that the Method was, that the Town Clerk, before the Election, called over the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses, and doited such of them as did appear; and that, at the Election in 1693, he dotted with Mr. Porter the Town Clerk; and that the Freemen are not called over: However, be acknowleged, that some of the Freemen would be in the Room, and upon the Naming of the Candidates would hallow and make a Noise at Elections.

Sir Charles Gandy said, That he had known Orford 20 Years, and had been a capital Burgess of Orford\ and had endeavoured to satisfy himself in the Constitution of the Town; and that they did assure him the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses: That he was present once when the Lord Discrt w as elected, and there was a great Confluence of People; but they were not distinguished by Freemen: However, he acknowdeged, for refusing the Office of Mayor, he had been discontinued for some Years.

That the Committee, upon the Evidence, came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suf-

burgi pradict assmblat et congregat existeri in camera folk, is in the Mayor, Portmen, capital Burgesses, and hujus burgi, eligend' burgenses pro parliamentQ domini Freemen of the said Borough. regis proxfutur tenend', ex eor umnimi assensu et consensu nominaver Joharmem Duke bar et Thomam Glem-ham ar\ fore burgem* pro hoc burgo, ad parliament dicti donum regis apud Oxon prox' teneruT.

The Sitting Members x Counsel called several Witnesses; viz.

William Porter: Who said, He had been Town Clerk ever since the Year 1682, and remembred all the Elections since that Time; and positively asserted, that the Right of ElecUon was in the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses only, and that the Freemen did not use to be called over at Elections; and that he had looked over the ancient Books, and did not find any Footsteps of Freemen's Voting, nor never knew them demand to be polled till the last Election; nor was there in his Time any Poll taken till last Election.

Mr. Thomas Hastings said, That he had been Portman

That the Right being so settled by the Opinion of the Committee, the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to shew, that the Petitioners had the Majority of Votes: And called

Mr. Nath. Gooding: Who produced a Poll, which, he said, he took by the Mayor Stevens' Order in the Town Chamber; and he said, all that were so polled were Port-men, capital Burgesses, or Freemen.

Upon the said Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Sir Edmund Bacon, 33.

For Mr. Johnson, 34.

That there were for Sir Edmund Bacon Eight Portmen, Nine capital Burgesses, and 16 Freemen; and for Mr. Johnson, the same Number of Portmen, and capital Burgesses, and 17 Freemen.

That there being Two Persons acting as Mayor at Or-

about 46 Years; and that he had been present at all ford, namely, Mr. Stevens and Mr. John Syred] Sir Tho.

Elections since that Time; and that the Mayor, Portmen, and capital Burgesses, were the Electors; that the Freemen at such Elections were not called over, nor demanded to be polled; and if they did, they were denied; and that Simon Bredstrey did not vote at Mr. Copping's Election, nor w*as sent for by him; nor do Freemen vote for Mayor or Chamberlains.

Daniel Whitby said, He was born in Orford; and that

Felton, and Sir Cha. Hedges were proposed by Mr. Syred, and Sir Edmund Bacon and Mr. Johnson by Mr. Stevens, That Mr. Porter drew a Piece of Paper out of his Pocket, which, he said, was the Precept, but he did not read it: That Mr. Porter began the Poll for Mr. Syred, and he the said Mr. Gooding began to take a Poll for Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Porter forbid him to go on: That he had not polled above Four or Five Men, but he desisted,

Mr.

11 W. III.

io° Februarii.

191

Mr. Porter promising to be just: But afterwards, the That the Committee-thereupon were of Opinion, and Orford said Mr. Porter refusing to poll the Freemen, he went directed. That the Counsel should be confined to bring Electioi on with his Foil, and polled, for the Petitioners, the Evidence of such Persons only, as were made Portmen,

Numbers above-mentioned. capital Burgesses, or Freemen, for the Borough of Or-

Being asked by the Sitting Members Counsel, if he ford, before Michaelmas 1693. did not begin his Poll after the Return was made by Mr. That the Counsel being acquainted therewith, the Sit-Syred; he said he did not; but he took the Poll in the ting Members Counsel delivered in their Poll taken by Town Chamber, and called them all over twice. Mr. Porter, under the Mayor; upon which the

That there are none polled for the Sitting Members in Numbers were thus,

It appeared to the Committee, That there have been Eor ^!r Of1' 1

Two Mayors in this Corporation ever since the Year 16.

1693, and two Sets of Officers, one Set acting under one trr ?lr Bacon, 3.

Mayor, and the other acting under the other Mayor; and 1 or i'^r"

thereupon there arose a Question, which of those were Of which the Counsel for the Petitioners did admit legal Freemen, who were made Freemen since this Dis- Eight who voted for Sir Tho. Felton, and Seven who pute about the Mayor; the Determining of which de- voted for Sir Cha. Hedges, to be made free before pended on the Legality of the Mayor. Michaelmas 1693.

And, as to that, it appeared, That on the 13th of But the Sitting Members Counsel did not think

August 1693, there was a Court held by the Mayor, which further to controvert the Numbers; but put the Cause occasioned this Difference in the Town; some being of upon this, That not one of the Petitioners Voters, not Opinion this Court was not duly summoned nor held; set down by Mr. Porter, demanded to be polled; and and consequently, that the Three capital Burgesses elected for that they called several Witnesses: at that Court were not duly elected. Mr. Porter, Mr. Edmund Foster, Mr. Tho. Hastings,

By the Evidence of Mr. Nathanael Gooding and Mr. Mr. Tho. Thurston:

Tho. Palmer, it appeared, That there were present at The Substance of whose Evidence was, That, about that Court the Mayor, Mr. Nath.Gooding, Mr. Palmer, Nine a Clock in the Morning of the Election Day, they and the Two Hastings'; and that the first Three being went to the Hall; and the Portmen and capital Burgesses the Majority of that Court, were for filling up the Vacancies were called over, and acquainted with the Occasion of of capital Burgessess; and accordingly they elected Mr. their Meeting; and that though Sir Tho. Felton and Sir Glemkam, Mr. Bence, and Mr. Hook; and Joseph Kemp Cha. Hedges had the Majority in Appearance, yet a Poll the Seijeaat proved, That he had given the usual Notice was demanded, and had; on which, the Numbers were, of the Sitting of the Court, though Mr. Hastings, being as in the Poll by Mr. Porter delivered in; and that no examined for the Sitting Members, said, the Court was Person did particularly demand to be polled, but who are held by Surprize, and they did not come in till the Three there set down; and that Mr. Stephens, without any Precapital Burgesses were elected. tence of being Mayor, polled as a capital Burgess at Mr.

Upon this Difference, the Two Hastings' being Clavers, Syreds Poll; and the Earl of Dysert, Sir John Duke, and and One of the Keys of the Chest where the Charter and Mr. Palmer, polled at the same Poll for the Petitioners: Town-writings were kept being lost, they broke open That, after the Poll was over, they made Proclamation, the Chest, and took out the Charter and Writings, and and the Common Seal was put to the Indenture in open set up a distinct Interest; so that the then Mayor was Court, Mr. Stephens being present; and then they ad-forced to have a new Book to enter the Proceedings of journed the Court: Yet it was acknowledged, that there his Court; and, on Monday before Michaelmas, these were Freemen present; and the Earl of Dysert, and Mr. divided Interests chose Two Mayors; and this Town have Johnson, did demand, That the said Freemen should be continued to have Two Mayors ever since, each having polled.

a Mace and Officers. That the Petitioners Counsel offered to call other

There have been, upon these Disorders, several Pro- Witnesses as to the Point of taking the Poll; but, that ceedings at Law; and there was produced to the Com- Matter being examined to before, the Committee did not mittee a Copy of a Record of an Information against the think fit to have any more Witnesses as to that said Rich. Gooding, Nath. Gooding, and Tho. Palmer, And that the Committee, upon the whole Matter, came

for holding the said Court on the said 13 th of April, to these Resolutions:

without Notice to the rest of the Portmen, and electing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and swearing the said Mr. Glemkam, Mr. Bence, and Mr. That Sir Thomas Felton Baronet, is not duly elected a Hook, Capital Burgesses; as also for holding another Court Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough on the 24th of May then next following, and putting out of Orford, in the County of Suffolk.

Hairy Parker and Joseph Hastings, Two Portmen; and R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

swearing of Mr. Hook, and Mr. Saunders, into their room; That Sir Hedges Knight, is not duly elected a

whereupon there was a Verdict, upon the Tryal at Bar, Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said for the Defendants: And Borough of Orford.

Mr. Berts said, That the Trval lasted Three Hours; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and the Verdict was, upon full Evidence, to the Satisfac- That Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, is duly elected a Bur-non of the Court. ges3 to serve in this present Parliament for the said

There was also produced the Copy of a Record of an- Borough of Orford. other Information, which was brought against Thomas Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hastings and Joseph Hastings, for breaking open the That William Johnson Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess Chest, and taking away the Charter and Evidences of to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough the Corporation; upon which there is a Verdict against of Orford.

the Defendants: And The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Mr. Betts said, That it was tried before the Lord Chief And the Question being put, That the House do agree

Justice Holt, at Ipswich; and, upon full Evidence, they with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right

were convicted, and a Capias was sued out, and they of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough were brought into the King's Bench Court, and Counsel of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Mayor, moved, That the Charters and Writings might be restored; portmen, capital Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said and the Court said they should be restored: But after- Borough; wards, Mr. Attorney General entered a Noli prosequi; the House divided,

upon which they moved to be brought into Court again, *piie Noes go forth,

which was granted, and they were alter wards discharged.

Vo l. 13.

Tellers

Dartmouth

Election.

Employing the Poor.

'Woollen Manufactures, &c.

Committees.

Baldwyn s Estate.

Lacy's

Estate.

ipi 10° — 12° Februarii.

] >7*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time. Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were so.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harvey:

Teller, for, ho

149-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Thomas Felton Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, by rasing out the Names of Sir Thomas Felton Baronet, and Sir Charles Hedges Knight; and inserting, instead thereof, the Names of Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and William Johnson Esquire.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardncsse, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relieving and Employing the Poor of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for taking off the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures exported.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 12° die Februarii; 11° Gulielmi Tertii.

a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order; Orford and amended the Return for the Borough of Orford, in Return the County of Suffolk. amended.

A Petition of 7?fc^T^/C^/7tfe Esquire, an Infant, younger childe's Son, Executor, and Devisee, of and in the last Will and Estate. Testament of Sir Josiah Childe, late of Wansttd\ in the County of Essex, Baronet, deceased, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Sir Josiah did, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas Cook, enter into several Covenants for settling divers Lands and Hereditaments to several Uses:

That the Petitioner is w illing to perform his Father s said Covenants; but is at present incapable so to do, by reason of his Infancy: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Covenants, and for supplying some Defects in the Marriage Articles then made.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Tho. Willoughby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Grants fro House an Account of all Grants made since his Majesty's the Crowa Accession to the Crown, which are not already laid before this House: And the Title thereof was read: And the Account is as followed!; viz.

April 1689. A Grant unto Richard Lord Coote, and his Assigns, of the Moiety of the clear Profits which shall accrue to his Majesty, during the last Eight Years of a Term of 14 Years, granted by the late King James to Sir Rob. Clark and others, of the Benefit of certain Inventions for the Extracting of metalline Bodies, particularly Gold, Silver, Copper, Lead, and Tin, reserving 13s. 4d. per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto the Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, his Majesty's high Almoner, of all and singular the Goods and Chattels, Debts, &c. of all Fdos de se, and of Deodands, which are already, or shall become, forfeited to his Majesty within this Kingdom.

May 1689. A Grant unto Wm. Earl of Portland\ his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of Theobals House, and the late Park, or inclosed Ground, called Theobals Park, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, with all Arrears of Rent, and Profits of the Premises, since the Death of Christopher, late Earl of Albemarle; which Premises, for want of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, fell to the Crown.

A Grant and Demise, unto Tho. Preston Esquire, of the Site of the late dissolved Monastery, of Farneis, and

AN ingrossed Bill for the better enabling Anne Baldayn Widow, to make Sale of a Capital Messuage and Lands called Wiltons, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, devised by her late Husband's Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better enabling Anne Baldayn Widow, to sell a Capital Messuage and Lands called Wiltons, and other Land a in the County of Bucks, devised by her Husband's Will.

Ordered, That the Lord Chenie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of several Western Manors and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Equire, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; wras read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of several Western Manors and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire, for discharging

other Lands, in the County of Lancaster, for a further Term of 21 Years, from Lady-day 1689, at 200l. per Annum Rent, being before leased to him in the 35th Year of King Charles the Second, lor Seven Years, at 400l. per Annum Rent.

June 16S9. A Grant, unto Samuel Clark Esquire, of 300l. per Annum Pension out of the Revenue of the Customs, during Pleasure.

A Grant unto Geo. Tuthill, of Exon, Merchant, of 100l. per Annum, out of the Customs of that Port, from Lady-day 1(389, during Pleasure.

A Grant of 50/. per Annum, for the Benefit of King Charles the First Hospital, and 50/. per Annum, for the Poor of St. Margaret's Westminster, out of the Exchequer from Christmas 1688, during Pleasure.

A like Grant of 100l. a Year, for the Poor of St, Martins.

July 1689. A Grant unto Christ. Vane Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, of the Office of Master Forester and Chief Warden of ail his Majesty's Forests and Chaces, within the Lordships of Bernards Castle, in the County of

o

r i W. III.

1-4° Fjbfuarii.

193

of Durham; and of £hfef Keeper ttf thte 'Forest1 of Teahdell, and Chase 6f in'the sArrie County.

August 1689. A 'Grant unto Thdmds Hyde and Elh. Ms Wife, and the Survivor df Jthem, of 56/. per Annum ^Pension, out of the Customs'Hi the Port of Pool, during Pleasure.

September 1689. A Grant unto Derick Stork, his Majesty's Body^Coachman, of all‘Customs, Subsidies, knd Impositions, arisen, or to arise, since the :i 3th of Jobriidry 1689, upon the Importation of any Coach Horses, Mares, or Geldings, during Pleasure.

A Grant unto Charles Earl of Mbtintoufh, of the Office of Water Bailiff of the River Seterne, and Creeks and Harbours therein, with the Jettage and Flotthge thereof, Right of Fishing, and all Fines and Amerciaments and other Profits thereto belonging; to hold for 99 Years from the 9th of August 1689, at 10^ Per Annum Rent.

February 1689. A Grant unto the Bishop of 'Chester, for the Use of the Four itinerant Preachers in Lancashire, of 200l. per Annum during Pleasure, charged on the Rent of 200?. per Annum, reserved to his Majesty upon the Lease of the Site of the late dissolved Monastery of Fatness, granted to Mr. Preston.

A Grant unto William Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, his Majesty's Almoner, of several forfeited Recognizances, amounting to 4,400l. entered into Jasper Grant and others, and lately estreated into the Exchequer; to hold for the same Uses and Purposes, for which Goods and Chattels of Felons are granted to the said Lord Alilioher.

A Grant unto Walter Whitfdid, and others, Of One-third of a Tenth Part belonging to his Majesty, of all Ships, Money, Vessels, and other Things, as have been taken from the Mogul, and his Nabob of Decca, of which the East India Company, and others concerned, were to give a full Account.

A Grant unto John Cook, of several Debts and Judgments recovered by, and belonging to, Geo. licdney, late of Lindhurst, in the County of Southampton, Esquife, the said Rodney being outlawed at the Suit of the said Mr.. Cook.

A Grant unto Henry Lord Delamere, of several Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford, of the yearly Value of 4.59/. with the several Sums of 300l. and ioL all found by Inquisition to be settled upon popish and superstitious Uses; habend* the Money without Account, and such Part of the Lands and Premises which arc Fee-simple, or held for any Term of Years to endure for 31 Years and more, for the Perm of 31 Years from the making of this Grant; and to hold such other Parts, which are held for Life or Lives, or determinable upon the Death of any Person or Persons without Issue, for the Term of 31 Years, if such Interests respectively shall so long continue; and to hold such other Parts of the Lands and Premises as are held for any Term less than 31 Years, during the Continuance of such Terms; paying5/. per Annum into the Exchequer.

March 1689. A Grant to George Watson Esquire, of a certain Space or Parcel of Land called die Sea Valley or Beach, and all Buildings thereupon, in the County of Kent, touching which an Inquisition was lately found, and returned into the Court of Exchequer; habend' for 61 Years, at 6$. 8d. per Annum Rent, with a Clause for the Lease to cease for so much of the Premises, as shall not be recovered in Seven Y~cars time.

April 1690. A Grant or Demise unto Richard Earl of Umlagh, of a Piece of Ground and the Mansion-house thereon built, with the Appurtenances, in the Tenure of the said Earl, and lyinu near the Royal Hospital at Chelsey, for the Term of 61 Years, at 15 /. 7s. 6d. per Annum, payable for the Use of the said Hospital.

May 1690. A Grant unto Arthur Earl of Torrington, and his Heirs, of 10,000 Acres, or thereabouts, in Peterborough or Bedford Level, to take Effect immediately alter the Death of the late Queen Maty, Consort of the late King James, or other sooner Determination of the Estate of her Trustees therein, in case the Grant to them be valid in Law; but if the same be not valid, then to hold, VOL. 13.

immediately fropa the making of this Grant, at 13s> 4d. Grains jrom ;per Annum Rent. the Crown.

A Grant unto the Lord 'tVilfiafii Pair let, of the Revenues and Profits of the Green-wax of the Exchequer; habend' for 41 Years, at 500l. per Annum Rent, payable into the Exchequer; with a Proviso, That if the ‘said Revenues should make moni than 3,600l. per Anhum. the Lessee is to render ^th Parts of the Overplus to the Crown.

A Grant to her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of 'Denmark, of 20,000l. per Annum, out of the Revenue of Excise, during het Life; with a Limitation of 8,000l.

Part thereof, after her Decease, to the Prince of Denmark, for his Life, and the remaining 12,000l. per Annum in Trust, for the Issue of the said Princess; and after the Death of the Prince and Princess, the Whole to go to the said Issue, during the Life of his Majesty.

A Grant unto Sir John Elzves, his Heirs and Assigns, of 14 Messuages, with their Appurtenances, in Queen-street, in the City of London, late the Estate of Wm. Har-ccurt alias Harrison, attainted of High Treason, and all Arrearages of R6nt diie for the same, rendering 6s. hit. per Annum.

A Grant unto Henry Duke 6f Grafton, his Heirs and Assigns, of the West Wing, and Part of the East Wing, of the Mansion-house called Berkshire House, alias Cleave-land House, and several Pieces and Parcels of Ground thereunto adjoining, and the Stables and othbr Buildings thereupon erected, with their Appurtenances, reserving the Rent of 13s. 4d. payable at Michaelmas yearly.

A Grant unto Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs, of the Manor of Dantsey, and Hundred of Chippenham, and Premises to them belonging, in the County of Wilts; and also all the forfeited Estate, late of Sir John Danvers; to take Effect alter the Death of life Queen Consort of the late King James, if the Grant made of the Premises, in Trust fur her, be valid; and if the same he not valid, to hold immediately from the making of this Grunt, at 300l. per Am um Rent.

A Grant unto Sam. Richardson, of London, Goldsmith* of :oS/. 10$. assigned to him by John Hind and John,

Toptady; which was levied upon the Estates of John and Thomas Temple, in the County of Devon, in Aid of the said Hind and Toplady, to whom the said Temples w ere indebted.

July 1690. A Grant unto Sir Steph. Thompson Knight, of all Sums of Money due to his Majesty, upon Bonds entered into by Eliz. Marshall, for Performance of certain Covenants, so far as the same shall concern her Estate; but not to molest the Sureties, whom his Majesty is pleased to discharge.

August 1690. A Grant unto John Earl of Clare, of so many Trees to be felled in Shenvood Forest, not fit for the Navy, as may raise 1,500l. towards building his House at Houghton, and making a Park there.

October 1690. A Grant unto Robert Nott Esquire, and George Knight Merchant, of Part of the extended Estate of Thomas Price, of London, Goldsmith; beings Persons nominated by Arnold Broun, to whom /the said Price was indebted; for to hold such Estate and Interest as his Majesty had therein, by reason of the said Extents.

December 1690. A Grant to Sir Richard blandish Baronet and others, in Trust for the Vicar of Let and for' the Time being, and in Augmentation of the said Vicar-' age, of a Messuage called Ldand-hall, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Lancaster, formerly the Inheritance of Robert Charnock, and settled to superstitious Uses.

A* Grant unto Alexander Rosier, and his Heir?,^of Seven Messuages, with their Appurtenances, in Knuts tons Alley and Bedfordbury, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields \ which were the Possessions and Inheritance of AnhC Burlace, deceased, and devised to superstitious Uses; at 6s. $d. per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto Sir Tho. Wiibruham, his Heirs and Assigns, of the Reversion of* the Crown, of the Lordship and Manors of Longdondate and Mot tram, with their Appurtenances, in the County of Chester, under tine yearly Rents Ddd formerly

" Iq " in the original Paper.

Grants from tie Crowu.

194 I 2° Febfuariu

formerly reserved for the same, after the Determination A Grant to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester, of all of the Estate Tail therein, granted bfthe late Queen Deodands, Felons Goods, and Goods of Felons them-Mary, to Richard Wilbraham Esquire, and the Heirs selves, happening in several Manors in the County of Male of his Body, . Gloucester, and Manor of Overberraiv, in the County of

January 1690. A Grant unto John Penneck Gentle- Hereford\ with a Release of what hath been heretofore man, of all Tin Mines, within the Manor of Ryalton, and received by them, or their Predecessors.

Hundred of Pelrockshire, in the County of Cornwall; to November 1691. A Grant unto John Stileman, at the hold the same for the Term of 19 Years and an Half, to Request of the Earl of Oxford, of the Estate, both real commence from the Expiration of a Term of 31 Years and personal, of John Cook, Gentleman, attainted of thereof, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to Felony and Murder.

Sidny Godolphin Esquire, now Lord Godolphin, render- A Grant to Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, of the Tempo- ing One Tenth Part of what shall be recovered, clear of ralitiesof that Bishoprick, between the Feast of St. Andrew all Charges. the Apostle 1690, and the 17th July 1691.

A Grant unto John Penneck Gentleman, of the Manor A Grant unto Sir Steph. Fox, of a Messuage, in his of Ryalton, and Hundred of Petrockshire, in the County Possession, in Whitehall, for 42 Years, at 6 8d. per

of Cornwall, with a reserved Rent of 120/. per Annum, Annum Rent, with a Clause of Re-assumption, on Pay-payaibleout of the same; to hold for Ninety-nine Years ment of 2,000l.

from the Date of this Grant, to be concurrent with the December 1691. A Grant to John Dutton Colt, Col-

Several Terms or Interests of the now Queen Dowager, lector of Bristol!, of 1,254/. 1 s. gd. out, of the Com-

and the late Queen Mary, Consort of the late King James, position Money to be paid by Samuel Packer, and others, therein, at "the Rent of 120/. per Annum, payable when on Account of Non-payment of the Customs for cer-the Grantee, his Executors or Assigns, shall be intitled to tain Parcels of Tobacco, as they ought to have done: receive the Rents and Profits of the Premises. This in Consideration of Colds good Services performed

May 1691. A Grant unto Thomas Marquis of Car- therein.

marthen, of the yearly Rent or Sum of 3,500l. pay- A Grant to Richard Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, able out of the Revenue of the Post Office, for the Term of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between the of 21 Years, from Christmas 1690. Feast of St. Andrew 1690, and his Lo^ship's Grant of

June 1691. A Grant unto Edward Thompson, of the Restitution to the same.

Office of registering all Servants that shall go voluntarily, A Grant to Thomas Neal Esquire, of the Power of or be sent, to his Majesty's Plantations in America, lor establishing a Post Office in his Majesty's Islands and 21 Years, with all Fees thereunto belonging. Colonies in America, for 21 Years, at 6 s. 8 d. per

July 1691. A Grant or Confirmation to the Earl of Annum Rent.

Bath) of 5,000l. per Annum, granted him by Letters February 1691. An Authority under the Privy Seal, Patents of King Charles the Second, with Direction for to the Surveyor of the Woods, to raise 20,000l. in Seven paying one Moiety thereof out of the Revenue of the Post Years, by the Sale of scrubbed Beach, Birch, Holly, Office, and the other Moiety out of the First fruits and Hazle, and Orle, in Dean Forest, in the County of Glou-Tenths, during his Life: This is in Consideration of a cester; that is to say, 2,000l. in one Year, and 3,000l. Surrender of the Sum of 20,000l. Arrears owing the re- a Year for Six Years afterwards; Part thereof to be laid upon. out in Repairs of several Buildings, according to an Esti-

August 1691. A Grant to William Gulston, and his mate therein contained, and 500l. to be paid to Daniel Heirs, of the Power of laying Water-pipes in several Pa- Osbomie, towards rebuilding the Town of Hcadong rishes within the Borough of Southwark, and Liberties in Yorkshire, consumed by Fire; and 2,500l. to be paid thereof, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants there, from to Henry Guy Esquire, for secret Services; and the Re-Waterworks in Southwark, belonging to the said Gulston. mainder into the Exchequer.

September 1691. A Grant to Francis Strut, and his A Grant to Richard Lord Bishop of Peterborough, of Heirs, of a Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Ash- the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between the Feast borne, in the County of Derby, then of the improved of St. Andrew the Apostle 1690, and his Lordship's Value of 120/. per Annum, and all Arrearages and mean Grant of Restitution to the same.

Profits of the Premises, at the Rent of 50/. per Annum, A Grant to Richard Opie, of the Sum of 201/. 13$. payable to the Vicar of Newark for the Time being, in l o{d. due to his Majesty from Tho. Tannat, late Col-Augmentation of the said Vicarage; the same Messuages lector of the Customs in the Port of Poole. and Lands being the Estate of Tho. Eyre Esquire, who March 1691. A Grant unto John Lord Bishop of was seised thereof, in Trust, for superstitious Uses. Norwich, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between

A Grant to Thomas IScat Esquire, in Consideration of the Feast of St. Andrew the Apostle 1690, and his 5oo/. paid into the Exchequer, of a Moiety of a Fifth Lordship's Grant of Restitution to the same.

Part, reserved to the Crown, upon a Grant before made ' A Discharge to Robei't Earl of Sunderland, of 7,964 to Philip Ford Merchant, of all the Wrecks to be taken up Ounces of gilt and white Plate, delivered to him out of before Michaelmas 1695, on or near the English Coast, the Jewel Office.

from the North Foreland to the Westward of the Lizard, A Grant to Sir Thomas Chidley, of 906 Acres of dere-including the Seas and Banks near the Island of Scilly; as lift Lands, lying in, and adjoining to, the Towns of South-likewise a Grant of all Wrecks to be taken up by the said cave, Elecker, &c. in the County of York; habend' for Mr. Neale, or his Assigns, between Michaelmas 1695, and 99 Years, at 50/. per Annum Rent, from Lady-day 1692: Michaelmas 1702, in the Places aforesaid; reserving a This in Consideration of a Release to the Crown of a Tenth Part to his Majesty, and a Fifth Part to the Lord Debt due to Sir Henry Chichly, Lieutenant Governor Godolphin; as likewise a Grant of all Wrecks to be taken of Virginia in the Reign of King Charles the Second, up or recovered by him from Languard Fort to the North A Grant to Captain Christopher Billop, of 900l. gs. 6(L Foreland, and from the Land's End to the Bar of Barn- due from the Estate of Richard Parry, to answer a Super stable, at or before Michaelmas 1702; reserving one on his Account, as Receiver of the Rents of the Lord- ( Tenth Part to his Majesty, clear of Charges. ship of Diffrindoyd, and Town of Ruthin, in the County

‘ A Grant to the said Thomas Neal, of all Minerals, of Denbigh, in the time of King Charles the Second. Mines, Ores, and Metals, belonging to his Majesty, A Grant to Tho. Offley, of one Moiety of what he shall within the Colony of Virginia, for 31 Years; reserving a recover of his Majesty's Tenths of Silver, and other Terfth to his Majesty. Riches, taken up from several Spanish Wrecks in America,

October 1691. A Grant to John late Archbishop of by Persons of his Majesty's Plantations, that have not Canterbury, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, been answered or accounted for by them to the Crown, accruing between St. Andrew the Apostle last exclusive, A Grant unto Patrick Cunningham, James Innas, and the 11th July 1691. and Five others, of all their personal Estate, forfeited

‘ to

li W. III. 12° Februarii.

*95

to his Majesty, by their being Evicted of High Treason.

April 1692. A Grant unto Tho. Cheeky and others, at the Nomination of Letitia Russell, Executrix, and late Wife, of Tho. Cheeky deceased, late Governor of the Tower of London, of 600 /. per Annum, out of the yearly Rent of 1,500 /. payable into the Exchequer in Ireland by Catharine Countess of Dorchester, for certain Quit-rents in that Kingdom, to the Value of 5,000l. per Annum, granted to her. by the late King James, for 99 Years, if she should so long live; hafond' to the said Cheek for 31 Years from Lady-day 1692.

May 1692. A Grant and Confirmation to Sir Rich. Newdigate Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, of the Manor of Astiey, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Waneick, which were heretofore granted, by King Philip and Queen Mary, to Edward Chamberlaine and Eliz. his Wife, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Edward and came to Sir Rich. Newdigate, Father of the aforesaid Sir Richard, by Conveyance and Assurance in the Law, at a Pepper-corn Rent, if demanded.

A Grant and Demise unto Edward Viscount Villers, of the Site of the late Monastery of Burnham, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Bucks, for 99 Years* from the Expiration of a Lease thereof from King Charles the 2d. to fVm. Samwell Esquire, for 31 Years from Michaelmas 1674, under the yearly Rent of 11 /. 18 6. 1 d.

A like Grant to the said Viscount Villers, of the Manor of West Ashford, in the County of Devon, with its Appurtenances; and also the Advowson of all Churches and Chapels there, for 99 Years, from the Expiration of a Lease granted by King Charles the Second to Sir Amias Pollard, for 25 Years, from the l of April 1676, under the yearly Rent of 11/. 18 s. $d.

June 1G92. A Grant unto William Harbord Esquire, his Heirs and* Assigns, of the Office of chief Ranger of St. James's Park, and the Herbage and Pannage thereof, and the Lops, Tops, and Crops, of all Trees, and of all dead and windfall Trees, with the Salary of 60 /. per Annum, during the Lives of him, and Catharine his Wife, and the Survivor of them.

A Grant, in Fee, unto James JVard Esquire, at the Nomination of Tho. Neal, and in Consideration of 791 /. paid into the Exchequer, of Marsland Close, and the Houses and Lands thereunto belonging, in the Parish of St. Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, at 3 /. per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto Thomas Neal Esquire, of all Wrecks to be taken by him or his Agents, upon or after the 26th June 1694, and before the 26th June 1701, within 20 Leagues of Bermudas.

A Grant to the City of London, of the Fines and Amerciaments upon Persons convicted for Offences committed on the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, in the Courts of Conservancy for the said Rivers and Waters, and removed by Certiorari out of those Courts into the King's Bench,

A Grant to 7ho. Neal Esquire, of all Wrecks which shall be taken up by him, or his Agents, at any time within Seven Years from the Date of this Grant, between Carthagena and Jamaica, and between either of those Places and Havanna; reserving a Fifth Part to his Majesty.

July 1692. A Grant unto the said Tho. Neal, of all Treasure-trove to be recovered by him, or his Agents, between the Date of this Grant, and the 26 June 1701, in the Island called Ireland, near the Island of 1Bermudas-, reserving a Fifth Part to his Majesty.

A Grant unto Henry Bishop of London, 10 Trust for the Lady Viscountess Pur beck, of a Parcel of Plate, to the Value of 500 L which were the Goods of Robert Fielding Esquire, outlawed for Treason.

A Grant to Thomas Neal Esquire, of all Mines Royal, and all Mines of Lead, Tin, Copper, and all Minerals, and Veins of Salt-petre, within every of His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, except as therein excepted; habencT ior 51 Years; rendering to his Majesty one Sixth Part of all Gold and Silver, and delivering Vot. 13.

one Sixth Part of Salt-petre into thfc Office of the Ord- Grants trout nance; and rendering one Tenth Part of the clear Profits the Crown, of all Lead, and other the Premises.

September 1692. A Grant unto Martin Peckover, of 119/. levied upon the Estate of Edward Pearce, of Whitlingem, in the County of Norfolk* who was outlawed, at the Suit of the said Peckover.

A Grant unto Henry Acourt, and others, in Consideration of 2,100l. paid into the Exchequer, of the Use and Exercise of the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, for 11 Years from Michaelmas 1692, under the yearly Rent of 4,200l. for the first Ten Years and an Half, and a Pepper-corn for the last Half Year.

October 1692. A Grant unto Christopher Fmler and others, in Consideration of 500 /. paid into the Exchequer, of the Tenth Part, reserved to his Majesty, of the Wrecks to be taken up by Mr. Neal> or his Agents, within 20 Leagues of Bermudas, before 26 June 1694; and a Moiety of a Fifth Part, reserved to his Majesty, of the Wrecks to be taken up in the Parts before-mentioned, after the 24th June 1694, and before the 24 June 1701, pursuant to the Letters Patents in that behalf.

A Grant unto Thomas Neal, of a Moiety of a Fifth Part> and all the Tenth Part, reserved to his Majesty, upon certain Grants to Francis Smarfoot, of the Benefit of new Inventions for working in the Sea to take up Wrecks by.

A Grant and Release unto the said Thom. Neal, of the Moiety of a Fifth Part, reserved to his Majesty, upon the Grant of Treasure-trove, in the Island called Ireland, near Bermudas, and of the whole Fifth Part, of all Wrecks, reserved upon the Grant of Wrecks, to be taken up between Carthagena and Jamaica.

December 1692. A Grant and Confirmation unto Samuel Reynolds Esquire, and his Heirs, of the Manor of Ccrwherne, in the County of Hereford, with its Appurtenances, escheated to the Crown, under the same Rents, if any, as were payable before the time of the Escheat.

A Grant unto Richard Reed, his Heirs and Assigns, of the Messuage, Lands, and Estate, late of Richard Reed\ of Gobberhill, in the County of Gloucester, which was found, by Inquisition, to be settled to superstitious Uses, and of the Arrears and mean Profits of the same, under the Rent of Four Nobles per Annum.

January 1692. A Grant unto Tho. Bishop of Lincolne$ and his Heirs, of a Parcel of Ground, Tabernacle, or Building, near the Parish of St. James, Westminster; and a Demise unto the said Bishop, of a Parcel of Land, adjoining to the said Premises, with all Buildings erected, or to be erected, thereupon, for 99 Years, from 14 February 1722, at 20s. per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto Philip Howard Esquire, of a Pension of 400 /. per Annum, out of the Rent of the Lotteries, for 11 Years from Michaelmas 1692.

February 1692. A Grant to Francis Nicholson, and others, and their Heirs, Trustees for the Benefit of the College to be erected in Virginia, of 1,925/. 14$. 10 d. of his Majesty's Quit-rents there; and of the One Penny per Pound of Tobacco, put on board of any Vessel, within the Colonies of Virginia and Maryland, belonging to the Crown; and of the Office of Surveyor General of the said Colony; and also of 20,000 Acres of Land.in the said Colony; the whole to be applied towards the Erecting, Finishing, and Endowing the said College; rendering to the Crown Two Copies of Latin Verses, by the President and Masters thereof.

A Grant unto Edward Wigg Gentleman, of several Sums of Money, amounting to 1,964/. 14$. owing to his Majesty, upon the Account of several Receivers of the Revenue in North Wales.

A Grant to Andrew Corbet Esquire, of the Power of making Copper Farthings for the Term of Nine Years, from Lady-day 1693, under the yearly Rent of 1,000l.

March 1692. A Grant unto John Hambden and Thomas Covell, in Trust for the Duchess of Grafton, of Ha-vering-Park, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, under the yearly Rent of 20 with a Release to the said John Hambden and Tho. CovelL,

for

Febmarii. 1699.

theJPia^b^ss, <rf X4g;/.p^r Annig^a, A Grant mtoJSeymur Tredenham Esquire, in Con- % fti»wn. ijP^Qf ;J.5p,/..pj2r jAopym, which will, 1ppn^atiie Crpwp, sideration of 1,000l. paid into the Exchequer, of the Duty after the Death of foe, Queen Dpw^agsr. of Postigrpats in the County of i Cornwall, with the Ar-

AfGm&t tp>fopiDuke $f L'wsfar, qH all not *eOT and moan Profits of the dame, due since 30

ijoing already grafted, as jfoftfl be, recovered ,kyihHii, Qr April)1688, and not answeredinto, the Exchequer; habendl iis Agents, wftbin 30 Years from the;Dwe,?in A^ierjca, for 31 Years from Christmas 11692, under the Yearly itent between the Latitudes of 13 Degrees <§pufo, :and 4Q [De- frf 019:1*

gr^s North. A Depiisetmto Richard #S4?v^: Esquire, commonly

.A (Discharge ito>the JHLeics and Executors of Roger called Lord Colahester, of a Pieae of (Ground called Kmghw> Qf 673 /. 1£jS. wfeioh he Mood iindiebte^i :to' the JFood?vood,\nAhc County of JS&eVftfQr 99 Years from Crown, ^eceiver.Qf the.yea^hTmQneyiin die Time of the Date, at 6*s. 8d. per Annum. jfotxgiGkavles the Second. A Grant and Assignment unto Henry Herbert Esquire,

A Grant to Jacob Leister, of all -the (Estate, ,real and of 2,18.1 /. 4 s. 6{d. owing to ihis Majesty from Recass ^personal, of Jacyb Leister, late of the City of New York in Floyd' on his Account of the ifievenue of Wales, whereof America, his Father, forfeited by his QhiwoUou of High the was Receiver; as also of 384^ 3$- 4d. depending on Reason; w.rtha like Grant untp Mary Milbura, of the Mr. Nash's Account, as Receiver of those Revenues for jEstajte of ber late Husband, forfeited for foe same the Year ending at Michaelmas 1688, and all other Ar-(Cause; and likewise a Grant and Restitution unto Ger- rears appearing to be due from the said Nash, to the 15 rprd Redunan, and Live ?ofoqrs, of the same City, of March 11692; with an Assignment of a proportionable foeir Estates, real and personal, forfeited as aforesaid. Part of a yearly Sum payable to Gilbert Whitehall, and March 1692. A Demise unto Lewis Medwell Gen- his Heirs, out of the Excise, for the Sum of 824/. 4 &. tleman, of a Piece of Ground and /the Buildings there- owing by the said Whitehall to the said Floyd, of which upon, lately Part of a Field near the Rest-house field, in the said Whitehall was thereupon to be discharged.

St. James* Parish, Westminster; jiabend* for 9.9 Years, An Authority under the Privy Seal, for paying 6,000U from the j 4 February a 722, at 13 s. 4d. Rent: This was unto Sir John Guise, out of the 20,000l. to be raised by intended for Ids Encouragement, towards /erecting an Wood Sales within the Forest of Dean, in Six Years Axa/fegoy upon Part of the Premises. from the Date, at the Rate of 1,000l. a Year: This in

A Demise unto Richard Powys and John Taylour Consideration of his faithful Services.

Geutfomen, at foe Nomination of Win. Lowndes Esquire, A Grant and Assignment unto James Herbert Esquire, of a Piece of Ground near Soho, with* a narrow Slip lead.- of the several Parsonages and Rectories of Milton and ing thereto; a Parcel of Ground, called Great Spittle-? Harston, in the County of Kent, and all Houses, Lands, Jields, near Chelsey; and another Parcel, called Little Tythes, and other Profits thereunto belonging, forfeited Spilllejields, near Knightsbridge; and of several Buildings by the Attainder of Sir Edward Scott, with the Arrears upon Part of foe Premises; all which laid been demised and mean Profits thereof.

by King Charles the Second to Sir JVm. Puftney, for se- May 1693. A Demise unto Geo. Sayer and John Sayer yeral long Terms in befog, which were purchased by the Esquires, of the Lordship and Manor of Muckland, with said Mr. Lowndes; hahend}for 99 Years, ^tseveral Rents, its Appurtenances, in the County of Lancaster; and of amounting to 1 /. 6s. 8 d. per Annum. Lernood Park, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in

A Grant and Assignment to Robert Maning Esquire, the said County, for the Term of 99 Years, from the of a Mortgage made by Charles Earl of Manchester, of Death of the Queen Dowager, Part of whose Jointure foe Park, Tann, or inclosed Grouncj, called Achill Park, the said Premises now are, concurrent with the Terms in the County of Essex, for 1,500l. paid tp him by John granted, or to be granted by the said Queen, or her Ashton, forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder of the Trustees, therein, and under the yearly Rent of 10 s.

aid Ashton. June 1693. A Grant and Demise unto Richard

4 Grant and Assignment unto Ralph Cook Esquire, of Hamilton Widow, of Three Messuages, with their Ap-l 0,602 /. 6 s. 9 & and 4,203/. 17 a due to his Majesty, purtenances, late in the Tenure of John Bonneck; and from Tho. Price, of London, Goldsmith, and of all the several other Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, lying Estate of the said Price, extended, and seized towards near Hide Park, in the County of Middlesex; habendI' for Satisfaction of the sfod Debts; except his Sb^re in the In-? 99 Years from the Expiration of a Term of 31 Years, surance Office, that was lately granted tq Robert Noll and heretofore granted to Tho. late Lord Culpeper, under Geo. White; to hold fur such Terms and Interests, and the year yearly Rent of 10$.

tinder such Rents, as the same were held at foe fone of A Grant unto Sir Cornwall Bradshaw, and others, of the Seizure* all the Estate, real and personal, of John Hynde, late of

A Grant unto Tho, Neal and John Tissack, of all London, Goldsmith, extended, and seized for several Debts Wrecks, to be recovered within Seven Years after the and Sums of Money due to the Crown; habend* for the Date, within 30 Leagues of the Isle of Sables in America, several Terms and Estates, and under such Rents as were betwixt 40 and 50 Degrees of Northern Latitude. payable to the Crown at the time of the Seizure thereof,

A G rant unto Ferdinando Hastings Esquire, of 12 seve- wish all Arrearages and mean Profits of the Premises, to ral Messuages, with their Appurtenances, erected on Part their only Use and Behoof.

of foe Land or Close called Pdlmell Close, in foe Parish. August 1693. A Grant unto Joseph Hornby, his Heirs, of SL James, Westminster; habend* for 5t Years and an Executors, and Assigns, of all the Estate, both real and Half, from Michaelmas 1740, at 5 s. per Annum Rent. personal, of Edmund Robinson, of Barkand, in the County A Grant unto Thomas Payne Esquire, and his Heirs, of York, Clerk, and of Benjamin his Son, forfeited to his of the Manor or Lordship of Holme-Cultram, in the Majesty by their Conviction and Attainder of High . County of Cumberland, with the Demesne Lands and Treason.

Hereditaments thereunto belonging; being now Part of . A Grant unto the Bishops of Litchfield and Coventry> the Queen Dawagcr's Jointure; at the Rent of 13 $. 4rf* and St. Asaph, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators* per Annum. and Assigns, of certain Rectories, with their Appurte-

April 1693. An Authority under the Privy Seal, for nances, in the County of Montgomery, and several Tythes raising of 5,000l. by the Sale of decayed Trees, not fit and Glebe Lands in the said Rectories, all of the clear for the Navy, in the Forest of Whittfcwcod and Salsey, yearly Value of 400 L found, and seized into his Majesty's to be paid to the Duchess of Grafton, in Part of 12,000 /. Hands, as Parcel of the Estate of the Marquis of Powys, directed by the Privy Seals of King diaries the Second, forfeited for Treason, for the Residue of a Term of 2t and the late King James, to be raised, and paid to the Years, upon a Lease thereof in being, from the Dean and* Earl of Arlington, to whom the said Duchess was. sole Chapter of Christ Church \nOxon, upon the several Trust* Heiress. following; viz. first to discharge the reserved Rents

payable.

It is " Elizabeth " in the Original Paper.

O

11W. III. i 2° Febraarii. 197

payable for the same; then to reimburse the said Bishop its Appurtenances, and other Lands, Demesnes, Rents Grants from of Coventry 380 /.; next, the Charges, as well of this and Hereditaments, in the County of Surry; habend' for the Crown. Grant, as the Management of the Trusts therein; and 99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager, Part then to distribute the Residue of the Profits in Augmen- of whose Jointure the said Premises are, concurrent with tation of several Vicarages. such Terms as are, or shall be, granted therein by her

Sept 1693. A Grant unto Eliz. Bonnet, of several said Majesty, or her Trustees, under the yearly Rent of

poods of Tho. Jones, to the Value of 58/. u s. ^d. 3/. 6s. 8d.

Seized into his Majesty's Hands by the then Sheritfs of A Grant or Demise unto Geo. Booth Esquire, in Con-London, upon a Capias utlugatam, issued against the said sideration of 950/. paid into the Exchequer, of the

Jones, at the Suit of the said Bmnet. Manor of Westham in the County of Essex, with its

October 1693. A Remise and Release unto Sir Samuel Appurtenances, together with Hamfreth Wood, Parcel'of Daskwood, Sir Stephen Evance, Sir Henry Furnesse, the said Manor, and the Ground and Soil of the same;

Francis Dashwood, and Tho. Pennyman, of his Majesty's habend' for 99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Moiety, Right, and Title, of and in a Seizure of Raw Silks, Dowager, Part of whose Jointure the said Premises are, appraised at 14,718/. 17 s. and forfeited by Reason of concurrent with such Terms as are, or shall be granted unlawful Importation; and of and in the several Ships, therein by her said Majesty, or her Trustees, under the wherein the same was imported, and the Furniture, Am- yearly Rent of 180/. 15$. $ld.

munition, and Provisions thereunto belonging. A Demise unto Charles Earl of Carlisle, Sir George «.

A Release and Discharge to the Governor and Com- Fletcher, and Tho. Benlozves junior, Esquire, of all the pany of Merchants trading to the East Indies, in Con- Estate found, by Inquisition, to be forfeited to his Ma-sideration of 16,638/. 16$. 1 id. paid into the Exchequer; jesty, in the Counties of Cumberland and York, by the 1,361/. 13 s. 1 d. by them paid into the Court of Exche- Attainder of Sir Richard Grahme of High Treason; quer, in Part of Prizes; making together 18,000l. of the habcnd' for 99 Years, from Lady-day, 1693, if the said Moiety reserved to the Crown, upon their former Charters, Sir Richard shall so long live, under the yearly Rent of of the Goods of Persons trading without Licence, within 500l. for the Premises in Cumberland, and 300l. for those the Limits of their said Charters, before Lady... 169.5, in York; with a Clause to determine an Annuity of 600l. which have been seized and condemned by them; as also payable by virtue of his Majesty's Letters of Privy Seal, a Release of the Tenth Part, reserved to his Majesty, of all out of the said Estate, to the Wife of the said Sir Richard;

Ships and Goods taken as Prize, in Prosecution of the and Covenants on the Lessees Part, to pay 400l. per War against the Great Mogul; and of and from 7*940/. Annum, to Susan Relict of Reginald Grahme Esquire, j s. 9d. decreed in the Court of Exchequer, to be paid by deceased, and 20/. per Annum to Sir Henry Goodrich the said Company to his Majesty; with a Grant of his and Tho. Leister Esquire.

Majesty's Tenth of all such Prize Goods, as yet are rc- March 1693. A Grant unto Charles Frasier and Charles mainingiu the Hands of the Commaoders of their Ships, Bridgman Esquires, in Trust forB^ritfraViscountess and have not been applied to the Use of the Company. harding, in Consideration of a Fine of 1,000 /. to be paid December 1693. A Grant unto Sir John Hoskins Knight, into the Exchequer, of the Fourth Part of the Lordship his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of all those Islands called and Barony of Kendall, in the County of Wzstnmland, and Ascension, Trindad, and MartinVaz, situate between the several Lands, Rents and Hereditaments, in the Counties 3 8th and 22d Degrees of Southern Latitude, and be- of Westmorland and York; habend' for 99 Years, from tween the 18 and 25 Degrees of Longitude West from the Death of the Queen Dowager, Part of whose Join-the Meridian of London; and also the Office of Sheriff ture the Premises are, concurrent with such Terms as are, within the same Islands; yielding to his Majesty the Fourth or shall be, granted therein by her said Majesty, or her Part of the Profits of all Mines of Gold and Silver, wrought Trustees, under the yearly Rent of 10 s. in the said Islands, on the 5th Day of November yearly; A Grant unto Anthony Meek Gentleman, in Trust for of which Islands, the said Sir John was also appointed Tho. Felton Esquire, of the Manors, Parks, and Lands, chief Governor, during his Majesty's Pleasure. of Sumersham, Hedley, Fenton, Bluntshar, Colne, and

January 1693. A Grant unto Mcshac Smith, the then Frith, in the County of Huntington, for the Term of 43 Vicar of Hendon, and his Successors, forever, of a Pension Years; which was granted to Denzin Lord Hollis, from of 100l. per Annum out of the Rents and Profits of cer- the Determination of a certain Term of 99 Years, of tain Rectories and Tythes there, being Part of the Estate which there is about 25 Years yet to come, in Trust for of the Marquis of Pczcys, and forfeited to his Majesty by the Queen Dowager for her Life; and after, in Trtist for his Attainder, with an immediate Gift of 100l. to the the Crown.

said Meshac out of the same. April 1694. A Demise unto Edward Dazell Citizen

A Grant unto Sir Algemoon May, and alsoto Wm. Petit and Stationer of London, at the Nomination of Sir Tho.

Esquire, now Keeper of the Records in the Tower, of the Clarges and IImry G uy, Esquire, of several Messuages and yearly Sum of 350/. to each of them during Pleasure, Hereditaments, in the Parishes of St. James and St. Mar-payable out of the First Fruits, and annual Tenths of the tins in the Fields; habend' for 29 Years, from the 14th of Clergy, with a Grant of an additional Salary of 250/. per February 1C93, under the yearly Rent of 7/. 16s. 10d.

Annum more to the said Petit, in case he survives the and 5 L: And this contains a further Lease to the said said Sir Algcrnoon. Sir Thomas Clarges, and Henry Guy Esquire, in Consider-

February 1693. A Grant unto Crcrcen Howard, and ation of 2,498/. 6s. lod. to be paid into the Exchequer, others, of the Use of all such Waters as run dow n the of several Pieces and Parcels of Land, Part of the Pre-Common-sewers within the Bills of Mortality, except as mises before demised to Edward Dazel; habend' for 99 therein is excepted; habend' for 99 Years, at Five Marks Years from 14th February 1722, under the yearly Rents per Annum Rent. of 12 /. 6$. 10 d.; which said several Terms of 29 and 99

A Grant unto Maynard Duke of Schonberg and Lein- Years are to be subject to certain Trusts appointed by iter, and the Heirs M ale of his Body, in Consideration of the last W ill and Testament of Sir William Pulincy. his Father's Services and Losses, of 4,0001, per Annum, A Grantunto Sir Thomas Clargis and Henry Guy, their payable out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Consideration of 2,498 /. the Sum of 100,000l. intended by his Majesty, to be o^. 6d. to be paid into the Exchequer, of several Parcels given to his said Fattier, for making Provision for himself of Ground, Messuages, Houses, Tenements, and Heredi-and Family, shall be paid. taments, in the Parishes of St. Martins in the Fields and

Memorandum: An Account of this was before given St. James's, except the several Rents reserved upon the to the House. aforegoing leases of Parcel of the Premises; with a

A Grant or Demise unto Wm. Blatkwait Esquire, in Power for them to convey Parcel of the Premises to Consideration of hisgood Services, and oitfil. is. 11 id. Trustees, for a Burying-place to the said Parish of St. paid into the Exchequer, of the Manor of Egham, with James's, and to stand seised of the Whole, except the Vox.. 13. E e e Burying

G.rant* from the Crown.

198 120 Februarii. A. 16 99.

Burying-place, in Trust for the Uses appointed by Sir William Poultney's Will, under the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 d.

A Grant unto Iirnry Viscount Sidney, and John Glover, of a Moiety of what they shall recover from the Hudsons Bay Company, of his Majesty's Share, or reserved Parts, of* all Prizes taken by them, and of all Fiqesand Forfeitures from Persons trafficking within the Limits of their Charters, that have been concealed, and not yet answered to his Majesty: This in Consideration of their Care and Pains in and about the same.

May 1694. A Release and Discharge unto Sir Ja. Shatn, and others, Farmers of the Revenue in Ireland, for Seven Years from Christmas 1675, of 33,660/. 3$. 3id. due to his Majesty on the Account of the said Farm; which was declared in England, 29th October 1691, in Consideration that so much as shall countervail the said Debt is to be deducted and discounted,' to make good several Allowances craved by them and not hitherto given.

A Grant unto Henry D. Nassau Seignior D. Averquer, his Heirs and Assigns, of the yearly Rent of 800l. out of the Revenue of the Crown in South Wales, and the yearly Rent of 1,200l. out of the Revenue of North Wales.

June 1694. A Grant unto Sir Joseph Herne, and others, of the Licence and Authority of making Farthings and Halfpence of Copper for Seven Years from Midsummer 1694; paying the refore to the Comptroller, to be appointed by his Majesty, 2001, per Annum, and changing all the Tin Farthings and Halfpence.

August 1694. A Grant unto Charles Duke of St. Albans, and Diana his Wife, of an Annuity of 2,000 /.

Ser Annum, payable as followeth; viz. 500l. out of the levenues of Wales, 500 /. out of the Profits of the Alienation Office, and ],oooo/. more out of the First Fruits and Tenths; habcnd' from Midsummer 1694, for their Lives, ^nd the Life of the longer Liver of them; with a Grant of 500l. payable immediately out of the said Revenues.

A Release and Discharge unto the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of John Bence and Sir Alexander Bence, deceased, of and from all Debts, Actions, Seizures, Process, ^nd Demand whatsoever, for, or upon Account of the said Sir Alexander Bence and John Bence, being Farmers of the Revenues in Ireland.

October 1694. A Grant unto the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Lord President of the Council, and several pliers, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, of a Parcel of Ground at Greenwich, and the capital Messuage, called the Palace of Greenwich, standing thereupon; and the other Edifices and Buildings there; for the Benefit of the Hospital, to be erected at Greenwich.

January 1694. A Grant unto George Lord Carteret, and his Heirs, of Licence to convey several Fees and Manors, with their Appurtenances, in the Isle of Jerzey, in several Parts and Proportions, unto George BodenaU, Philip Durell, and others, and their respective Assigns, to be holden of his Majesty, under the same Tenures, Rents, and Services, as the same are held before this Grant; and under a Restraint not to alienate the Premises, or any Part thereof, without Licence.

A Discharge unto Geo. Booth Esquire, of the yearly Rent of 180/. 155. 54 d. reserved upon a Grant lately made to him, of the Manor of West ham, in the County of Essex.

A Grant unto Geo. Bradbury and Geo. Lowin Gentlemen, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, of the Reversion expectant upon a Term of 99 Years, to commence from Lady^day 1695, granted by King Charles the Second to Cka. Earl of Middlesex, of several Tenements and Ground thereunto belonging in the Strand, at the yearly Rent of 24 /. >0 4 d with a Grant of the said yearly Rent; and a Reserv ation of 13 s. 4dL only per Annum for the same.

February 1694. A Grant unto Martha Jackson, of 4,524/. 16s. if d. Part of 10,164/. 16s. if</. received upon the Duties for Barillo's, Smalls, and Pot-ashes, from the 5th of November 1688, to Christmas 1694, which were alleged to belong to his Majesty, notwithstanding

the Grant of the said Duties made by King Charles the Second, to to the Earl of Kinoul, and the Title of the said Jackson, derived from thence; the other Part being deducted for a reserved Rent of 940 /. per Annum, which had been satisfied to the said Earl's Executors.

A Grant to the Treasurer of the Hospital to be founded at Greenwich of 2,000 /. per Annum, out of the Exchequer, towards the building, perfecting, and endowing the said Hospital, with a Salary of 200 /. per Annum to the said Treasurer, to be retained out of the Money, which he shall receive for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

March 1694. A Grant and Demise unto Richard Earl of Rivers, of the Lordship and Manor of lligham Ferrers, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Northampton, for 99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager, concurrent with such Terms as her said Majesty, or her Trustees, grant therein, and under the yearly Rent of 40$.

A Grant unto Henry Earl of Romney, and John Glover, of a Moiety of what they shall recover, of his Majesty's Part of all Prizes, since his Accession to the Crow n, carried into any of his Colonies or Plantations in America, or into any Ports or Places in Italy, and there concealed.

A Grant unto Mary Calf her Heirs and Assigns, in Consideration of 150 /. paid into the Exchequer, of 250 Cart-loads of Charcoal, and 30 Cords of Wood, which were reserved upon former Grants, of the Forest of 8t+ Leonards, in the County of Sussex, from the Crowd, for the Use of Iron-mills there, under the yearly Rent of 361. 13 s. 4d. with which Rent the said Mary Calf 'doth. charge the said Forest for ever.

April 1695. A Release and Discharge to the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of Sir Thomas Duppa, and the late Bishop of Exon, of 655/. 11 s. 8d. due to his Majesty for Tenths, within the Diocese of Exoni whereof Sir Thomas w as Receiver for the Year ended at Christmas 1687 This in Consideration of several Assignments, made by the Executors of the said Sir Thomas, to his Majesty.

A Grant and Demise unto Tho. Preston Esquire, in Consideration of 3001, paid into the Exchequer, of the Site of the late dissolved Monastery of Farnesse Com* Lancaster, fora further Term of 15 Years, after the Expiration. . the 21 Years lately granted to him, and undef the same Rents and Covenants, as in the former Grant.

A Grant unto Richard Nevelland George Daxcnant, at the Nomination of Ralph Grey Esquire, in Consideration of 750 /. paid into the Exchequer, of the Lighthouses and Lights at Wintertonnesse and Orjordnesse; habend' for 60 Years from the Date, if a Grant of the same Premises, heretofore made to Sir Edward Turner Knight, was then void; and if not void, then to hold for 35 Years, from the 15th of April 1720, under the yearly Rent of 20 /.

A Grant unto the Earl of Romney, and Sir Charles Lo-dowick Cotterell, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, of the Reversion of a Rent Charge of 550/. out of the Manors of Hilton and Bradbury, Com' Durham, whereof the Lady Ester'Eland was seised, after the Death of the Queen Dowager, and lake Marquis of Hallifax, which is accrued to his Majesty by the said Lady Elands being an Alien born, and dying without Heirs, and making no legal Disposition of the same.

A Grant and Assignment unto Tho. Wilkins, to his owti Use, without Account, of several Sums of Money owing, to his Majesty from Richard Beer, and many other Persons concerned as Collectors of the Customs.

A Grant unto Eliz. Tillotson, Widow of the late Archbishop, of 400l. per Annum, out of Four and a Half per Cent, from Michaelmas 1694, during her life; with a Discharge to the said Mrs. Tillotson of 2,682 /. 12 s. 2 d due for the First fruits of the said Bishoprick.

May 1695. An Assignment unto William Lowndes Esquire, his Heirs, and Assigns for ever, of his Majesty Stock in the Bank of England, by reason of a Subscription

of

n W. III. Vi0 Februarik 199

of 10,000 /.for his Use; which Stock'was sold and applied in by King Charles the Second, to Sir Wm. Poult ney, Grants from as his Majesty had directed. under the yearly Rent of 10 Shillings. Cl0WD*

A Grant unto Thomas Earl of Bradford, and his Heirs A Grant unto William Earl of Portland, of the Lodg-for ever, in Consideration of 916/. paid into the Ex- ings now in his Possession at Whitehall, for 42 Years, chequer, of a Fee-farm Rent of 66 /. 13 s. 4 d. issuing out at 6 s. 8 d. per Annum Rent.

of Bridstock Park, in the County of Oxon, and ah Ar- April 1696. A Grant unto Mary Milbume, of his Ma-rearages of the same. jesty s Title to 68/. being the Moniesof Thomas Wansell,

A Discharge to Eliz. Countess of Derby, of 2,457 who was outlawed at the Suit of the said Milbum.

Ounces of git and white Plate, delivered out of the A Grant unto William Earl of Rochford, his Heirs and Jewel Office for the Service of the late Queen; with a Assigns for ever, of the Manor of Hendon, and all the Grant to the Earl of Pembrook, and others, as well as of Estate found by Inquisition to be forfeited to his Ma-the said Plate, as of 1,569 Ounces, notin Charge in the jesty, in the County of Middlesex, by the Attainder of Jewel Office, and 400 Ounces of white Plate, and one the Marquis of Pozvys, except the House called Powys Pair of Diamond Ear-rings worn by her said Majesty, House, at the yearly Rent of 13 s. 4 d.; with a Grant of iu Trust for the sole Use of the said Countess. the Arrears and mean Profits arisen to his Majesty out of

A Grant unto Geo. Petty, Michael Godfry, and the said Marquis forfeited Estates in the Counties of Richard Harrison, of the Office of Surveyor of the Northampton and Montgomery, before granted to the Petty Customs in the Port of London; to hold from the said Earl.

Death or Avoidance of Sir John Staples Interest therein, A Grant unto Wiliam Saunderson Esquire, of the during the several Lives of Richard and William Lundey, yearly Rent of 25 Loads of Hay, and 50 Quarters of younger Sons of the Earl of Scarborough, with the Salary Oats, reserved on several Leases from the Crown of the 01300l. per Annum. Site of the Tenement called Nethercomb, and other

A Grant unto William D Nassau Seignior D Znkstine, Lands in the County of Kent; habemT during the Con-of 1,000 /. per Annum, out of the Post Office, from tinuance of the said Leases.

Lady-day 1695, during his Life. May 1696. A Grant unto William Earl of Portland\

A Grant unto James Gibbons of all the personal Estate of the Manor of Grantham in Lincolnshire, Honour of of Paul Buzen, late of London, Merchant, who died Penrith in Cumberland, Manor of Drachlow and Redheath without Issue, Relations, or Will. Coni' Chester, Manor of Terrington in the County

A Grant unto Htnry D Nassau Seignior De Averqyerei of Norfolk, Manors of Batterington, Bristol!, Garthf his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of 2,000l. per Annum, Hornsey, Thwyng, Bumsley, and Leven, in the County of out of the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, from York; all Part of the ancient Revenue of the Crown;

Lady-day 1695; with a Clause for charging the same on and of the Manor of Pevensey Com' Sussex; and of all the Excise, if it cannot be paid out of the Revenue of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments theretd Comcall. belonging; habend' to him, and his Heirs for ever, under

June 1695. A Grant to the Lord Cutts, and Ral. the Rent of 13$. 4*/.

Highgate Esquire, of the real and personal Estate of A Grant unto Thomas Hall Esquire, of a Piece of Witiiam Meers, late of Barbadoes, who died without Ground, with the Buildings thereon erected, whereon St.

Issue, Kindred, or Will. James' Market is now held; habend' for Ninety-nine

A Grant unto Laurence Earl of Rochester, his Heir9 Years, from the Expiration of the Terms on the Leases and Assigns, of Killimgworth Woods in the County of in being, at Ten Shillings per Annum Rent.

Yw'ic, and of the Arrears and mean Profits of the same* A Discharge, as w ell to the Commissioners of Excise* under the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 d. as Charles Duncomb their Cashier, and several Collectors

June 1695. A Grant unto Thomas Lord Coningsby, his of that Revenue, in Consideration of a competent Sum Heirs and Assigns for ever, of the Manors of Harden of Money paid to his Majesty by the said Duncomb, of and Kingsland in the County of Hereford, with their Ap- 6,130/. 19s. 5! d. received by Joseph Reynoldson, upon purtenances, after the Death of the Queen Dowager. Bills of Exchange, returned from the said Collectors for August 1695. A Giant unto William Earl of Rochford, his Majesty's Use; the said Reynoldson having embezzled and his Heirs, of the Estate found by Inquisition to be the same.

forfeited to his Majesty, in the Counties of Northampton A Grant unto Edward Lee, of 500l. bequeathed by and Montgomery, by the Attainder of the Marquis of his Sister to Edward Lord Griffin, who was outlawed Powys, and seized into his Majesty's Hands. for Treason.

A Grant unto Wm. Earl of Portland, his Heirs and A Grant unto Charles Bertie, Sam. Travers, Jam. Her-Assigns for ever, of the Lordship and Manor of Denbigh, bert, and Richard Powys, of a Farm called Nethercomb Bromjkldy and Yale, in North Wales, under the yearly Farm, with several Lands, Tenements, and Rents, in Kent of 6$. % d. the County of Kent, the Manor of East MouUseyi

Memoramdum: This Grant never passed the Great Hampton Court, and Richmond Ferrys; with the Site of Seal. the Monastery of Sheene, and other Hereditaments in the

A Grant and Confirmation unto Deborah Demaresqute, County of Surry; the Lands called Northy, Hoo, and of the Island of Jersey, of a Fee called Faizants irt the Bernard's Castle, and other Lands and Tenements, in the said Island, then in his Majesty's Hands, under the yearly County of Sussex; the Rents of Ampthill Park, in the'

Rent of Nine Sols; with a Grant of the Tythes of Cora County of Bedford; Lands in Shot over, and Stowood9 growing on her Fees, under the yearly Rent of Six arid other Lanas, in the County of Oxon; and of Mari-Cabbalots of Barley, and several other Rights and Pri* bone Manor and Park, in the County of Middlesex; and vileges belonging to her Predecessors. of a Third Part of the Demesne of the Forest of Gil-

February 1695. A Grant unto William Bridgman and Ungham, Com' Dorsett; and of the Agistment, Herbage Josiah Burchet, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, of et and Pannage, in the Forest of Marra, and several Here-Piece of Ground lying in old Sprvig Gardens, iri Trust ditamrints, in the County of Chester; with the Tythes fen' the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Of the Vicarage of Hallifax, Coni' York; habend Admiralty, for the Time being. for 31 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager, at

March 1695. A Grant unto Sainuel Johnson Clerk, of 3 L i $s. 4 d. per Annum Rent.

300 L per Annum, out of the Post Office; habend' for June 1696. A Grant unto Alexander Johnstone Esquire', Ninety-nine Years, if the said Samuel, or Benjamin his. of 300 /. per Annum, of the forfeited Fstate of Sir Roger Son, shall so long live. Strickland, in the County of York; habend for 31 Years,

A Grant unto John PitneyT of several Pieces and Par- frorii Lady-day 1696. cds of Ground, lying near St. James's* street, upon Part A Grant unto Rowland Woodgeare, in Consideration whereof he has lately built a House; habend for Ninety- of 2757. 11 s. 1 \d. of all the Arrears of Rent, due on nine Years, from the Expiration of a Term granted there* a Grant made by King Charles the Second to Sir Joseph Vol. 13. Wagstaffe,

Grants from thd Crown.

loo 12° Februarii. 1699.

Wagstaffe, of the power of exporting Lamprans to Holland, &c.; with a Grant.. the like Power to the said Woodgeare, for 31 Years, from 1 ith September 1694, at kjs. 6d. per Annum Rent.

July 1696. A Grant unto Rickard'EsltI of Ranelagh, of the House and Lands at Chelsey which he now lives in, for Ninety-nine Years, from the 15 th of April 1696, at 5/. per Annum Rent; upon Surrender of a former Grant made to him of the same, for 58 Years, from the 15th of April 1696, at 30/. 4,?. 6d. per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto Thomas Lord Raby, of the Revenue of the Post-fines; habcnd' for 48 Years, from Michaelmas 1708, under the yearly Rent of 2,276 L to be paid from the Commencement of his Term.

A Grant unto Thomas Agar Esquire, at the Nomination of the Earl of Torrington, of the Site of Oat land's House, and the Chambers of Serjeants Inn in Fleet Street, being the forfeited Estate of Sir Edward Herbert, outlawed for Treason.

A Grant unto Thomas Phillips, of what he shall recover and take up of the Wreck of the Ship Beedaugh, then lying in the River of Cork in Ireland; reserving a Tenth Part to his Majesty.

A Grant unto John Lord Cutts, of the Hundred of Drumford, and all other the Estate, both real and personal, found by Inquisition to belong to John Caryll Esquire, who was outlawed for Treason.

January 1697. A Grant unto John Hill and Ralph Hardxcick, of the Forest or late Forest of Arkingarthdale, in the County of York, for 51 Years, from the Date, at the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 d.; with a Clause, that this Seal shall be void, as to such Part of the Premises as shall not be recovered in Seven Years.

January 1690. A Grant or Demise under the Great Seal to the Clerk of the Pipe, unto William Harboj'd, of the Manor of Stoughton Magna, with its Appurtenances, and the reserved Rent of 2001 per Annum, before payable for the same; habendum, for Ninety-nine Years, from the Date, at 5 /. per Annum.

June 1692. A Grant or Demise unto Edward Russell Esquire, in Consideration of his eminent Services, of a certain Piece of Ground, Houses, and other Things, in the Parish of St. Martins, Westminster, Parcel of the Bailliwick of St. James; habend for Ninety-nine Years, in Reversion of a Term granted by King Charles the Second to the Duke of St. Albans, and others, at Twenty Shillings per Annum Rent.

June 1692. A Grant or Demise unto Sir Matth. Andrews, in Consideration of 1,200l. to be paid into the Exchequer, of the Manor of Meerxw the County of Wilts, with the Demesnes, Warren, and Park there, for Twenty-three Years, from Lady-day 1701, at several Rents, amounting to 45 /. per Annum; as also of several Wood-grounds belonging to the said Manor, called Deverlxing-tvood, and Knowlewood, for Ninety-nine Years, determinable upon Three Lives, such as he shall name, reserving the ancient yearly Rent.

February 1694. A like Grant or Demise unto Gabriel Amiiger Esquire, of 201, per Annum, issuing out of the Manor of West Deveham, and certain Lands com' Nor-folle, and all Arrears of the same; habendfor 31 Years, at 40 Shillings per Annum Rent; the same being long concealed and detained from the Crown.

April 1695. A Warrant signed to the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, for conveying divers Fee-farm and other Rents, unto Wm. Earl of Portland, amounting to 1,536/. 14?- id. per Annum, upon paying 24,571/. 5$. 4d. for the Purchase thereof.

August 1695. A Grant and Release unto Tho. Seamen, who purchased under William Betts, of several Messuages and Tenements in Nonvich, Part of the extended Estate of Thomas Price,^granted by the late King James to the said Betts, upon Trust to sell the same to the best Purchaser, for the Purposes in that Grant mentioned.

November 1695. A Grant unto Francis Gell Esquire, of certain waste Lands on that Side of the River Dee,

called Saltney Marsh, and the Common or Heath called Flint Common, found by Inquisitions to be concealed from the Crown; habend for Thirty-one Years from the Date, rendering an Eighth Part of the annual Value of the Premises that shall be recovered.

A Grant unto Nathanael Booth Esquire for a Fine of 62/. 10 s. and, in Consideration of his good Services, of the Pre-fines and Post-fines pro licentia concordandi, in the Counties of Chester and Flint; habend' for 31 Years,* from the Expiration of a Lease in being, at 100 Marks per Annum Rent.

February 1695. A Grant or Demise unto Lancelot Sympson, of several Parcels of Land in the Manor of Penryth, called Htldryck-Myre, Com' Cumberland\ Part of the Queen Dowager's Jointure; habend' for Ninety-nine Years, concurrent with such Terms of Years as her Majesty, or her Trustees, may grant therein, at the Rent of 5 /. and in Consideration of a Fine of 50 /.

June 1696. A Grant or Demise unto the Earl of Macclesfield, of divers Cottages, Mines of Coal, and Profits of Court, within the Borough of Macclesfield, heretofore Parcel of the Possession of the Earl of Chester; habend9 for Thirty-one Years, from Lady-day 1697, at Two several Rents of 20s. and 50s. a Year.

A Grant or Demise unto Thomas Harly Esquire, of the Site of the Castle of Radnor, with Close Mairr and Cow-mead, Com' Radnor; and of all Heriots, Tolls, Demesne Lands, and other Hereditaments, Parcel of the Lordship of Mellineth, in the same County; and of all Mines and Minerals, not yet discovered, within the Lordships of Cater Mellineth; habend' the several Tolls, &c. for 42 Years, from Lady-day 1697, at 15/. 16$. $ d. per Annum; and the Mines and Minerals at 10s. per Annum; and a Tenth Part of the Profits; and the said Site, with other the Premises therewith granted, at several Rents, amounting to 33 s. per Annum.

October 1697. A Grant or Demise unto Wm. Lambard Esquire, of the Site of the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Kent, and several Lands, Woods, and Underwoods there; habend' for several Terms, making Sixty-one Years, in Possession and Reversion, and under the several ancient yearly Rents.

August 1698. A Grant or Demise to Edward Darrell, of a Piece of Land and Wharf thereunto belonging, at Richmond; habend' for Sixty-one Years, in Reversion of the present Interest, at the ancient yearly Rents, and paying a Fine of 200l.

A Warrant to the Trustees for the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, to contract with the Earl of Dorset for Fee-farm Rents, to the Value of 500l. per Annum.

A like Warrant for the conveying a Fee-farm Rent, of 20/. per Annum to James Walsingham.

A like Warrant for conveying to Richard Topham, Esquire, a Rent of 4/. 5 s. 4\d. per Annum, out of the Manor of Windsore wider Ore, and 10/. per Annum out of Sunhill Park.

March 1698. A Grant or Demise under the Great Seal, by Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, unto William Aid-worth Esquire, of Frogmore and Shaw Farms, with their Appurtenances, in the county of 1 Berks, for Ninety-nine Years, concurrent with the Terms unexpired of the Leases then in being, at 7 s. per Annum for Shaw Farm, and 5$. 4d. for Frogmore Farm: This in Consideration of 1,307 paid into the Exchequer, and a Surrender made by the said Aldworth, of several Parcels of Land to his Majesty's Use.

A Grant or Demise to William Smith Esquire, of several Lands and Premises in Old and New Windsor, for Ninety-nine Years, concurrent with the Terms upon the Leases in being, at 5 /. 2 s. 6 d. per Annum Rent: This in Consideration of 130 /. paid into the Exchequer, and a Surrender, as before.

May 1699. A Grantor Demise to the Earl of Car-bury, of the Profits of the original Seal of the Six Counties of Wales, and the Post-fines of the said Counties; habend for 40 Years, in Reversion of the Terms in being,

at

12° Februariu

n W. III.

201

Dover

Harbour.

at6o/. per Annum, for the original Seals, and 74/. for the Post Fines.

September 1699. A Grant or Demise unto Charles Bertie Esquire, of the Manors of East and West Deeping, in the County of Lincoln; habend' for 48 Years, from Michaelmas 1748, at the yearly Rent of 4/. 1$. 3 id. and in Consideration of a Fine of 150/.

December 1699. A Warrant signed by his Majesty, importing a Grant to be passed under the Great Seal of England, unto John Latten Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of the Honour and Manor of Ewelme, and Castle and Manor of Wallingford, in the Counties of Oxford and Berks; in consideration of 1,450/. to be paid into the Exchequer, being the Value rated by the Surveyor.

A like Warrant importing a Grant to be made to Sir John Shaw, and his Heirs for ever, of the Manor of Eltham, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Kent, and of the Rents for the same, which would come to the Crown at the Death of the Queen Dowager; in Consideration of 3,600l. to be paid into the Exchequer, being the Value rated for the said Grant by the Surveyor.

Memorandum: No Grants have hitherto passed, in Pursuance of the last Two Warrants.

Memorandum: The Grants passed under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, if there be any such, are unknown to me.

Memorandum: There are several Leases of small Estates, passed under the Exchequer Seal, not comprehended in this List.

Wm. Lowndes. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition, relating to Dover Harbour, was referred:

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz. Sir Henry Sheet's said, That all Seafaring Men are undoubtedly very sensible of the Usefulness of the said HarBour, when in Repair; the same being a Security for all Ships in Distress, whether driven by Storm from their Anchors in the Downes, or otherwise; but now it is, in a manner, become useless, being choaked up with Beach, Sand and Mud, and the Piers are very much out of Repair, inso much that they are in continual Danger of being lost; and should the Sea break in before they are repaired, the Harbour will be irrevocably lost.

That in the Year 1652, a Squadron of English Cruisers, of the 4th Rate, went into the said Harbour, and cleaned and victualled within the Piers, some of which Ships came in one Day, and went out the next; there being then Eleven Foot Water at Neap Tides, and Twenty-two Foot Water at Spring Tides; and since that, King Charles the Second ascribed a great deal of his Success, in his Maritime Wars, to the Service of the said Harbour, which is the most commodiously situated in the World; and, could the Publick but be made sensible of the Advantages the said Harbour might be improved to, no Cost would be spared to improve so good a Work, which will answer any Expence the Nation shall be put to, and which, he believes, might be a great Means to prevent a Maritime War, it commanding the narrow est Part of the Chanel:

That he has seen a Survey of the said Harbour, taken by Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty, about Two Years ago, which is a perfect Transcript of what he took about 15 Years since; and thinks there is no Doubt, if Money be provided, but that the said Harbour may be restored to its former Condition, if not better; the Port, by Art, being capable of yielding Two or Three Foot Depth of Water more within than ever it did, which is a very great Matter: And Sir Henry Sheers presented the annexed Estimate of the Charge, amounting to 30,100l. but said, That 6 or 7,000l. yearly will be a sufficient Sum to be expended in carrying on the said Work:

Vol. 13.

That when the Work, pursuant to the said Estimate* Dover shall be completed, the said Harbour, by the help of a Harbour* Backwater and the Sea, as he has conceived and designed it, the Backwater being now of very little Use, will cleanse itself from what the Sea brings in, and thereby preserve its Depth for ever, without, any future Expence to the Publick; which no artificial Port does, that he knows of, they being subject to be choaked up, and are a

constant.....to their several Princes and States, who are Masters of the like artificial Ports:

That the new Work of Masonry, by the said Estimate* designed on the North Side of the Haven, to be carried out some Distance into deeper Water, being designed as a Remedy to the future bringing in of the Beach, which has been all along the greatest Impediment to the Service of this Port, will add an Advantage to the Preservation of the Work against the Rage of the Sea, and cure that Evil for the Time to come; which is a Benefit the Port never yet enjoyed.

Mr. Breton said, That the Harbour is so choaked up, that the Packet Boat cannot come in but at Spring Tides; for which Reason, Captain Gibson, Commander of the Packet, lately besought the Commissioners of the Post Offi.ce, that the Mail might be delivered at Deale; for that the said Harbour was no longer safe, he having been like to be cast away, while waiting to get in: W hich was ordered actordingly.

Mr. Mackay, Manager of the Dover Packet, said, That the Packet has often been obliged to land the Mail from the Downes, for Want of sufficient Water to come into Dover Harbour: Though the Packet Boat draws but Six Foot Water; yet many Times there is not Three Foot Depth of Water in the Harbour; so that the Packet must many Times wait, till a Boat goes out to tell the Commander whether he may venture in or not, which is a very great Delay to Passengers, and the Mail; of which frequent Complaints w ere made: For which Reason, the Commissioners of the Post Office ordered the Mail to be delivered at Deal.

James Harvey, Master of the Packet betw ixt Dover and Ostend, said, That Dover Harbour is so bad, that he had often been obliged to land the Mail from the Downes; and that sometimes it is so shallow, that a long Boat cannot get in; and once he was forced to wait 48 Hours to get into the Harbour, though he had a fair Wind.

Mr. Bret ton said, That, within these 20 Years, he has known a Ship of 300 Tons, laden with Tobacco, discharge herself at the Port of Dover, which is now lost, and the Piers of the Harbour want great Repair; so that if his Majesty had not allowed 500l. Two Years ago, for their Support, upon the Report of Sir Cloudesly Shovell and others, who were at the said Survey mentioned by Sir Henry Sheers, and agrees with it; they had then been quite destroyed, as he believes; and if the Sea should break in before the Piers are repaired, the said Harbour, , which is the safest on all the Coast, is not to be recovered; so that many Merchant Ships in Distress, which might receive Succour from the said Harbour, will be utterly lost; many of which, every Winter, being driven in, very much shattered, without Cable or Anchors, where they unlade, and refit; which, in 20 Years last, has saved many Hundred thousand Pounds to the Merchants:

That in 1689, about Seventy Sail of Merchant Ships were driven into the said Harbour by Storm from their Anchors, without Cables; the which, at 2,000l. a Ship, being a moderate Computation, as he takes it, amounts to 140,000l.; and, in all Probability, would have fallen into the Enemies Hands, had it not been for the said Harbour; and that, about Years since, several Transport Ships, with Men, were forced into the Harbour, wffiich otherwise would have been cast away, as lie believes:

That heretofore the Port of Dover yielded a Revenue to the Crown of about 20,000l. per Annum for Customs; but for 12 Years past it has produced a very inconsiderable yearly Sum, through the Loss of their said Port and Trade; the w'hich, with Losses by Fire of a Farm-house Fff and

202

i 2* Fehrudrii. 1699

boyer Har- and Barn, Part of the Harbour Revenue, and Losses by the late War to the Inhabitants of Dover, has rendered them incapable of paying their Rents for the cleansing and repairing the said Harbour and Piers; for the doing whereof, there is a Revenue of about 300 /. per Annum; but not above 1,50/. per Annum is received of it:

That former Parliaments had such a Regard to the Service of the said Harbour, that, towards its Repairs, sever ral Acts passed in the Reigns of Queen Eliz. King James the First, and King Charles the Second, for laying a Duty upon all Ships and Vessels, that did or might receive any Advantage by the said Harbour; the last of which Acts expired about 38 Years since, and produced about 9,000 L in Seven Years time; but what the former Acts yielded, he does not know, or does it appear by the Books of the Harbour Revenue, several Leaves thereof being torn out that should shew the same.

He further said, That there is a very good Victualling Office at Dovciy with great Conveniencies, and the only Victualling Office between Chatham and Portsmouth, from whence the Navy Royal, when in the Downes, takes in Provisions; and where he believes, and has been informed, the King may victual cheaper than at London; which Office will become useless, in case the said Harbour be not repaired.

Mr. PapiUon said, That the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, on their Agent s Information from Dover, that the said Harbour was so cltoaked up, that his Majesty's Ships could no longer be supplied with Provisions from thence, have been forced to supply them from London, though on various Occasions, during the War, Dover supplied the main Body of the Fleet with Provisions for some Time; and believes it is capable of supplying 20 or 30 Sail throughout the Year, on fitting Notice:

That if there had not been a Victualling Office at Dover during the late War, the Fleet must many Times have met with considerable Disappointments, to the Prejudice of the Service; at was too plain, when that Port was not fully provided to answer the Wants of the Ships in the Downes, but were forced to wait for Provisions from London; which has frequently given that Delay, through the Incertainty of Wind and Weather to admit its going down, that it has been a great Prejudice to the Publick: Besides, they are subject to Miscarriages; and cost the King, besides Pilotage and Demurrage, 3 s. per Ton more than what is sent from Dover, as he believes.

Mr. Breton said, That upon the late Expedition by Sea before Dunkirk, the Fleet was supplied with Pilots from Dover; which has alw ays been a very great Nursery for able Pilots and Seamen, who have signalized themselves upon many Occasions, and are a great Help to the Fishery at Yarmouth; and that the Port of Dover maintained Five or Six Privateers during the late War, and took many Prizes; and many other Privateers also took Sanctuary there, because they could speedily be out and into Port again.

That he has heard by several Gentlemen that came from Calais, That the French King is making a Harbour there at a very great Expence.

Mr. Mackay said, That in August last he was at Calais; where he saw about 300 Men employed in making a Harbour; that they wrere making a Work to carry their Pier out below Low-water Mark, in Order to maintain 20 Foot constant Water within the Harbour, as the Captain of the Quay told him, which they thought sufficient for 4th or 5th Rates to go out and in, at any Time: And the said Captain further told Mr. Mackay, That the Money w*as raised for carrying on the said Work; and that it was intended to make the said Harbour as good and safe as Money and Art could possibly, although they have no Backwater.

That the Committee thought it for their Service to have the Opinion of Trinity-house, touching the said Harbour,

And accordingly, Sir Richard Haddock, Captain Atkinson, and several others of their Members attended; and

informed the Committee, That their Board were unanimously agreed, That Dover Harbour w'as of very great Use and Consequence to the Nation, and a general Advantage to Trade.

Sir Richard Haddock also agreed with Sir Henry Sheersy that in 1652, 4th and 5th Rates frequently went into the said Harbour, and cleaned, and victualledAnd added, That he saw Two 4th Rates come in and lie to the Side of the said Harbour, and in 48 Hours after went out cleaned: And also said, That the Dover Merchant, a Three-deck Ship of or 500 Tons, loaded in the said Harbour, and proceeded in her Voyage to Cadiz: And that the Victualling Office at Dover is of much less Use than formerly, and w ill become useless, if the Harbour be not speedily repaired.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the restoring the said Harbour of Dover to its former State and Condition, will be of great Service to the Nation, and Benefit to Trade and Navigation.

The Estimate, mentioned in the said Report, of the Charge of repairing and recovering the Harbour and Pier of Dover.

The Recovery of the ancient Depth of"]

Water in the Harbour, which is now totally filled up with Beach, Sand, Mud, &c. amount- v ing to at least 150,000 Ton; wdiich, by Computation, will cost, to remove, and carry away ——

The Design propounded to be executed for j preventing the future filling up and choaking I the Harbour, and thereby* to preserve the )

Depth of AVater for ever, without further I Charge to the Publick, will cost - J

The new Traverse-work for keeping Ships^ waterborne, in order to their careening and( refitting, &c. with the Gates, Wliarfing, FiIl-( ing, &c. will cost -

To repair the decayed \Arharfing of the }

Haven - - - - 3

For 10,000 Floors of Earth-work in thei Basons for receiving the Backwater, &c. which f are to be deepened and enlarged; computed?' at 10 s. the Floor - - - j

For repairing the old Heads For a Work to be of Masonry on the West Side of the Pier, to be carried out into Six I Foot Depth below the Low-water Mark, > whereby to prevent the bringing in the Beach I upon Westerly and South-west Storms - J For Machines, Vessels, Tools, and Uten- sils, Stores, and Storehouses, &c. - - 3

For Officers, Conductors, and Overseers

Wages, and all Contingencies; per Estimation 3

5,000

600

Op

4,000

2,000

5,oooo

1,500

4,oooo

3,oooo

2,000

Total - £*30,100

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Lord Fairfax acquainted the I louse, That he w as directed by the said Committee to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill according to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour: And that the Lord Fairfax, Sir Bazil Dixwell, Admiral Aylmer, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Jeremiah Basse Esquire, and John Loft- Earlofl ing Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; (

setting forth, That the Petitioners, in 1697, being ucl‘ Owners and Freighters of the Ship Hester of 130 Tons,

sent

11W. III. 12° Februarii.

sent her, loaden with Goods of the Product of England\ to the Province of East strsey, in America, where she arrived the 26th of March last, and was duly entered at jPer/// Amboy, a Port appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and under the Directions of the Lords of flie Treasury, for the Delivery of European Goods within that Colony: That the Cargo being unladed, and the Ship, in November following, being the re victualled and laden, and ready to sail for the Madera's, the Earl of Bellomont, Governor of New York, usurping an arbitrary Power over his Majesty's Subjects of East Jersey, which is independent, and no Part of the Province of NezvYork, sent 50 armed Men to seize the said Ship, w ho entered on board, w?ounded many of the Mariners, and carried her to Nezv York; where the said Earl caused her to be condemned, and sold at 315/. New York Money, for not entering at New York the Goods imported to East Jersey, and for not paying the Duties imposed on them by an Act of Assembly at Nezv York; though no Duties are payable for Goods imported to East Jersey, nor is East Jersey subject to the Laws made at New York: By which illegal Proceedings the Petitioners are not only deprived of their Ship, H'orth above 1,200l.; but also of her Cargo then on board, amounting to a further Value; and can obtain no Satisfaction for the same from the Earl of Bellomont, and those Instruments of Oppression at Nezv York: That the Petitioner Basse, being Governor of East Jersey, seized there John Elston and William Merrick, whom the Petitioner refused to bail, they being of Every the Pirate's Crew'; but the said Earl, by a pretended Admiralty Porter, forced them out of the Petitioner's Hands; set them at Liberty upon insufficient Bail; and Merrick has since made his Escape: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Bierly, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hysham, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. How, Sir fVm. St. Quintin, Mr. Boyle, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Blatlmaite, Sir Richard Codes, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bamardiston, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Coxvper, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Smith, Mr Moor, Sir Edmurid Bacon, Mr. Haiwey, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Ja. Houblan, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Rider, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Duke,

: Mr. Mason, Mr. L owl her, Mr. Offley, Sir Robert Davers,

Sir Geo. Rook, Mr. Norton, Sir Howl. Gwyn, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Godfry Coply, Mr. Povey, Sir Rich. Farrington, Colonel Granville, Lord Cults, Lord Powlett, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Chase, Mr. Fleming: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and nte. Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Butler Esquire to make Leases of Part of his Estate in Lancashire, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mayor, and several other annual Officers, not duly chosen} hnd for admitting and swearing Mr. Rockett and the other legal Officers, Bully hath been served with several Mandamuses out of the King's Bench, by leaving them at his Dwelling-house, he absconding therefrom till after the Returns; by which Means the Petitioners are not like to have the Right of the said Elections tried at Law before the Year expires, for which they were chosen: That Whitrow dying on the 15th of December last, the Borough hath been ever since without a Mayor: But, on the 5th Instant, Bully caused Proclamation to be made of an Election of a Mayor in the room of Whitrow; and accordingly, without any manner of Precedent, chose and swore one John Sikes, a common Freeman, as Mayor, on

Purpose, as the Petitioners conceive, to get the Precept for a new Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament into the Hands of Bully and Sikes, that they may return whom they please; all w'hich is contrary to the Rights of the said Borough: And praying. That the said Butty may be enforced to a speedy Tryal of the Truth of the Premises before this House; and that the Petitioners may be relieved therein.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into Consideration the Matter relating to Charters and Mandamuses, which have been lately made and granted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon every Monday, Days for Wednesday, and Friday, at Eleven a Clock, proceed upon s"pp!y> and the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, or Ways and )J^3and Means for raising the same, or upon the Bills relating the reunto: And that all Debates be then adjourned,

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Governor and Old East Company ot Merchants of London, trading to the East India Cwn-Indies, a Corporation, wras read the Third time. P*0?*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies> a Corporation.

Ordered, That Mr. Cook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. n

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Commis-the Resolutions of Tuesday last, touching the Debts to the sloners of Army, and for Transport Service. ccounts.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for appointing Persons to adjust the Debt to the Army, and for Transport Service: And that Mr. Harley and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, That they do also provide, in the said Bill, for the adjusting the Debt to the Navy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions and Seamen's Report from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Arrears* and Commissioners of the Navy, relating to Q's and Rs, be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Defective whom the Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject, TitIes. against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, Derelictions by the Sea, or other defective Titles, is committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

ItrtioDof -A Petition of all the Magistrates, save one, and all the ^rof Common Council of the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth teoouib. ff(lr(ims^ ;n the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves, and the major Part of the free Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Mayor, and other usual and annual Officers, for the said Borough, ' the Petitioners duly chose Mr. Caleb Rocket for Mayor, and other Officers; but Joseph Bully, who then acted as Mayor, unduly and arbitrarily swore John Whitrow Vol. 13.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Dartmouth Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to Elation* them, touching the Election for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth liardnesse, in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetL; viz.

Upon the Petition of Nathanael Hem and Rowland Holt Esquires, complaining of an undue Election,

each

ao4

A _ O

13 — 13

Februarii.

A 1699.

each of the other, to serve for the said Borough; and also of a double Return;

That the Record of the said double Return was brought before the Committee by the Deputy Clerk of the Crown:

That the Writ is directed to the Sheriff of Devon, commanding him, That, in the room of Sir Joseph Heme, deceased, infra biirgum prcedictum imum alium burgemem digi facial:

That, pursuant to the said Writ, the Sheriff directed his Precept, Majori burgi de Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, me non burgensibus burgi pradicti:

That it was allowed, in Fact, that the Mayor, Mr. Whitraw, accordingly appointed the 16th Day of December last for the Election, and Notice was given of the same; but the Mayor died the Day before that appointed for the Election: Yet, notwithstanding, thfe Burgesses, at the Time appointed, proceeded to make an Election, at which Mr. Holt and Mr. Heme were Candidates:

That as well the Return of Mr. Heme, as the Return of Mr. Holt, together with the Precept, were delivered in to the Clerk of the Crown, affixed to the Writ:

That both Returns take Notice of the Death of the Mayor:

That Mr. Holt's Return is expressed to be by several of the Burgesses:

That Mr. Hem's Return is expressed to be by several of the Magistrates, and free Burgesses; and to be under the Common Seal:

That these Matters were opened by the Counsel, but no Witnesses were examined.

And that thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions:

x Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Nathanael Hern Esquire is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rowland Holt Esquire is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Clfton Dartmouth Hardnesse.

The said several Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Clfton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the room of Sir Joseph Hem Knight, deceased;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight, after the Consideration of the Matter re-' lkting to Charters, and Mandamuses, which have been lately made and granted.

King's Bench Ordered, That the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances

Prison. on the King's Bench Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Fleet Prison. Ordered\ That the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances

on the Fleet Prison, and for dissolution of the said Prison, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 12# die Februarii;

n° Gulielmi TertiL

Praters.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Vantertijfl ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, NaU An Act for naturalizing Francis Vandertijd, and Agneta Vandermersch: And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Title, add <c Henry Lawman, and " James Gabriel Le Tresor," and leave out " and."

Pr. 1. L. 7. after " Holland," insert " Henry Lawman,

" the Son of Theodore and Mary Lawman, born at " Dortmund, in the Dominions of the Elector of Bran*

" denburgk; and James Gabriel Le Tresor, Son of " James Le Tresor, and Lucy Le Tresor, born at Caen,

" in the Province of Normandy."

L. 18. after " Vandermersch? add " Henry Lawman " and James Gabriel Le Tresor"

L. 25. for " either," read " and every."

L. 30. after " Vandermersch? insert " Henry Lawman " and James Gabriel Le Tresor "

Pr. 2d, L. i. alter " his," add " her."

L. 2. after " his," add " her."

L. 7. after " either," read " any."

L. 10. after "either," read " any."

L. 17. after " Vandermersch? insert " Henry Lawman " and James Gabriel Le Tresor."

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House being informed, That Mr. Roberts attended, Grants according to Order; Cr<

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of Rents granted out of the Honour of Windsor, and Counties of Owon and Berks.

And then withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account w?as read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

Castle-guard Rents.

A Rent out of the Manor of Huntercomb - 315 A Rent out of the Manor of Morden Pinkney 4 11 A Rent out of the Manor of Wapenham -07 A Rent out of the Rectory of Wapenham -04 A Rent out of the Manor of Culzvoi'th A Rent out of the Manor of Sulgrave -A Rent out of the Manor of Asiwell -A Rent out of the Manor of Midgham A Rent out of the Manor of Mandeville A Rent out of the Manor of Easton -A Rent out of the Manor of Knight Ellington 0 A Rent out of the Manor of Purly Mating A Rent out of the Manor of Shottsbrook -A Rent out of Bagshot Vaccary -

A Rent out of the Bailiwick Fines - - -A Rent out of the Tenements in Datchett A Rent out of CuffieldYaccary - - - -A Rent payable by the Inhabitants of Halley

A Rent payable by the Inhabitants offarnbrougho A Rent out of a Tenement in Abington A Rent out of the Manor of Tubney - -

A Rent out of the Land in Hanney - -A Rent out of Fish-hide Manor in Garfard A Rent out of Lands in Pewsy - - - - o A Rent out of a Tenement in Locking - 0

A Rent out of Lands in Chilton - - - o A Rent out of the Manor of Hardwell - 0 A Rent out of the Manor of Frilsord - - i A Rent out of Lands in Balking - - - 0

d.

O

4

21

5*

1 2 10

0 11 5

1 2 10

1 0 0

1 2 10

10 0 0

I 0 IO 0

1 0 0

0 4 4

I 5 0

0 10 0

0 1 0

1 0 0

0 1 0

1 0 1 0

rho 1 0

0 3 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

0 4 10

13 4 2 11J 18 0 10 o 4

0 ioi A Rent

12 W. IIL

i 3° Pebru

A Rent out of Lands in Longzeorth A Rent out of Lands in Denchworth -A Rent out of the Manor of liesleigh -A Rent out of the Manor of Wit ham -A Rent of Lands in Padbury -

A Rent out of Lands in Sugworth - -A Rent of the Manor of Lifford -A Rent out of Lands in Woollaston A Rent payable by the Inhabitants of UJJington A Rent out of Lands in JVatchJidd - -

A Rent out of other Lands there -

A Rent out of Lands in Goosey - -

A Rent out of Lands in Leekhamstead - -A Rent payable by the Inhabitants of Suningwel o A Rent out of the Manor of Boxare - -

A Rentout of the Manor of Kingston Lesleigh

205

L s. d.

0 6 8

1 0 6

i 0 0

1 17 0

0 3 81

0 0 10

1 0 0

0 1 6

1 0 11 if

0 10 m I / 2

0 2 0

0 4 0

1 0 0

A Rent out of the Manor of Beedon -A Rent out of the Manor of Leverton - -A Rent out of Lands in Wheatley - - -A Rent out of Lands in Denton - - -A Rent out of Chazvers Manor in Garsington A Rent out of the Manor of Sampford ARentoutof the Manor of BerefordSt. Michael 1 A Rent out of the Manor of Buckland - 1

Rents called Lostfield Silver.

A Rent payable by the Tythingmen of Clearer 0 A Rent payable by the Tythingmen of Did-worth Aland ----- -- -$

Ditto by the Tythingmen of Didworth Loring o Ditto by the Tythingmen of Windsor Underore 0 Ditto by the Tythingmen of Spittle Sheet - 0 Ditto by Tythingmen of Old Windsor - - o Ditto by Tythingmen oi Irrpton Warfield - o Ditto by Tythingmen of Wingfield and *)

Ascot t .....J

Ditto by Tythingmen of Inglesjidd in Surry o

Assert Rents.

A Rentout of Gooda in's Tenement in Wingfdd o A Rent out of Renmult in Old Windsoj' - 1

A Rent out of Tyler's Mead in Wingjeild - o ARentoutof Langford s Lands - - - 1

A Rent out of Land's in Ctezt'er - - - - 0

A Rentout of Heathers Land in Windsor Castle o A Rent out of Church'house in Suninghill o A Rent out of a Cottage there - - - - 0

A Rent out of another Cottage there - - o

A Rent out of Baker's Lands there - - o

A Rent out of a Cottage, late Mountague s 0 A Rent out of Lands in Shootes - - - - o A Rent out of a Tenement and Garden near > Q Clmer-land - -- -- - J A Rent out of the Manor of Suninghill - o A Rent out of Serle's Lands there - - - o

A Rent out of Field's Lands there - - o

A Rent out of Robinson's Lands there - - 0

A Rent out of a Tenement called Miltons 0 A Rent out of CotterilTs Lands there - - 0 A Rent out of a Tenement and Garden neart

16

4

o

10

10

11 6 0 o o o

o

8

o

o

o

7\

5

o

o

o

o

17 8

6 2

5 6 2 0

0

o

0

*9

10

1

o

o

o

o

0

1

3 4

1

6 8 4

6

A Rent out of Lands late Leaver s -

A Rent out of Robert's Croft in Burfield - 0 A Rent out of Lands late Leavers A Rent out of Church-close, and Six Pieces') of Land late Leavers ----- - -y

A Rent out of Lands there -

A Rent out of Leavers Land - -

A Fee-farm Rent out of Folly-John Park 10 Quit-rents in Folly-John.

A Rent out of Preston's or Hurst's Lands A Rent ou t of Hurst's Land and Taylor's Mead 1 A Rent out of Hodge Lands in Wingfield -A Rent out of Lands in Garston's Hill - - 0 A Rentout of Hodg Lands and HamondMon-tagu's ——

ARentoutof a PastureinA^ccfe-Ai/ZlateDittos o A Rent out of Memfield, Ry ditch, and Newland 0 A Rent out of Lamsbrook ----- o

A Rent out of Lands in Buntingbury Brocas 0 A Rent out of Home Mead late Mountague s 0 A Rent out of Redsoles ----- - 0

ARentoutof Whiteland's ----- 0

A Rent out of Hutchin's and Oxleare - - 0 A Rent out of Fernhill ----- - 2

A Rent out of Part of Agnes Mountgu's Lands 0 Fee-farm Rents.

A Rent out of Taplorw Mills - - - - 11

A Rent out of the Manor of Taplozv - - 13

A Rent out of the Manor of Holmer - 14

A Rent out of the Manor of Burnham - 15

A Rent out of the Fishing the re - - - - 7

A Rent out of the Manor of Upton - - 59

A Rent out of Upton Grange Tythes - - 10 A Rent out of Upton Demesne Tythes - - 4 A Rent out or Burnham Manor Tythes - 15 ALease-rentout of the Site oiBumham Manors 11

L s. d.

0 0 3 Grants front

0 2 6 the Crown.

0 9 4

3° 2 1

0 2 0

0 2 4

to 0 0

i 2 4

1 b 11

0 2 0

7 1

13 8\

14 o

2

6

8 8 1 o 1 8

5

11

1

o

6

3

0

0

7 5 1

o

8 6* it 0

6 11

0 o

o

11

18

9

0

1

5 2} 8

9

6 8i 4 1

4

4

4

o

Doctor Listers Lodge ----- -f0 4 0 Quit-rents.

A Rent out of Lands in Old Windsor - 1 1 1

A Rent out of other Lands there - - - o 6 54

A Rent out of other Lands there - - - o 1 p 8

A Rent out of other Lands there - - 2 2 3

A Rent out of other Lands there - - - 0 0 4

A Rent out of Lands there late Worship's 010 o A Rent out of the Manor of Chalworth -030 A Rent out of Lands called the Leigh - 015 9}

A Rent out of Clifton's Lands - - - - o 4114-A Rent out of the Dean and Prebends Lands o 810 A Rent out of Tyle Place - -- --1 1 1

A Rent out of Lands there - -- 056

A Rent out of Land near Shaw Land - - o o 6

A Rent out of a House there -----010 A Rent out of Tarek's Grove & Friend's Lands 0 7 84

Vo l. 13.

Sum total, per Annum 247 9 64.

For William Roberts Esquire, his Majesty *s Receiver General for the County of Berks.

Sir,

The Trustees for Sale of his Majesty's Fee-farm Rents, having conveyed the Rents in this, and the annexed Sheets of Paper, contained, unto the Right Honourable the Earl of Portlandy by Deed dated the 18 th of September ib'96; you are desired not to intermeddle any further with the Receipts thereof, the same being to be paid me, at the House of John Smith Esquire, in Beaufort Buildings in the Strand. I am. Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

25 Sept 1696. David Codd.

And also, about September 1698, I received this other List or Schedule here under-written, from a Person sent, as he informed me, by one Mr. Digby, with Directions, that the Rents, therein contained, were granted by his Majesty to the Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor; and that I was not to intermeddle with the Receiving of any of them to his Majesty's Use: The Copy of which List is as followeth; viz.

Assert Rents.

A Rent out of a Cottage in Old Windsor - 0 A Rent out df a Cottage in Suninghill - - o A Rent out of a Cottage and Acre of Land*)

there, late Robert's.....j

A Rent out of a Cottage, late Ellis Slatt's - 0 A Rent out of Lands in Hurst - - - - o A Rent out of Lands called Long Ivings - o A Lease-rent out of Lands in Old Windsor,\ paid by Mr. John Mitchell - - -3

Quit-rents.

A Rent out of a House at the Spittle in') JSJtw Windsor, late Wait's . - - - -y Ggg

s.

*0

0

d.

4

2

0 6

0

0

o

17 6

0 10 o A Rent

Grants from the Crown.

20 6

130 Februa

A. 1699.

A Rent out of Bart let fa House in Pennorstreet 0 A Rent out of Baldwins Land near Great Park o A Rent out of Half an Acre of Land at Spittlchilflp

0

0

1 o 0 o o

A Rent out of Puri/ s Messuage A Rent out of a Tenement at the Worth -A Rent out of Lands there -

A Rent out of a Messuage in Priest-street A Rent out of divers Tenements there - -A Rent out of the White Lion - -

A Rent out of Aider's Meadow in Spittlehill A Rent out of Haver gill's House in Sheet-street o ARentoutof EightAcres of LandcalledP/wwer'so A'Rent out of Buntingbury Lands - - 1

A Rent out of Part of the same Lands - 1

A Rent out of Part of the same Lands - o A Rent of Part of the same Lands, called^ Davis Mead ----- -- - -J

A Rent out of other Lands in Buntingbury o A Rent out of Lands called WyrraU's - - o A Rent out of Broad Strode, late Tyle's - 0

A Rent opt of Pra/p/fs Ground, and/Pm?Park 0 A Rent out of other Lands in Wingfield - o

A Rent out of Stockbridge.....0

A Rent out of Mountagues Land - - - 0

A Rent out of Lodge Close ----- o A Rent out of a Tenement called Scorches 0 A Rent out of a Parcel of the same - - o

A Rent out of Brodlere alias Fowlers - - 0 A Rent out of Lands in Hatchet-lane - -

A Rent out of Lands in Benges and Deaths A Rent out of Lands late Huckle s or Hatchei A Rent out of Brickhill's and Buck's Land A Rent out of Lands in Wingfield - - -A Rent out of Pyle's House or Pightle - -

A Rent out of the Dean and Canons Lands

A Rent out of Wood Ivings....

A Rent out of Lands in Buntingbury - -

A Rent out of Wingfield Close - - - -A Rent out of other Lands there -

s. di 2 o 1 4

1 o

o 9. 8 4 i

2 4f

3

13

5

3

2

1

10

o

8

4

1

5 5 5

2

9

A Rent out of a Cottage in Wingfield - -A Rent out of the Manor of Cookham - -A Farm-rent out of the Fishing at Cookham A Lease-rent out. of North Coppice - -A Quit-rent out of the Manor of Bray -Assert Rent out of the Seven Hundreds of)

A Lease-rent out of the Manor of Shaw -

Fee-sarin Rents.

A Rent out of the Manor of Clewer - -A Rent out of the Mills of Clewer - -

Lease-rents.

A Rent out of Ward Mead in Eaton Manor A Rent out of Part of Mustians Farm A Rent of another Part there - -

A Rent out of Lands in Boveney-Field A Rent out of Lands in South-Field

7 0

0

o

4

2

4

8*

2

15 9i 2 o

8

8*

A Rent out of Demesne Lands - - - -A Rent out of a Messuage in Dorney - -

A Rent out of another Messuage there

Quit^rents. a House of Henry Chilton's Lands there -

Cold-Norton....

Stockdales....

a House of John Sextons -

A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of A Rent out of

a Messuage there - -

a Garden there -

Lands in Eaton-Fields -a House, John Coxes -Harris's House - -

Badhanis House - -

Fee-farm Rents.

L

A Rent out of Part of the Manor of Datchet 41 A Rent out of the other Part of the same Manor 3 A Rent out of Datchet, St. Hellens Manor 8 A Rent out of Ditton Manor - -

A Rent out of the Site of Wizardsbury Manor A Rent out of the Farm of the said Manor A Rent out of Langly-Marsh Manor A Rent out of the Demesne Lands there -A Rent out of the Monastery of Reading -A Rent out of the Manor of Sulham - -

A Rent out of Lands in Compton Chomley -A Rent out of the Manor of Cuddestim -A Rent out of the Demesnes of SampfiordMan<

A Rent out of Easthamsted Park -

s. 2

16

12

d.

1 i

4

0

21 l9 9

13 . 6 8

39 16 104

43 8 1

15 0 0

2 0 0

0 12 11

1 7 3

1 8 3F

ori 9 11

10 0 0

42 9 5t

Dated the 13th Day of February, 1699.

Will. Roberts, Receiver of the Rents belonging to his Majesty's Honour and Castle of Windsor, and to his Counties of Oxon and Berks.

0 2 3

0 3 6

f 0 i 61

0 1 U

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 10 34-

0 0 8

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 9 6

0 4 0

0 0 2

6 7 18 oi

3 JO 8

8 7 6

67 5 6t

29 4 24-

23 7 0

54 16 9

6 0 0

8 6 0

2 12 2

1 6

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 4 6

0 l 84:

4 9 8

zk 7 10 8

3 6 8

0 1 0

0 15 4

0 9 4

1 16 0

0 4 0

0 t 8

0 2 0

- 0 0 4

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 64-

.0 3 4

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

A Petition of several Merchants trading to Spaine was Clandcsiii presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Trade, notwithstanding the high Duties laid on French Goods, yet the Petitioners have cause to believe, divers Persons have found out a Way to evade the Law, by importing French Wines from St. Sebastian, Leghorne, Genoa, and other Ports, and entering and paying Duties, only as Spanish and Italian Wines, to the great Prejudice of the fair Trader, and this Kingdom in general; for that, unless this pernicious Trade be prevented, it will much lessen the Exportation of Commodities from England to Spain; which are chiefly vested into Spanish Wines brought hither; which the Petitioners cannot vent, by reason of the Importation of French Wines, as aforesaid: And praying, That such Means may be used for preventing the said unfair Trading, and for the Encouraging the Spanish Trade, as the House shall, think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to pre* pare, and bring in, the Bill for the better preventing unlawful and clandestine Trade.

A Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Ditto. Portugall was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since the high Duties laid upon French Wines, there have been great Quantities of Wines imported into this Kingdom from St. Sebastian, and other Ports in Biscay, and the Streights; which the Petitioners believe to be French Wines, because that, till lately, no Wines were brought from thence, nor any such Wines made near these Places; yet they are entered, and pay Duties as Spanish or Italian Wines: That the Petitioners do yearly export great Quantities of Woollen Manufactures, Fish,

Lead, Tin, &c. to Portugall, the Returns whereof are chiefly their Wines; by which the Petitioners were considerable Losers the last Year, and are like to be greater this Year; for that since last Vintage several thousand Tuns of French Wines have been imported into England from Biscay, and the Streights; and greater Quantities are expected from thence, and the Streights: That this collusive Trade of bringing in French, under the Name and Duty of Spanish and Italian Wines, is not only prejudicial to the Petitioners, but the Nation in general; for that French Wines are not to be purchased without ready Money, but the Portuguese exchange for our Commodities; which advantageous trade must greatly abate, if the Petitioners cannot find Vent for their Wines: And praying the Consideration of the House thereof, that such Means may be used, for preventing the said national Mischief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered\

12 W. III.

13° Feiruarii.

labourers

and

Servants.

fish taken fj Foreign*

kV

fctale.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the better preventing unlawful and clandestine Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying some Defects in the Statutes relating to Labourers and Servants; and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of their Wages: And that Sir Theophilus Oglethorpe and Mr. Mompesson do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Fishery, inhabiting the Town of Folkstone, in the County of Kent, a Member of the Cinque Ports, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, The said Town, within these 30 Years, is very much improved, and peopled by the Fishing Trade, who fish the whole Year throughout in the narrow Seas; but their chief Dependence is by fishing in MaCkrel and Herring Seasons, between Beachy Head and the North Foreland, with a Fleet of about Ninety Sail; whereby themselves, and many poor People in the Country, are relieved, and many able Seamen raised: That the Petitioners are much discouraged in their said Fishery, since the Peace, by the French of Diep and Bulloine, who catch on our Coast great Quantities of Mackrels and Herrings, and sell them at Sea to English Smackmen; thereby ruining the Petitioners Trade, and glutting their Markets, and under colour of fishing, and dealing with such Smackmen, many French Commodities are commonly imported, and Wool, and the Coin of this Kingdom, unlawfully exported: And praying, That such Provision may be made for Preservation of the Petitioners Trade, and encouraging the English Fishery, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Sale, within this Kingdom, of Fish taken by Foreigners in Foreign Vessels: And that Sir Philip Butler, Mr. Desbovery and Mr, Breaker, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to enable James Jesses Esquire to sell Lands in Southminster, in the County of Essex, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Philip Foley, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Bertie, Mr. ScobeU,

PERSONS NAMES.

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Harley, Mr. Newport, Mr. Wining-ton, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Cox, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Pitrpoint, Mr. Price, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. ButTard, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr.

Vernon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Clayton, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Henly, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Herbert, Mr. England Sir Alex. Denton, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hobson, Mr. Gzvyn:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Howland's House a Bill for taking the Estate in Law of several Mes- Estate, suages and Lands, mortgaged to Jeoffry and Edzcard Howland, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual making a con- Passage venient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln sdnn fields, from Chan-and Places adjacent, was read a Second time. ccry-lane to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother- Fieids"5 ton, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Rich. Cocks,

Mr. Harley, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Clayton, Doctor Davenant, Mr. Eyres, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Cox, Mr.

Duke, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr: Foley, Mr. Wynn, Mr Slone* house, Mr. Vernon, Sir Jos. Jthill, Mr. Gzvyn, Lord Chenic, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Osborne,

Mr. Archdale, Mr. White, Mr. Poultney, Sir Wm. Forester, Mr. Asgill, Mr. Dalby, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Doi'mer, Mr. Price,

Mr. Eyres, Mr. Nezrjnrt, Mr. Clark, Mr. Confer,

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Carr: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to have Power to send for Persona,

Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Sir John Talbot, one Grants from of the Trustees for the Fee-farm Rents, attended accord- the Crown, ing to Order;

lie was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, the Contracts made for Sale of any Fee-farm Rents, or other Rents, since his Majesty's Accession to the Crown; with an Abstract thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Abstract was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Right Honourable William Earl of Portland -

To Hump. Hetherington Esquire To Rich. Adney Esquire -To Sam. Newton Gentleman

To Henry Tyson ——

To Richard Topham Esquire -

To the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Middlesex and Dorset ——

To Francis Walsingham Esquire, Reversion,

To the Countess of Salisbury

COUNTIES.

C Berks -

J Bucks - - -) Kent - - -[York, &c. - -

i Berks -

Bucks -

Kent -

Lancaster,

S Durham - - O York - - - ->

Lincoln, &c.

f London - -

J Middlesex -

j Essex - -

[Norfolk -

Northumberland -Berks - -

Lincoln - - O

Essex - - - ->

Hertford, &c. - -) Norfolk -

Northampton -

per Annum.

£ s.

1,534 14

800 o 0

700 0 0 600 0 0

199 19 ilj

14 5 3

500 o 0

20 0 0 66 13 4

Consideration.

24,571

s. d.

5 4

12,800 o o.

11,600

9,600

o o

o 0

3,199 19

228 o

8,000 0 o

112 o 9»6 3

0

4

This last was a Confirmation of an old Grant passed by Warrant, and no Contract made for the same.

Will. Howard, J. Talbott.

Ordered, That the said Contracts and Abstract do City of London, was presented to the House, and read; set- Hambo-lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of ting forth, The Merchandize of a great Part of the Wool-

the House. len Manufactures of this Kingdom is devolved into the p J‘

Hands of Merchants Aliens, who chiefly export them on A Petition of the English Merchants, in and about the foreign Bottoms: And the Petitioners perceiving by the Vol. 13. Votes

Members

tfummoued.

State of the Nation.

' Committees.

DorreH't

Claims.

Debtors Petition.

208 . 130 — 140 Febrmrii. 1699.

Votes of this House, that there is h Bill to be brought in, for taking off the Duties upon our Woollen Manufactures, thereby to encourage their Exportation; the Petitioners therefore pray, That this Encouragement may be to the Benefit of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects only; there being a great Disposition at this Time, in English Merchants, to improve the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Duties upon Woollen Manufactures exported is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,[ ${£

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Encouraging and Settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

63.

104.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster shall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to consider of the State of the Nation.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Procuring or Obtaining of Grants of Estates, belonging to the Crown, by any publick Minister, concerned in the Directing or Passing such Grants, to or for their own Use or Benefit, whilst the Nation lay under the heavy Taxes of the late War, was highly injurious to his Majesty, prejudicial to the State, and a Violation of the Trust reposed in them;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

T*»fci.Y^J£®55L: I'*'

Trite for Ae No} W-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to resume the Grants of all Lands, and other Revenues, of the Crown, and all Pensions granted by the Crown, since the 5th Day of February 1684; and for applying the same to the Use of the Publick: And that Sir Richard Onslozv, Sir Richard Cocks, and Mr. Lowndctf, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, consider further of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter, Sir John Manzcaring, Mr. Mounsteven, Sir Tho. Wagstaff, Mr. Dorr ell, Mr. Hancock, Lord Cutts, Colonel Lee, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Dorrcll Gentleman, and the Answer of Colonel Colembine thereunto, are referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Februarii; 12* Gulielmi Tertii.

numerous, most miserable, and very burdensome to the? said Corporation, and their Families to Friends and Re* lations, as is set forth, in their printed Case, delivered to this House: And praying, That they may receive such seasonable Relief for their Enlargement, That their Creditors may not lose all their Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petitions re* lating to Prisons is referred.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Woollen and other Inhabitants, of the adjoining Counties of Mont- Manu‘ gomery and Merioneth, in North Wales, on behalf of faclures‘ themselves, and many others subsisting on the Woollen Manufactures in those Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Decay of Trade in the Woollen Manufactures is so visible with them, That their Poor daily increase; and those that make a shift to keep House are so reduced, that they cannot help to subsist their Fellow Christians and Tvades-folks in the Woollen Manufactures; the Cause whereof they chiefly ascribe to the additional Duty laid on Flanders Linen, and the Prohibition of our Cloth there: And praying the Consideration of the House, for restoring and improving the Trade of the English Woollen Manufactory.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England; and particularly to consider of the Encouraging and Improving the Manufactures of thi£ Kingdom.

A Petition of Robei't Broadnax, Lieutenant Colonel to the Broadnj Earl of Warrington s Regiment of Horse, was presented Petition to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner RecomJ was one of the Party, that joined with the late Earl of Warrington, at the time of his Majesty's Landing for out Deliverance; and being best skilled in military Discipline, had the chief Conduct of that Party; for the Promoting of which Service the Petitioner spent the greatest Part of his Fortune, and never received any Consideration for the same-; and afterwards he obtained a Commission to be Lieutenant Colonel of the said Regiment in the Service of Ireland, and was at great Expence to put himself in an Equipage for that Post; wherein he had not been Two Months, but he was cashiered, without any Fault, that he knows of, and sent Prisoner to England, without his Pay, his Horses and Servants being taken from him: And praying, That, by reason of his Losses and Disappointment, he being reduced to Want and Poverty, his Case may be taken into Consideration, and a Recompence for his Services and Losses appointed him.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens and Com- Norwi monalty of the City of Norunch, was presented to the ^ater' House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did heretofore, by their Indenture, grant to Richard Barry Esquire, and Geo. Sorocold Gentleman, several Licences and Privileges, upon their Undertaking to supply the Inhabitants of JVbra/c/i.with River-water; and also another Indenture of Agreement hath been made between the Petitioners, and Richard Soame Merchant, and the said Geo. Sorocold, for the said Purposes: That, for securing and encouraging the said Undertaking, it is thought absolutely necessary, that the said Indentures be confirmed by Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Indentures, and all Agreements in the same, it being consented to by the said Mr. Soam and Mr. Sorocold.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Davy and Mr. Blofeild do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Newcastle upon Tyne was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are very

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a West Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Smul Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Friday next* at Eleven a Clock.

Orderxd,

II W. III.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating to the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace,

| w&s referred, be made upon Saturday next, in a full House.

! Gardner's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardner, and Sarah his Wife, late the Estate of William Ridges Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies therein mentioned, and applying the Residue of the Money upon Trustees therein specified, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hayes, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Dore, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Crane, Mr. Bio-field, Mr. Thornhagk, Mr. England, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Campion, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Park hurst, Mr. Foley, Mr. Boscazvcn, Sir Edw. Hunger ford, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Darrell, Mr. Mliffe, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Car, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shack-erlyf Mr. Prohy, Mr. Lonether, Mr. Dormer, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. Morgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

bitt*. A Petition of Francis Cremick Esquire, and Mary his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill depending in the House for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardner, and Sarah his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, is prejudicial to the Petitioners, and ' to disinherit them, they being Co-legatees with their Bro-

thers and Sisters in the Will of their Father William Ridges Esquire, whose Estate the Premises to be sold was; and Charles Ridges endeavours to stifle a Settlement, w hereby the Petitioners are intitled to a Remainder of Part of the Lands in the Bill: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard touching the Premises; and that James Ridges may produce the said Settlement.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

JWract' A Petition of several Aldermen and Burgesses of the ecUon‘ ancient Borough of Pontefract, in the County of 'York, in the behalf of themselves, and of the Majority of the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a late Election of John Bright Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, being declared void by this House, a Writ issued for choosing another Burgess: At which Election, on the First Instant, several of the Petitioners, who have a Right to vote, offered to vote for Robert Monckton Esquire; but Mr. Hastins Sayle, the Mayor, arbitrarily refused to accept them, and admitted others to vote for the said Mr. Bright, who had no Right: That, if the Petitioners Votes had been taken, Mr. Monckton would have had the Majority; but the Mayor had unduly returned Mr. Bright, in Wrong to the Petitioners, and Mr. Monckton, who was duly chosen: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

!°Wi Sir Henry Parker, according to Order, presented to the

Ule* Rouse a Bill for the vesting the Manor of Overhall, and other Lands, in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, under the Age of 21 Years, in Trustees, for the raising 7,000 I. for the Portion of Atme Robinson, his only Sister; and for the vesting the Lands, and personal Estate, of the said Anne, in the said Sir Thotnas, in lieu thereof: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morn* ing.

Vol. 13.

209

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, Karl of Bel-trading to New York in America, was presented to the ^monts House; setting forth, That the Petitioners about Nine Con uct* Months since, petitioned the Commissioners of Trade, setting forth, That, by several Letters from their Fac* tors at Ncto York, and the Relation of divers Persons here in England, by the Mismanagement of the Earl of Bellomont, Governor of New York, the lawful Trade of that Province is much discouraged, and that their Effects there were in great danger; with several other Grievances; but the Petitioners received no satisfactory Answer thereto: Since which the said Earl hath put such other Hardships on the Merchants there, that, without some Redress, the Petitioners must with-hold their Trade thither: And praying the House to take their Case into Consideration; and to examine such Persons as areliereinTow n from New York, touching the Matters complained of.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Jeremiah Basse Esquire, and John Lofting Merchant, is referred: And that Sir Barth. Shorter, Sir John Pack-ington, Mr. Brothcrton, Sir William Ashurst, Sir Hen.

Ashurst, Sir John Bolles, be added to the said Committee.

A Bill to bring fresh Water to the Town and Port of Beal Water. Deal, was read a Second time. works.

And the Petition of William Ryder Esquire, which lay on the Table, against the same, w as again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Richard Martyn, was presented to the Army House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1697* he fur- Arrears, nished the Royal Regiment of Scotts Dragoons with Cloaths and all other Accoutrements; and the said Regiment removing from the English Establishment to Scotland, there remains due to the Petitioner 2,390/. 9$. gd. as appears by his Accounts in the Lord RanelagKs Office:

And praying, That he may be paid out of the Arrears due to the said Regiment, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for adjusting the Debt due to the Army be brought in,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morrt- Suppressing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Pi,ttCy* House, to consider of the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracies*

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Bill for Papists hindering Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs, {1re<j1tgSlant be further adjourned until Tomorrow Sevennighl. ens‘

Ordered, That the Report for making the River Dee Dee navigable, be made upon Monday Morning next. Navigation.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

H h h

140 Febru.

2 10

150 Februa

A. 1699.

Jovisy 15* die Februarii; Gulielmi Tertii.

12

Cow per's Estate.

Half-pay.

A'

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Cow-per, of the City of Chester, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Beer and Ale Measures*

Exe

Navigation.

A Petition of Colonel Baldwin Leighton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was the first Commissioned Officer that appeared for his Majesty, and the Protestant Interest, in Ireland, upon the Resolution, and used his utmost Endeavours towards the rescuing that Kingdom out of Popish Hands; and, though great Solicitations were made to him, to continue in the Service of the late King James, with Promises of paying the Petitioner all his Arrears, amounting to near 1,000l. yet he attended his Majesty with the Address and Association of the Protestant Nobility and Gentry of Ireland\. before his Majesty's Accession to the Throne, and returned into Ireland with about 5.50 blank Commissions, and was made a Colonel himself; in which Service he suffered very great Losses: And there is due to him, for subsisting Ids Men, and his ow n Pay, the Sum ot 2,400l. besides his former Arrears: And praying, That he may have Half-pay as a Colonel, until his Arrears are paid, or he be otherwise provided for.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the ascertaining the Measures of Beer and Ale, according to sealed Measures, to be kept in every Tow n, was read the Third time.

An iiigrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for marking of Glass and Eai then-ware Measures:

And the same was Tw ice read; and amended;

And then the same was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to the Colleges and Halls in the Universities:

And the same was Thrice read, and agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. 3. L. *, after " same," to insert " and the said " Standard Measures shall be delivered to every succeeding Officer

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. *, L. *, to leave out " One Penny per Quart,

" and so in proportion," and insert One Farthing per Measure

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the ascertaining the Measures for retailing Ale and Beer.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierpoint do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exetei', and other the principal Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, and County of the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners designing to make the River Exe navigable from the Sea to the said City, which will be of public Good to the Places adjacent, and increase his Majesty's Revenues there, have expended, for that Purpose, within 25 Years past, the Sum of 10,000l. and the further Sum of 11,000l. within the last Two Years; which

Sums are still owing from the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, who, of themselves, are not able to complete the said Work: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising Money for perfecting the making the River Exe navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House, whether it be fit, that a Bill be brought in according to the said Petitition:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. ScobellMr. Clark, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Carter,

Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Vernon, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Rowland Guy n, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lcrwther,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Weston, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Duke,

Mr. Boscazi'cn, Mr. Henley, Mr. For fescue, Mr. Yates,

Mr. Mounsteven, Sir Tho. Day, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Tredeilham, Mr. Mount ague, Sir Ja. IIoxo, Sir Geo. Rook, Mr. Campion, Mr. Grecnhill,

Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Blaake, Lord Ranelagh, Sir JVa. Young, Sir Arth. Owen, Mr. Thornhagh; and all . that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mer- Exe chants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of IsavlSal101 Exon, paying Scotland Lot, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said City has enjoyed a flourishing Trade for many Years; which was greatly advanced by the Convenience the Citizens have had, for above 100 Years, by bringing their Goods imported from foreign Parts, by Barges and Lighters, to the said City: But the Chamber of the said City, being intrusted with the Disposal of its Revenues, have unadvisedly undertaken to enlarge their Chanels, through which the Lighters and Barges used to pass; and, for about 15 Months last past, have diverted the River out of its ancient Course, and totally deprived the Petitioners of their said Conveniency, to their very great Damage:

That the said Chamber, being disappointed in their rash Undertaking, have desisted from prosecuting thereof; and refuse to apply the Revenues of the saief City, w herewith they are only intrusted as Trustees, towards finishing the said Work, although they have sufficient for that Purpose; the same being, by their own Estimate, to be done for 5,000l.: But, by indirect Practices, the Chamber have procured a Petition to be signed to this House, by great Numbers of poor Inhabitants of the said City, who are no way liable to pay Rates or Taxes, desiring Leave to bring in a Bill to assess the Inhabitants of the said City towards completing the said Work; which Tax, as it is altogether unnecessary, so it will be very grievous to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may not be burdened with an unnecessary Tax; but that the Revenues of the City may be applied to make the said River navigable, as formerly it was.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, is referred.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege Stuteville, being summoned to attend a Committee of this Witness House, as he was going away from the said Committee, ^ouse.1 was taken up by Sir Talbot Clark and one Mr. Edmund Evans\ who detained him into their Custody, on Account of their being Bail for him;

Ordered, That the said Sir Talbot Clark and Mr. Evans do set the said Mr. Stuteville at Liberty.

Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the Supply* whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered

in

Gooook,

12 W. III.

15° Februarii.

'll i

in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, towards the Payment of his Proportion of the Debt owing to the Prince of Denmark.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Carrying on the Coinage of the Gold and Silver of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for continuing the Contracts for circulating Exchequer Bills for One Year longer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards making good the Deficiencies of the Aid of Three Shillings in the Pound, granted in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards making good the Deficiencies of the Duty upon Paper and Parchment, granted the same Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards making good the Deficiencies upon Malt 'Pickets.

Resolved, 'I hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards making good the Deficiencies of the Quarterly Poll, grained in the Ninth Year of his Majesty's lieign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards the Paying off the Debt due for Transport Service.

Resolxed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards the Payment of the Debt due to the Navy, and the Debt due for sick and wounded Seamen.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, "and the Monies, to be raised, to be laid out in " Lands in this Kingdom, and settled upon the Prince

iC and Princess, and their Issue, according to the Marriage Agreement

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards the Payment of his Proportion of the Debt owing to the Prince of Denmark; and the Monies, to be raised, to be laid out in Lands in this Kingdom, and settled upon the Prince and Princess, and their Issue, according to their Marriage Agreement.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his ^ebt due to Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That his Majesty will please to use his Endeavours lo procure other Princes and States to pay their Proportions of the Debt due to the Prince of Denmark.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to ^leans* consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House Deficient an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the defi- Auls-cient Aids.

The House being acquainted, That Mr. Auditor Shales Grants from attended at the Door; the Crown.

He was called in: And, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Grants passed and inrolled in his Division, since his present Majesty's Accession to the Crown.

And then he withdrew.

And the litle of the Account was read:

And the Account is as followeth, annexed hereunto.

V°L. 13.

An

An ACCOUNT of all Grants passed and inrolled in the Office of Henry Shales Esquire, one of the Auditors of his Majesty's Land Revenue, since his present Majesty's Accession to the Crown;

made out, by Order of the Honourable House of Commons, the 9th of February 1699.

Counties.

Surry

Kent

Berks

Bucks

Kent

Bucks

Surry

Bucks

Kent

Kent

Kent

Manors, Lands, Rents, £cc.

THE Passage of Richmond Ferry - -

A Piece of Land in Deale, called the Sea Vally or Beach Waltons Mease in Old Windsor -

St. Johns Wood in Chipping JViccombe -Nethercombe, alias Eastcombe Farm, in East Greenwich Ward Mead, in Eaton - -

The Lodge in Richmond Old Park -

Tythes in Dinton

Waste Ground upon Blackheath £An annual Rent of 54/. 19$

10 d. issuing out of the Manor of North-J Jlect; 20/. 5s. 6d. issuing out of the Manor of Shoreham; and 3/. 6 s. Sd. issuing out of the Manor of Woodnesbrough -

r Annual or Fee-farm Rents of 14/. 12 s. issuing out of the Manor of River; 21. 4 s. \{d. out of Lands and Tenements in Szvinfield, Brock-land, and St. Austins,; 5s. and 8 d. out of Lands in Halstow; 6$. 8d. out of other Lands in Halstow; 11 s. 10 d. out of Lands in Upton;

2 s. 6d. out of other Lands in Upton; 21. 2 s. out of Lands and Tenements in Breners, Luckingdale, Farthings, and JVolton; 2 s. 6d. out of Botsom; 5 s. out of Honny Gavil; 8 s. 5 d. out of the Manor of Deane; is. id. out of the Court Lodge of Elmstead; 8 s. 10 d, out of Park House, and Lands called Lindsors in Folkstone; 1 s. 7 \ d. out of VMloflhzMmocoiAshmerfeldmWattam; 19 s. o^d. out of the Manor of Sheaford; 3s. 6d. out of 25 Acres of Land in Hackington; 11 s. 6d. out of the Manor of May ton, alias Maxton in Surry; is. 6 d. out of North Wilderton; 13 s. 4 d. out of Royhton, alias Shelve; 2 s. 7\d. out of Lands in Sutton Valence in Parkendon Monry; 2 s. 4 d. out of the Manor of Nunington; is. 6d. out of the Manor of Ham;

2 s. 6 d. out of the Manor West gate; 4 s. 6d. out of Lands in Upper and Nether Court; 3$. 4 d. out of Lewknor Court; is. id. out of Lands in Harbledowne; \od. out of other Lands in Harble downe; and 4 s. 3 d. out of other Lands in Harbltdowne

Consideration-money.

20/.

201, and Considera-7 tion of Rebuilding f

.30/. per Annum -901. -

110/.

300 /.

The Rent 5 /.

fiool. Fine, and 19/.} £ 10$. Arrears of Rent S and}

Satisfaction off Rents, C granted - j

t 1 os. Arrears of f 4/. 18 v. 10 d.

) in Satisfactio J reprisable R< C before grante<

82/. 15 s. 4d. and in' Satisfaction of j prisable Rents fore granted

and in") of re-f 3 bew

To whom granted.

To Lady Mary Ash

pTo George Watson £ Esquire

To John Mitchell Esquire S To John Gibbons £ Gentleman fTo Ralph Sounder-I son Esquire

To Thomas West -

fTo John Latten I Esquire

f To Simon Maine I Esquire

To Nicholas Lock

To Siv John Batiks Baronet

By whom granted.

The Dates.

King Wm. and Qu. Mary King Wm.and Qu. Mary ^King Wm. and Qu. Mary King Wm. and Qu. Mary King Wm. and Qu. Mary King Wm. and Qu. Mary |King Wm. and Qu. Mary

1

King Wm. and Qu. Mary King Wm.the 3d

rthe Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents

To Sir John Banks Baronet

1 By the Trustees afore-y said - -

12 Oct. Anno l® -7 Julii, Anno 2'* -

9 Feb. Anno 3® - -

10 Martii, Anno 4° 28 June, Anno 4® -1 June, Anno 5® -

11 Oct Anno 6® -30 Dec. Anno 6® -9® Martii, Anno 7®

f24® Sept. Anno 2®

\WiUielmi & Maria

Term of Years.

(28 Years after the Expi-l ration of former Grants.

61 Years from the Date.

{31 Years after a former Grant.

(31 Years after a former I Grant.

(For 17 Years from Christmas, 1705.

(31 Years from Michaelmas before the Date.

31 Years from the Date, m

C31 Years from Lady-day I before the Date.

199 Years from Michaelmas before the Date.

f 24® Sept. Anno 2® \ Willielmi & Maria

For'ever.

I.

For ever.

o\

VO

VO

g

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

Counties.

O

fc-

Manors, Lands, Rents, See.

Yorkshire.>

Annual Kents of ioj. 2 f */. of the free Tenants of the Town of Killing;-alias Killing hall; 16I. 15 s. 2 i d. out of the Towns of Rojfet and Beckwith; 161. 19 s. 1 od. out of the Town of Bilton; SI. 185.

d. out of die Town "of Fcttiscliffe; 41. Js. 1 +d. out of the Town of

Hampestwait; 21. 7$. 4d. out of the Town of Mumvith; 2 I. 14 s. 4 d. out of the Town of Holme; 21. 5 s. 7 $d. out of the Town of Darley; 2/. 10$. 3 d. out of the Town of Thimble; SI. 17 s. id. out of the Town of Clifton; 5 /. 16$. \ id. out of the Town of Fewk-ston; 14/. 7 s. 0 id. out of the Town of Clint; and 8/. 8 s. 11 id. out of the Town of Birstrath, alias Birstratch -"Annual, or Fee-farm Rents of 19$. out of the Manor of Elmington; 7 s. id. out of a Tenement and Land in Crundall; Annual Fee-farm or Collection Rents of 17/. 17 s. 5 d. out of the Reeveship of Pens-hurst; 14/. 13 s. o £ d. out of the Reeveship of Cheeveping; Annual or Fee-farm Rents of 15 s. out of the Tythesof Offerdeon; 11. .5 s. 5 d

out of Lands in Fringlesham; 1 /. out of Englingwood, alias Hcdling-

Kent. /

Consideration-money.

Windsor.

Berks.

wood; 14/. 8 s. 8 \d. out of the Manor of Hildenborough; Annual Fee-farm or Collection Rents of 126 /. is. 11 -f d. out of the Bailliwick of Wingham; Annual or Fee-farm Rents of 13$. 4d. out of divers) Tenements in Greenwich; is. 4 d. out of several Tenements in Preston; 2s. 4 d. out of Lands in Bourdon; 2 s. out of Lands in G^dstone;

2 s. 6d. out of the Manor of West ram; 2 s. out of Lands in Holling-bourne; 6 s. Sd. out of Lands in Bo.vley; 5 s. out of Lands in Milton;

3 s. 8 d. out of Lands and Tenements in FttVersham; 2 s. 8 d. out of Tenements in Feversham; 11. 5 s. out of Lands and Tenements in Ulcombe; and 5 s. 6d. out of Lands in Ulcombe -

} Divers Castle-Guards, and other small Rents belonging to the Castle and \ Honour of Windsor, amounting in the Whole to 76 /. 3 s. 2 I d. per Ann. Annual or Fee-farm Rent out of Folly John Park of 10 /. fAnnual or Fee-farm Rents of 111, out of Taplow Mills; 13/. 6 s, 8d.

24,57i/- 5 s- 4^-

Bucks.

out of the Manor of Taplow; 14 /. 25. 6 ±d. out of the Manor of Hoi-mer; 15/. os. 1 id. out of the Manor of Burnham; 7 /. out of the Fishing in Burnham; A Lease-rent of n /. 18$. 1 d. out of the Site of the Manor of Burnham; Annual or Fee-farm Rents of 59 I. 6 s.

11 \d. out of the Manor of Upton; 101, out of the Tythes of Upton Grange; 41, out of the Tythes of the Demesne of Upton; and 151.

11 s. out of the Tythes of the Manor of Burnham fg6 Acres of Land and Pasture, lying in, or adjoining to, the several VII- ,

Yorkshire.. lages of Southeave, Elleker, Broomjleet, and the Hamlet of Provost Rent 50/. - - -<

( alias Provance ----- ----- V

Yorkshire fThe Site of the Monastery of St. Mary's, in the Suburbs of the City of} 0 ,

t York, and the Palace or Mansion-house without the Walls there - S 10

Mermrand9

This Consideration was likewise for several other Kents in the said Grants not within my Division.

1

btrland. lulling-mills near the late Monastery of Nezominster

Rent 10/.

. _f

To whom granted.

By whom granted.

The Dates.

To JVm. Earl of Portland.

Terms of Years.

| By the Trustees aforesaid. j

To Sir Tho. Chichley Knight.

Robert Walker Esquire.

Tho. Urwxpri Gentleman.

King Wm. and Qu. Maiy. jlCing Wm. and Qu. Mary. ^King Wm. and Qu. Mary.

18° Sept. 8° Williel-'X nit 3 tii.

18* Mar. Anno 40. 16° Mar. Anno 4*. 230 Junii, Anno 40.

1

For ever*

fgg Years from Lady* I day 1692.

31 Years from the Date.

31 Years from Michael-

£ mas after the Date.

1 % W. III. 15° Februarii.

Counties.

Northumberland and Durham.

Cumbei'land.

Yorkshire.

Yorkshire. Durham.

North um-,) berland. j

Yorkshire. j Lancashire.

Hereford,

J Forces ter.

Lancashire.

Hereford. Essex. Lancashire.

Manors, Lands, Rents, &c.

All the Island called by the Name of the Holy Island, with the7 Appurtenances.....j

rManor of Azthurett and Randalinton, the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances called Net her by-hall -

Manor of Solam and Kinkendrezvs -Manor of Solport, with the Appurtenances Manor and Forest of Nicholl Forest -A Messuage, &c. called Shanks, alias Raburnhall; and a Farm and Grange, called Ba.vton Gill -Manor of Nunington; and capital Messuage, called Nunnington-Aa//, with the Appurtenance^ -

3 Oxgangs in Pickhall -

Reversion, &c. of the Manor of Burton upon the Wolds, with the I Appurtenances - -- -- -J

W hicli last mentioned Premises in Cumberland and Yorkshire was Parcel of the forfeited Estate of Sir Richard Grahme Baronet. Mines and Veins of Lead, within the Territories and Fields of 7 Grinton, Whit aside, Harkaside, and Fremington - - - J

(Coal Mines in Lanton Hills, alias Lampton Hills, within the Manors of Soft ley, within the Common Fields of Wickham, and within several / ( Parcels of Lands, called Brinkburne Lands, alias King's Lands ,)

Coal Mines, &c. in the Fields of Bebside and Cowpen

Several Messuages and Fannholds, Parcel of the forfeited Estate of 7 Sir Roger Strickland - )

The Site of the Monastery of Fomeis -

A Messuage, with Land, Meadow, and Pasture, in Clifford; a j Tenement, with the Appurtenances, in Huntington j anothers

1 Tenement, wdth Garden and Appurtenances, in Huntington, called the Kay Worwill, and a Piece of Land in All Saints

2 Cottages and Lands in Tenbury -

T All that the Manor or Lordship of Muchland, with divers other*)1 Lands and Tenements - j

Divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, mKingstonanAHuntbigton

A Tenement, called Bushells in Lumborne - -

Salthill Hayes, in Clitheroe ——

Consideration-money,

To whom granted.

By whom granted.

i«;o/ ..... f Barbary Colling- 7

0 t wood, Spinster. J

500l. Rent

300l. Rent - -

Cha. Earl of Carlislefl Sir Geo. Fletcher, Ba- ( ronet, and Tho. Ben- f low junior, Esquire. '

Rent 21, and Part of the Profits.

Rent 1 /. 6 s. 8 d.

(Rent 3/. 6$. 8d. and) t-nr Part of the Profit, j

Surrender of Annuity 7 of 300l.

Rent 200l. - - ]

f Geo. Tushingham } £ Gentleman, j r Tho. Neat Esquire, 7 / and Mich.Thompson / C Gentleman. )

Edward Hindmarsh } Gentleman. 5

Alex. Johnstown 7 Esquire. j

Tho. Preston Esquire.

3/.

15/- -

- - Robert Price Esquire.

Geo. and John Sazcyer'l Esquires.

Wm. French Esquire. Mr. John Webster.

KvcigWm. and Qu. Mary.

King Wm. and Qu Mary,

King William the 3d. King William the 3d.

King William the 3d.

King Wm. the 3d. KingWm. and Qu. Mary.

King Wm. and Qu. Ma?y,

King Wm, and Qu.Mary

King Wm. and Qu Mary King William the 3d,

Tb« Dates.

30° Nov. Anno 4*

20 Years from Lady-day 1703.

5* Mar. Anno 6*.

Terms of Years.

f 99 Years from Lady-£ day 1693.

18 Aug. 1696.

28 Aug. Anno 90.

8 Oct. Anno 90.

5° Aug. Anno 90. 7° Junii, Anno i°

29 Mar. Anno 4®.

31 Years from the Date.

31 Years from the Date.

'15 Years from 27 Sept 1712.

f 21 Years from Lady [ day before the Date.

V 21 Years from Lady-(day next after the Date,

29 Years after a former Grant.

f 99 Years after Q. I Dowager.

17* Junii, Anno 5°.

23 Junii, Anno 50.

22 Feb. Anno 7°. If 21 YeaT3 from LadU' II 97.

f 31 Years from i. day 1692.

150 Februarii. 1699.

*} "leA

Counties. ' Manors, Lands, Rents, <$-c. Consider* tlo n-m oney.

< p Lancashire Monastery of Fumeis ----- --- 200l. Rent -

V. - - The Manor of Egham, with divers free and customary Rents 571/. is.

JSuotf - - 1* Poulton Farm and Abbot's Wood, and divers Lands in the Parish? of Alkam ----- - - -y -

Bucks - - i The Christopher Inn in Eaton, with divers Messuages, Lands, and} ' Tenements - - - -j -

.Surry - - Parkhill in Rigale Manor ----- -- Rent 30/. -

Sussex - - 250 Cartloads of Charcoal, and 30 Cords of Wood, yearly, out of) [, St. Leonard's Forest - - - -Ji 150 I. Fine, and 361. 13 s. 4(1. Kent.

- - "A Tenement, called Nethercombe, alias Eastcombe, newly built Deptford Ditch, with a small Piece of Ground adjoining thereto A Little Messuage upon the Waste of Deptford Manor, in Kingstreet West Broomfield, in Deptford Parish The capital Messuage or Site of the Manor of Saye's Court, near; Deptford - - - -Rents of Assize of the free and customary Tenants in East Ptckham, amounting to 11 /. per Ann. - - - -Rents of Assize in the Manor of East Farleigh, and other Rents, called Treasury Rents, amounting to 49/. \&s. 2id. per Ann. -Divers Rents of Assize in Swinfield, amounting to 13/. 2 s. 4 d. per Ann. - -

iSurry - 'Manor of East Moulsey, &c. ----- - Hampton Court Ferry, &c. ----- -- Fishing at Cobham , Richmond Ferry ----- -- i King's Bench and Graneir, Southwark ----- I The Pike Garden - - - ^The Site of the Monastery of Sheene, alias West Sheene, alias Richmond,) Good Services - -

Sussex - - f Lands, &c. called Northey ----- - £ Messuages, Rents, Lands, &c. called Oldbury and Sea Beach

Bedford - Ampthill Great Park, & af - -

O.ron - - f Waste Ground and Soil in Stewood, valued at 50/. per Ann. Waste Ground and Soil in Shotover, valued at 50/. per Ann.

Yorkshire - Halifax Tythes, amounting to $9 /. 6*. id. per Ann \

To whom granted.

By whom granted.

f Thomas Preston £ Esquire 4 Wm. Blatkwait,) \ Esquire - - - S

ro Tho. Edolph Esquire - -

To Jane Platt -Sir John Parsons ^Mrs. Mary Calfe

King William the 3d. - -

King Wm. and Qu. Mary -

King Wm. and Qu. Mary

King Wm. the 3d.

King Wm. the 3d.

King Wm. the 3d.

The Dates.

Terms of Years.

27 Aprilis, Anno 70.

1

23° Feb. Anno. 6.

26 May Anno 2\

10 Julii, Anno 7*. -5° Julii, Anno 7*.

27 Martii, 7*. - -

31 Years from the Date.

99 Years after Q.

Dowager.

C60 Years from Michael-l mas, 29.

21 Years from the Date.

31 Years from the Date*

For ever.

rCharles Bertie, ~ Samuel Traverse,) James Herbert, and

Rich. Ponvys, Esquires -

King William the 3d.

- i6JuniiAn*8*

f 31 Years after Queen I Dowager.

H4

Cn

12 W.III. 15* FebruariL

I Counties.

Surry -Surry -

Berks -

Kent -Sussex -

- -

Suriy -

Lancashire -

Ifcr/ta - -Iterfo - -

Berfo - -

Ik/'so - -

Berfa - -

North urn- } berland -j

Sussex -

Manors, Lands, Rents, &c.

A Messuage and Appurtenances in Richmond -The Manor of Rigate and Howleigh . -

|A Messuage, called King Henry the 8th, Afew Windsor - -

Cock Close in Eaton -

{The Mansion-house of East Greemoich, called the QweozV Housed with the Park there ----- - - -ji

('Lands, &c. called Paggam Tarrs, the Horsheadsy Kennemnarsh,7 £ Kenner Farm, and Bailys Slip ----- -j

fThe Site of the Manor of Gillingham - - - - o

j Westwood, &c. - -- -- - ->

Westmead, &c. ——

7 Acres of Woodland, in Richmond New Park

Hawkeshill, Woodend, Abbyswood9 &c.

CDivers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in D<z % in Kirkpatrick,') £ in the Zs& of Man - - - -j

r3 Tenements in 0&/ Windsor\ and a Messuage, called JValtons Messuage ——

Lands called Kingsbury, & a/'

A Tenement and Garden, called Frogmeare; 2 Closes in Newl Windsor; 3 Acres of Land in Spelthurst; a capital Messuage, f called Frogmore, and divers other Parcels of Land in Datchet t Mead, and O/rf and Aeo; Windsor - - - - -J

\Avelyns Grove, alias Frogmore Grove; the Sign of King Henry the*} 8th; 4*Pieces of Ground, from the Castle to the New Park -j

Manor of New and Old Windsor, and Mussians Farm

Divers Fee-farm small Rents, amounting to 201 L 19$. $\d. per Ann

The Manor of Old Courty & aV.....

Sedgwick Park, & al - - - - -5

Consideration-money.

100l.

20/. - -

2501 -

h37 *

196/.

80/. - -3,199^ l9

2,000 -

To whom granted. , 1 By whom granted. t Is The Dates. I

To Anne Hopper - King William the 3d. - 30 Maii, Anno 89

f To Joseph Jeakill 7 £ Esquire - -3 King William the 3d. - 20 April, Anno 90 - ]

fTo Richard Topham~) £ Esquire - - -3 King William the 3d. - s3 i* Maii, Anno g*-< f

f To Henry Earl of 7 \ Romney - - -3 King William the 3d. - 31° Aug. Anno 90 - 3

(To Matthew Westonl Esquire - - -) King William the 3d. - 18 Feb. Anno g° - ( f j

C To JVm. Lombard 7 C. Esquire - -j King William the 3d. - 20 Feb. Anno 9* -\ s

f To Law. Earl of 7 \ Rochester - -3 5 To Sam. Aldridge \ \ Esquire - - -3 King William the 3d. -King William the 3d. - l! 28° Oct. Anno 10° 3° Feb. Anno 1 o° -

S To Sir Nic. Sher- 7 borne - - -j King Wm. the 3d. - - 18 Feb. Anno 10° -

C To John Mitchell 7 \ Esquire - - -3 King William the 3d. - 11 Maii, Anno 11*

C To TViUiam Smith 7 C. Esquire - - -J King William the 3d. - 26 Maii, Anno 11°

To Wm. Aldzcorth 7 £ Esquire - - -3 King JVm. the sd. - - 26 Maii, Anno 1 \°

C To Rich. Topham 7 \1 Esquire - -j King William the 3d. - 6 Junii, Anno 11°

C To John Powney 7 7 Esquire - -! 3 To Jlnu Williams, 7 ( Esquire - - -3 King Willam the 3d. - 1 By the Trustees for Salel ' of 1‘ee-iarrn Rents. J 27 Junii, Anno l r 15 Martii, Anno 110} Willielmi 3 th. 3

fTo Nathanael Brands < and James Ptmber\ t Esquires -,) King William the 3d. - 4* Nov. Anno 1i* 1 1

Terms of Years.

Baptist after the Date.

V

ver.

ears from Michaelmas 1715.

21 Years from the 10 of June 1701.

31 Years from the Date.

61 Years from the Date.

;o Years from Lady-day 1728.

28 Years from Lady-day 1730-

2 Years from Lady-day 1738.

For ever.

25 Years and £ from x Lady-day 1704.

21 Years from 1700. For ever.

99 Years from the Date. 99 Years from the Date.

For ever.

99 Years from the Date. For ever.

1-4

For

ever.

150 Februarii. I^99*

1

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

0§

FT

w

pr

pr

J5-

Counties. f Manors, Lands, Rents, Ac. Consideration-money. To whom granted. By whom granted. The Dates. Terms of Year®,

Warwick- sA/rc - f Stafford- f aA/rc -' The Site of the Demesne Lands of the Priory of Alvecote, and divers other Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in Alvecote aforesaid; and the Manor of Shuttington and Alvecote Wood; with divers other Premises - - - J,) "Reprisals for whaO fell short of certain forfeited Estates of) Rich. Faggam and Plunkety in IrelandJ To Tho. Lord Co- \ ningsby. J King William the 3d. 30 Aprilis Anno 9* f For ever, after Queen Dowager.

Sumy - -London - - Oatland House, and Oatland Park, with the Appurtenances f A large Messuage in Serjeants-Inn in Fleet-street, containing Eight/ I Rooms, in the Tenure of Sir Thomas Rookesby - - -j - f To John Agar " ( Esquire. J King William the 3d. 20 July Anno 8® For ever. $ The Remainder of a former Grant.

Lancaster - Several small Fee-farm Rents, amounting to 44/. 1 os. 3} d. per Ann*l

Westmorland Several Fee-farm Rents, amounting to 39I. 6s. 2id. per Ann. - } 3,2001.

Cumberland Warwick - Several Fee-farm Rents, amounting to 11 /. 145. 11 per Ann. - J Several small Rents, amounting to 11 I. 195. 3 per Ann. > To Leonard Han- J cock and John > Warner Esquires.) By the Trustees aforesaid. (" 6* Jan. Anno 9® 7 £ Willielmi 3tii. J For ever.

Leicester - f Several Fee-farm Rents in the said County, amounting to 22 /. 4s.( I 8f </. per Ann. 2,4001.

Memorandum. I cannot possibly give a perfect Account of all Grants since his Majesty's Accession to the Crown, pursuant to the Order of this Honourable House,.by reason several hath been within the Division of other Auditors, and not before me; and besides, there hath been lately several Rents claimed, as purchased of the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents within my Division; but, the Deed not being inrolled before me, I cannot give that Account of his Majesty's Revenue within my said Division which I ought or could do, if all Grants were inrolled in due Course accordingly. All which is most humbly submitted to this Honourable House.

Per Henry Shales, Auditor. I m

w

12 W. III. 150 Februarii.

Employing the Poor.

State of the Nation.

State of Revenue.

State of Trade.

Hamborough

Company.

Framework-

knitters.

Committees.

Deal Waterworks.

Februarii. 1699.

418 15 — 16°

Ordered, That said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better relieving and employing the Poor of this Kingdom.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, representing to him the Resolutions of this House, of the 18th of January last, relating to the Grants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.,

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee, to consider further of the State and Condition of the Trade of England.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better encouraging and settling the Trade of the Hamborough Company be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Barnardistoji, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Bethcll, Sir Robert Edon, Sir JVm. St. Quint in y. Mr. Yates, Sir Abstr. Danby, Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Probert, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Framework-knitters, inhabiting in the Counties of Not-tinghamx Leicester, and Derby, is referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Februarii;

12* Gulielmi TertiL

Prayers.

A PETITION of JVittiam Rider Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the late King Jams the Second, by his Letters Patents, did grant unto the Petitioner, and Edward Burdet Esquire, the sole Liberty and Power to erect a Conduit, Wharf, and other Buildings, upon the Beach of New Deal; and to dig the Highways, Streets, and waste Grounds, for laying Pipes, and bringing fresh Water to the said Town; which will be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants, and all Shipping resorting thither, where they have no fresh Water at present: But the Petitioner, who purpose th to supply the said Necessity from a River called foe. North Stream, it being the Opinion of able Engineers, that it cannot be done by Wrell-water, cannot effectually perform this Undertaking, without breaking up some small Part of the Soil of some Persons, lying between the Town and the said River: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to perform and complete his Undertaking for bringing fresh Water to the Town of Deale.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Dovers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Colonel John Mitchelborne9 late Governor of Londonderry, in behalf of himself, and the Regi- Army ment lately under his Command, was presented to the Arrears. House, and read; setting forth, That in 1698, the Peti-titioner petitioned this House, setting forth the Sufferings and Services of the said Regiment, in defending the said City against the late King James, for which their whole Pay remained in Arrear; which Petition was referred to a Committee; who reported, That the Petitioner bad fully proved the Allegations of his Petition; and the House was pleased by an humble Address to recommend them to the King, lor such Compensation as he should think fit; but they have not yet received any Benefit thereby: That, upon stating the Accounts of the Army, the said Regiment is not brought into Pay, 'till January 1690; rthich excludes them Ten Months and Tw enty-five Days short of any other Regiments; notwithstanding the y mustered, and did Duty equal with the rest of the Army:

And that, besides the Arrears due' to the Petitioner as Colonel of the said Regiment, there is due to him, as Governor of I/mdmderry, 992 /. as appears by the said Report, for which he hath not hitherto received any Pay or Reward; And praying, That his Case may be taken into Consideration and that Provision may be made for the Payment of his Arrears, either with the Arrears of the Army, or otherwise, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for adjusting the Debt to the Army be brought in.

A Petition of divers of the Clergy of the County Of Petitionfn Norfolk, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented NurfoIlt-to the House, and read; setting forth, That # # *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the said former Act is committed.

A Petition of the most considerable Traders in the Frauds b; Fustian and Linen Manufactures, in the County Palatine. }Vork1‘pe( of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many thousands of Families get their tmes. Livelihood by the said Manufactures; but the Poor, who are intrusted with Cotton, Fustian, West Yarn, and Cloth, cheat the Petitioners, being thereto encouraged by Persons who buy it of them, at a Half, or great Under-value; and for that the I^w is defective in bringing such Offenders to speedy Punishment; so that the Petitioners dare not trust and employ the Poor, who, for want of Work, are reduced to extreme Poverty: And praying, That some Expedient may be provided, by a Clause to be inserted in some Bill, depending in the House, for preventing the Mischief aforesaid, and for Encouragement of the said Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, is committed: And that they have Power, if they think fit, to receive a Clause according to the said Petition.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Fellowship Bristo

of Tallow Chandlers, within the City of Bristoll, was Talk*

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Chan(

* That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Bill to enable Edward Mansell Esquire, to mortgage Man and sell the Impropriate Rectories of Llanridian and Esta Penrice, in the County of Glamorgan, for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Henlys, and other Lands, of more Value; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Vaughan,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Morgan, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr.

Pierpoint,

Stoning

Akocialions.

Robinson's ! bute.

Clubcry's

Estate.

Avon

Navigation.

Brixtmi Land Tax,

Restoring Man is.

12 W. III. 16° Februarii. aid

Pierpoint, Mr. Yates, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Ztyaf, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. White, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. England' Sir if/c/i. Onslow, Sir John Packington, §\f Rich. Farrington, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Price, Sir Roberta Dovers, Mr. Vernon, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Thursby; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoooon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Mr. Mompesson, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise by Members of Corj)orations having neglected to sign the Association in due time: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for vesting the Manor of Overhall, and other Lands in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, in Trustees, for the raising 7,000 L for the Portion of Anne Robinson, his only Sister; and for the vesting the Lands, and personal Estate, of the said Anne, in the said Sir Thomas, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of John Clo-bery Esquire, deceased; and for raising Portions and Maintenance for his Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fortesque, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Robei't Davers, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Carter, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Boscazcen, Sir Edward Ernly, Mr. Travers, Mr. Dyott, Mr. White, Mr. Green-hill, Mr. Freke, Mr Cow; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the former Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to New Sarum, more effectual, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Freeholders and others, of the Hundred of Brivton and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have paid 4$. 6d. and 5$. 6 d. in the Pound, upon the two last 3 s. Aids upon Land, by reason many Persons, whose Estates were in Money, have since lost the same in Trade; others, who paid double, have complied with the Law, and now pay but single; and many others have removed out of the said Hundred and Borough; and many Families are impoverished by the great Fires in Bermondsey, and other Places; whereby the Petitioners are grievously burdened by the present Land Tax: And praying to be relieved in the succeeding Taxes.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debt due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir John Packington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Henry Fitzharris Baronet, was referred, That they had examined and considered the same, and had agreed upon Resolutions, winch they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Vol. 13.

Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same # *

That, upon Examination of the Allegations contained in the said Petition, it did appear, That the Estate of Sir Edward Fitzharris Baronet, the Petitioner's Grandfather, was, immediately after the Rebellion in 1641, granted to Robert Oliver Esquire, and others; who possessed themselves thereof; the said Sir Edward being neither outlawed, attainted, or convicted of any Crime:

That by the Act of Settlement and Explanation, made in the 17th and 18th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, it is, amongst other Things, enacted,' That the said Sir Edward Fitzharris, with several others therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, Should be restored unto their several and respective-Seats; as they should respectively choose, in Two Months after the Sitting of the Commissioners for examining the said Act* and of 2,000 Acres of Land thereunto adjoining, if they, or any of their Ancestors, or any in Trust for them, were seised of so much, upon the 22d of October 1641; subject nevertheless to the Proviso following; vis.

That if any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of Six Months, next after the Royal Assent to this Bill actually given, allege before the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Council there, that the said Sir Edward Fitzharris huth committed any Massacre, Murder, or any such heinous Crime or Cruelty, upon the Persons of any of his Majesty's good Subjects; and shall prove the same by such Witnesses, or other Evidence, as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors, and Council there, shall think good Proof; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors there, by Order of the Council, to declare and adjudge him the said Sir Edward Fitzharris to be guilty of the Crimes and Cruelties so alleged and proved as aforesaid; and, upon such Declaration and Judgment, the said Sir Edward Fuzkarrisii and his Heirs, shall be, and are hereby made, incapable of any Benefit or Advantage in and by this present Act given, or of any Restitution as aforesaid; but shall remain and be, to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Plight and Condition as he or they would have been, if the said Sir Edward Fitzharris had not been named in this present Act: That there is a Clause in the said Act, for an Equiva-> lent to the Tenants in Possession:

That it appeared to the Committee, by an attested Copy' of an Order made by the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, the 25th Day of May 1666, That the said Robert Oliver exhibited a Petition at the Council Board, setting forth, That the Petitioner was able to prove the said Sir Edzcard Fitzharris guilty of *such Crimes, as would render him incapable of any Benefit by the said Act: To which Petition the Defendant Sir Edward did appear, and answer: And the Cause being, according to Appointment, then heard, in the Presence of both Parties, and their Counsel, and upon full Hearing thereof, and of such Witnesses or Evidences as were then produced, it was by the said Lord Lieutenant and Council declared, That no Proof, by Witnesses or other Evidences, had been produced before them, whereby they might be induced to declare and adjudge the said Sir Edward Fitzharris to be guilty of any Massacre, Murder, or such other heinous Crime or Cruelty, committed upon die Person of any of his Majesty's good Subjects:

That it likewise appeared to the said Committee, That Edzcard Fitzhams, Son and Heir to the said Sir Edzcard Fitzharris, was, about the Time mentioned in the said Order, or soon afterwards, married to a Protestant, by whom he had Issue the Petitioner, who hath been educated in the Protestant Religion; and the said Sir Edward Fitzharris, who was a bigoted Papist, refused to prosecute his Claim to his said Mansion-house, and 2,000 Acres of Land, which all, or the greatest Part, of the Persons named, with the said Sir Edward Fitzharris, in the said Act of the 17th and 18th Years of the said late King Charles the Second, had obtained; and often

declared,

Excise Laws respecting Brewers.

Impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Call of the House.

220 i 6° — 170 1699.

declared, That, seeing his fleirs at Law were Hereticks, he did not care what became of the said Esate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sir Henry Fitzharris hath fully proved the Allegations contained in his said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to restore the said Sir Henry Fitzharris to the Estate of Sir Edicard Fitzharris, his Grandfather, deceased.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Sir Henry Fitzharris hath fully proved the Allegations contained in his said Petition.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restore the said Sir Henry Fitzharris to the Estate of the said Sir Edward Fitzharris, his Grandfather, deceased;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Masters, and Keepers or Wardens, and Commonalty of the Mystery and Art of Brewers, of the City of London, and the rest of the Brewers in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it is the Property of all Englishmen to be tried by a Jury; but that Right was taken away from the Petitioners by an Act of the 12th Car. 2di for granting certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; whereby all Forfeitures and Offences were to be heard by the Commissioners of Excise, from whom an Appeal was to be had to Commissioners of Appeals to be appointed by his Majesty, whose Judgment was to be final: That the Offences comprised in the said Act were but few, and the Forfeitures small; but, by several late Acts, very great Penalties are inflicted for small Offences, and a Moiety given to Informers: And although, by the last Acts, it is directed, That the Penalties shall be recovered by Information, &c. in Westminster-hall; yet Liberty is thereby given, that such Penalties may be recovered by such Ways as by the said Act; by which Means, there has not one Penalty been sued for at Westminster, as the Petitioners know of: That the Gaugers also charge the Petitioners with more than they ought, against which, the Petitioners have made Complaints; but the Commissioners of Excise will not hear or relieve them before Payment of the Duty, contrary to the Meaning of the said Act. as the Petitioners conceive: The Commissioners also refuse to appoint the Hearing of such Complaints against Overcharges in Course; whereby they often . many Months and Years unheard; but, upon Information of a Penalty, the same is forthwith heard, adjudged, and levied upon the Petitioners, who, at the same Time, have many Complaints depending of much elder Date; and though positive Evidence be given of such Overcharges, yet the Complainants are denied Relief: That many Times the Petitioners have Drink returned, which has paid the Duty; and they are forced to start, or put again into new Drink, then in the Tuns; which though done in Presence of the Gaugers, yet they charge the same again with the full Duty of Excise, for which the Petitioners are forced to pay double Duty: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for their Relief in the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the House shall resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow^ Morning,. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament j and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the House be called over on this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then

attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Woollen M* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, nufactures, to consider of the Bill for taking away the Duties upon &c* Woollen Manufactures exported.

1

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the w hole House, to consider of Ways and Weuu3, Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bid; after the Committee upon the Bill touching free and im- Irish For-partial Proceedings in Parliament, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Half-pay. whom the Papers relating to Half-pay are referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect Commissic the Commissions of the Peace, and Commissions to De- *rs ot tllc puty Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were Ieac<u Seven Years last past, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine Charten. the Proceedings relating to Charters, and what new Charters have been granted during this Reign, have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 17* die Februarii;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ANDREW Richter took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Major Holmes, Sir Absti % upus Danby, Earl of B< Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Eng- ^montsf land, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Morgan, Mr. on uc Harley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Foley, Mr. Freke, Mr. Blisse,

Mr. Eyres, M v. Sounder son, Mr. Phillips, Sir IVm.

Hustler, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Jeremiah Basse Esquire, and John Lofting, Merchant, is referred.

Mr.

12 W. III. 170 Februarii. 221

Lbj*y. Mr. White reported, from Hie Committee, to whom the

jfoW . gill for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table :, Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jjonty Colonel jtybh'ly, according to Order, presented to the Jpls. House a Bill to enable Justices of Peace to repair the Gaols in their respective Counties: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the BUI be read on Monday Morning next.

ptbton Pe- A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in his Majesty's toon. Gaol at JJurham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Misfortunes and Losses brought them to Gaol; where they are close shut up, where the Closeness of the Place, and Number of Prisoners, hath caused a raging Fever amongst them, of which several are dead, and it doth not only threaten the rest, but the City itself is also in Danger of that Contagion: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petitions relating to Prisons are referred.

SAftts Mr. Serjeant Cozcard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Exton, and other Lands, in the County of Somerset, late the Estate of 7'ho. Sider-Jin Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had found the Allegations therein to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Com-». mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to re-

port the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

- Norwich Mr. Davy, according to Order, presented to the House !fat«r-work!. a Bill for confirming a Lease granted by the City of Norwich to Richard Barry and George Sorocold; and another Deed between the said City, and Richard Soame, and the said George Sorocold: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next

i tiparting A Petition of John Purchase, Wool-merchant, was

fol presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That hehas found out a Way to prevent the Exportation of Wool, the Laws hitherto made for that Purpose being ineffectual: And praying, That a Committee may be appointed to examine the Petitioner's Proposals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what has been done, upon the former Laws, against the Exportation of Wool; and for the encouraging the Woollen Ma-facture; and to report the same, with their Opinions of what may be further necessary to be done: And that the Petitioner do attend the Committee thereupon.

forges', Ordered) That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to h. Nat, naturalize John Bourges, Peter Boning, and others: And that Mr. Rayner do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Bill for taking the Estate in Law of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged to Jcofj'ry and Edward Hoxvlajid, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vo L. 13.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords^ intituled, An Act Holman to supply the Loss of certain Indentures of Lease and Indentures. Release, heretofore made by Philip Holman Esquire, since deceased, to George Holman his Son, now also deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Clark, from the Commissioners of the Excise, Excise according to Order, presented to the House an Account Penalties, of Adjudications, Mitigations, and Reversals, of Penalties suie} Forfeitures, from Midsummer 1683, to Midsummer 1699: And the Title thereof was read.

The same is in a Book by itself.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing of frivolous and vexa- yexatioug tious Suits in the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Suits in Palatine, w as read the Third time. Wales.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for Preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon do caity the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Godolphin, according to Order, presented to the clandestine House a Bill for the more effectual preventing and punish- Trade, ing unlawful and clandestine Trading: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to jud-lcatu whom the Bill for erecting a Judicature to relieve poor for Relief o Officers and Soldiers, touching their Pay detained from Officers and them, and other Injuries complained of, was committed, Soldiers, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petitions relating to the Q's and seamen*s R's, and the Report from the Lords Commissioners of Arrears, the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next, before the House resolves itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Blofield, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Expiring White, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Asgill, Mr. Ma- Laws. chell, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider what Laws are expired, and near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the Bill for paying oft* the Incumbrances Fleet on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carter,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Fox, Mr. Vernon, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Roberts, Mr. Duke, Mr. Dyot, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lawther, Sir Edward Emly,

Mr. Harley, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Winington,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Greenfield, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Bristow,

Sir Fra. Child, Mr. England, Mr. How, Mr. Hancock,

Mr. Vernon, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Cha. Windham,

Mr. Cox, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Blofield,

Mr. Perry, Mr. Davie, Mr. White, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Mitchell; and all that serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, and London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Reports and Petititions, which were laid upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Sefcond time, be referred to the said Committee.

L 11 Ordered,

122

170 — 190

1699.

King's Bench Ordered\ That the Dill for paying off the Incutn-

frison. brances on the King's Bench Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, be now read a Second time.

The Dili was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Reports and Petitions, which were laid upon the 'fable until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for saving, the Right of the Duke of Ltedsy touching a Fee-farm Rent issuing out of the Manor of Hasdy.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Edmund Denton l*ave Leave to go Absence. into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, a solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the applying all the for-ieited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the Thirteenth Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for raain-taininghis Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; apd had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee * of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

Bone-lace. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating to the Act for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace, was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next

Impartial The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Pro/eidmgs solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to me»t.r consider of the Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ways and Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

iiz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, only One Moiety of the several Duties paid upon the Importation of Tallow Candles from Ireland be drawn back upon the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, to be vested in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Publick, be applied towards Satisfaction of the Debt to the Army, the Transport Debt, and Tallies or Tickets, upon deficient Funds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon Wrought Silks, Bengalis and Stuffs mixed with Silks or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia9 China, or East India, and all Callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, until the 30th of Septe?nber 1701.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Allborough, Ordered That the Reports from the Committee of See. Llec- Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Allborougky in the County of York ;* and touching the Election for the Borough of Corf-Castle, in the County of Dorset; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hai'vcy, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Eyres, jcffe'i Mi. Rayner, Mr. Drake, be added to the Committee, Estate, to whom the Bill to enable James Jesses Esquire to sell Lands in Southminsier, in the County of Essex, for Payment of Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commiti

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunev, 19° die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi TertiL

Prayers.

PETITION of Giles Stephens, Deutenantin the h*U> Regiment commanded by the late Lord Lovelace, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, 'that ti>e Petitioner was early in taking up Arms upon the late Resolution; and wTas a Lieutenant in the said Regiment, from the first raising thereof, until it was broke into Sir Henry heliasys Regiment in Ireland; where the Petitioner was a Stranger, destitute or Subsistence, and sick a long time after; all which was very expensive to him; and also the Petitioner sustained great Losses by the late King James's Army, at his House at Egham: And praying,

That he may be inserted in the List of Officers allowed Half-pay, as other Officers of the said Regiment have.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with other Petitions of the like Nature.

A Petition of Michael Edwards, and Jane his Wife, f.<1wju formerly the Wife of Richard Parker, late of If eld, near Estate Gravesend, in the County of Kent, Gentleman, deceased; and of Henry Parker, Son and Heir of the said Richard Parker; and of William Parker, and Alm'tha his Wife, Daughter of the said Richard and Jane; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Richard Parker* was possessed of an Estate in or near Gravesend and If eld aforesaid; and mortgaged the same to Robert Brooks Gentleman for 900 /. which is yet du$ and a great deal of Interest: That Richard by his Will, devised the same to his said Son and Daughter equally; and, in case they died without Issue, then to his said Wife Jane: That Henry and Martha are under Age, and can-aot do any Act in Law to redeem the said Premises;

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to sell Part (ft the said Estate, to discharge the said Incumbrance thereupon, in regard of the said N onage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, acr cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mompesson

12 W. III. 190 Februarii.

223

i Mompesson and Mr. Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

jftkp. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act loon't, &c. for the Naturalization of Oliver D' Har court, and others, Jte* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Clark, Mr. Tilney, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Egerton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Yates, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Molineux, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Osborne, Sir John Philips, Mr. Pf/e, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Wining ton, Sir Godfrey Coply, Mr. Leather, Mr. Cox, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr. White, Mr. Shack-

erly, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Duke, Mr. Proby, Mr. Phillips: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

BowWi A Petition of Dame A/tfry Hudson, Relict of Sir Hemy baie. Hudson Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is advised, the Bill in the House for taking the Estate in Law of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged to Jeoffry and Edu ard Howland, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock, as it is now drawn, will greatly prejudice the Petitioner's Estate for Life, in Part of the said Lands: And praying, That she may be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

' Westminster Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a kli Debts. Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Thursday I next, at Twelve a Clock.

from A Petition of Shem Bridges and John Thornicroft Chancery- Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting so^, That there is a Bill brought into this House for the more effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincolns-inn yields, and Places adjacent, upon Suggestion that it is for a publick Good, and at the Desire of many of the Inhabitants; but the Petitioners are intitled to several Houses standing in the said new-intended Passage, which are to be pulled down, and the Ground employed in the said Passage, on Terms to which the Petitioners never agreed: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is . committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

UodTax. A Petition of the Landlords, &c. of the Parish of St. Georges, in the Borough of Southxcark, in the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That the Petitioners have paid above Four and Five Shillings in the Pound to the Land Tax for the Two last Years, by reason the Rents in the said Parish are fallen almost one Half within these Six or Seven Years last; and some Landlords have had their Houses stand empty, who have paid, for Taxes, more than Half the Rent received; which they are ready to prove: And praying. That they may be eased in the future Taxes.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Guards and Garisons, and towards paying the Debt due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Alerclmnts and others, in the ^raacei* City of London, was presented to the House, and read;

Vo L. 13.

setting forth, That the fair Trade of Insurance of Ships is a great help to Trade in general; but of late Years many Frauds-and Deceits have been acted therein, to the great Discouragement of the fair Traders, and Navigation;

And praying. That the Affair of Insurance may be settled, to prevent such Frauds and Deceits therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent fraudulent Insurances: And that Mr. Edward Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for vesting the Manor of Overhall, and other Robinson's Lands, in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of Sir Tho. Estate. Robinson Baronet under the Age of 21 Years, in Trustees, fertile raising 7,000l. for the Portion of Anne Robinson his only Sister; and for the vesting the Lands, and personal Estate, of the said Anne, in the said Sir Thomas, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Parke? % , Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Discrt, Mr. England,

Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Mounsteven, Mr. Davy, Mr. Hysharn, Mr. Scobell, Mr.

Thursby, Mr. Whitchcott, Mr. England, Mr. Lorwther,

Air. Hancock, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Bolles,

Air. Stonehouse, Lord Cheney, Mr. Rayner, Air Vernon,

Air. Bulkly, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Foley, Lord Hyde,

Air. Dolby, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Banks; and all that serve for the County of Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, Expences ia in a full House, take into Consideration the Act for Actions, preventing Expences in Elections.

Ordered, That Air. Sloane, a Alember of this House, do attend in his Place upon Saturday Aloming next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Thetford House, upon Saturday next, with the Writ and Return Writ, &c. for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk.

The House, according to "Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Land TaK the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and p"^[^es lutercsts in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crow n within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty s Navy,

Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.;

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to themv referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

Ordered, That all Committees do sit this Afternoon. Committees.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his King ap- Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by points to be this House upon Wednesday next, at Four a Clock in the attended. Afternoon, at Kensington.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, of the xmpartiai whole House, to whom the Bill for the more free and Proceedings impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, be ln Parha-made upon Friday Alorning next mthU

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorn- Sta|c of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Revenue. House, to consider of the State of his Majesty's Re

yenue.

Ordered,

t

224

i9° — 2i°

A. i6gx)v

Fleet PrUon. Ordered' That Sir Abstr. Danby, Sir Wm. Villers, Mr.

Manat on, Mr. 'Cook, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pye, Major Wilkins, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Onslow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, is committed.

Passage from Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Chancery- Thurland, Mr. York, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenings, Sir Wm. IJncoTn's- Blacket, Mr. Yates, Mr. Harney, Sir Wm. Forester, Sir inn-fidds. Robert Edon, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Weston, Sir Edicard Vane, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lanc to Lincoln s-inn-jields is committed.

Charters.

Exporting

Bark.

Foreign

Cordage.

Ordered, That Mr. Roicney, Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Parker7 Mr. Vernon, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr. Cook, Mr. G our don, Mr. Archdale, Mr. Asgill, Sir Richard Cocks, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine all the Proceedings relating to Charters; and what new Charters have been granted during this Reign.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 21* die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

A PETITION of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Tanners, within the City of Chester, on behalf of themselves, and others of their Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bark of Trees, which is absolutely necessary for the tanning of Leather, is become scarcer than formerly, great Quantities being ground to Dust, made up into Casks, and exported to Ireland; which Practice, if continued, will ruin the Peiitioners Trade, and damage the Landed Men of England, by rendering raw Hides of little Value: And praying, That a Remedy may be provided against the Exporting of Bark into Ireland\

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Master Ropemakers in and about the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and several other Masters and Journeymen of the same Trade, belonging to the several Sea Port Towns of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the late Practice of importing great Quantities of foreign Cordage, and Cable Yarn, the Petitioners are greatly impoverished, the Plantations, Which are chiefly supplied therewith, ill served, because it is not well wrought, and the Kings Duties diminished; all which is occasioned by the Drawback, being 5s. 7d. outward, and but 5s. 11 d. iuward Duty, per Hundred; so that the King hath but 4d. per C. Weight, which encourages the Merchants to import foreign Cordage; whereas, if the same were made in England, the Hemp pays 2$. 6d. Duty inwards, and the wrought Cordage 6d. outwards; and thereby the Petitioners would be employed, and the Plantations well served: And praying that the Drawback upon foreign Cordage, and Cable Yarn, may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of W'fcys and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Richard Harrison, of New College in the Esut*?n S Udiversity of Oxon, Gentleman, Executor of the last Will

and Testament of George Harrison, his Brother, deceased,

and Dorothy Harrison, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said George waar seised, at the time of his Death, with other Things, of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Farm of Nethercott, in the Parish of Lavknor, in the County of Oxon, in Remainder, after the Death of his Mother the said Dorothy, who is willing to sell her Estate for Life for a reasonable Satisfaction: That George, being indebted to several, charged his whole real and personal Estate with his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Charges; but, by the Penning of the Will, the real Estate cannot be sold until his Son, an Infant about Two Years of Age, comes at Age: And, the personal Estate being very insufficient ta pay the Debts, the Petitioners therefore pray Leave to bring in a Bill for selling the Farm of Net hereof, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said George Harrison, which are charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dolby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

A Petition of John Kelly was presented to the House, Victuallii and read; setting forth, That, at the Opening of this Impart Session of Parliament, the Petitioner gave to divers Members of this House an Abstract of several Articles against the Commissioners of the Victualling, in order to lay them before the House; but the said Commissioners, to prevent the Petitioners Discovery, and frighten such Evidence as might appear against them, have imprisoned the Petitioner in the Prison of the Tower Liberty, upon Two sham Actions; the Articles against them being of so high a Nature, that, upon Examination thereof, it w ill appear, that the Nation has been abominably cheated;

And praying the House to take the said Articles into Examination.

Ordwed, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hamond, Sir Tho. Davalf Mr. Vernon, Mr. Shallct, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hysham, Sir Owen Buckingham,

Mr. Hughes, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Blysse, Mr. Thursby,

Sir Jos. Tredenharn, Mr. Freke, Sir Wm. Cwiton, Mr. England, Mr. Ha) ly, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Mounst evens, Sir Godfrey Copley, Lord Chcnic, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Proby, Sir Cha. Bloys, Captain Clayton,

Mr* England, Mr. Freke, Sir Hen. Parker, Sir Hen.

Gough, Mr. Pye, Sir Jacob Banks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to have Powder to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Davers, according to Order, presented to Deal W, the House a Bill for the supplying the Town and Port of works-Deal with fresh Water: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Twelve Governors of the Heredita- Frauds ments and Goods of the Church of Crediton, alias Kirton, Workr in the County of Devon, their Assistants and Guardians, incorporated by virtue of an Act of Parliament made anu a in the 10th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals, Wrork-houses, and Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon; and for the better Relief of the Poor there; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there... many Hundreds of poor People in the said Parish employed in the Woollen Manufactures, some of which commit small Thefts, under the Value of 12d. and confess the same; who are thereupon committed to Prison, where they lie several Months, and their Families, during that time, are wholly maintained at the Charge of the Parish, and often return greater Thieves than before; and many are not prosecuted, for fear of bringing a greater Charge upon the toid Parish, so that they often proceed to commit greeter Crimes: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in

12 W. III. 2i° Februarii. 225

one of the Acts now passing for the better Employing of the Poor, or some other Act, to empower such Corporation, or any of their Courts, to call before them any poor Person of their Parish, that shall be accused to have committed Petit Larceny; and if they confess the same, that the Corporation may be impowered to order such poor Persons to be sent to their House of Correction, and there be publickly whipped for the said Offence, without being sent to the common Gaol.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work, is committed, have Power to receive a general Clause for punishing such Offenders by the Corporations erected, and to be erected, for the Employment of the Poor.

jfrants. Ordered, That Sir IVm. St. Quintin, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Henly, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent, is committed.

Esquire, in treating the Corporation of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, has been guilty of a Breach of the late Act of Parliament for preventing of Expences in Elections; and a new Writ issued for electing a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, in his room: Yet the said Mr. Sloan bath procured himself to be again returned, though the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess upon the said new Election, Mr. Sloan being incapacitated to sit in this House, as advised: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Saturday Morning next, when the Act against Expences in Elections is to be taken into Consideration;

And the said Mr. Sloan is to attend.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenhill have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for . Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa^ Absence* sions.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Petition of the Clergy of the County Palatine of Growth of tore, to supply the Loss of certain Indentures of Lease and Lancaster was presented to the House, and read; setting Popery. Release, heretofore made by Philip Holman Esquire, since forth, That it is manifest great Numbers of Popish Priests deceased, to Gorge Holman, his Son, now also deceased, openly appear in Companies in the most populous Towns was read a Second time. of the said County, and seduce whom they can from the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Chenie, Protestant Religion, and their Affection to the Govern- Mr. Mountstephensy Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hughes, Mr. ment: And praying, That some effectual Method may Dyot, Mr. England, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Price, Mr. be used to stop the Growth of Popery, and prevent the Thursby, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Cox, Mr. insolent Behaviour and Attempts of Popish Priests.

Hancock, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Robert Davers, Sir JVm. Ordo'ed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Drake, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Raynor, Mr. until the Report be made from the Committee appointed Shackerly, Mr. Blake, Sir John Rogers, Mr. Dormer, Sir to inquire how far the Laws against Popish Recusants Henry Seymour; and all that serve for the Counties of have been put in Execution; and to inspect and review Northampton and Oxon: And they are to meet this Af- the said Laws; and to report their Opinions upon the temoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers. same to the House; and also to propose what further

Remedies are necessary to suppress the Growth of Popery iteinct The House being acquainted, That the Committee of in these Kingdoms, and to strengthen the Protestant In-

m. Privileges and Elections had appointed the Matter, touch- terest.

ing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, to be heard upon the 6th Mr. How reported from the said Committee, That they Ditto.

Day of March next; by which Day several Witnesses, had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come who are at a great Distance, cannot be brought up to to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to attend the said Committee; report to the House; which he read in his Place; and

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the

by the said Committee, upon Friday the 15th Day of same were read; and are as follow; viz.

March next. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it does not appear to the Committee, That the A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Laws against Popish Recusants have generally been put Sir Lacon William Child; in Execution.

Mr. Speaker, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Gild's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for That a further Reward be given to such Persons as shall

to, settling the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of discover and convict Popish Priests or Jesuits.

Robert Merefeild John Merefeild Esquires, deceased; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and for ascertaining the Proportions between the Widow That it will be a further Remedy against the Growth of of the said Robert and his surviving Children: To which Popery, That perpetual Imprisonment be inflicted upon they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also, Popish Priests convict upon the Oath of One or more

vlEg The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Witnesses.

/ flour, for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encou- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee! raging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, without any That no Person born after the 25th of March 1700, Amendments. being a Papist, be capable of inheriting any Title of

And then the Messengers withdrew. Honour, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town 1 Sir Joseph Jekill reported from the Committee, to whom of Berwick upon Tweed.

Ration, the Bill to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Chestci' to recover and preserve the Navigation upon the That no Papist be capable of purchasing any Lands,

River Dee was committed, That they had made several Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of

Amendments to the Bill; which they directed him to England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and Tweed, either in his own Name, or in the Name of any

afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table. other Person in Trust for him.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consi- The First and Second Resolutions being severally read deration upon Saturday next, at Tw elve a Clock. a Second time; the same were, upon the Question seve-

rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Edmund Soame Esquire, was presented The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

tLa' to the House, and read; setting forth, That on the 26th An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

ot January last, this House resolved, That James Sloan adding, alter " Priests," " and Popish School-masters:"

Vol, 13. Minin And

Expiring

Laws.

Portsmouth

Garrison

Debts.

Army

Arrears.

Bone-lace.

226

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That it will be a further Remedy against the Growth of Popery, That perpetual Imprisonment be inflicted upon Popish Priests, and Popish School-inasters, convict upon the Oath of One or more Witnesses.

The Fourth and Fifth Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the said Committee do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mompesson reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider what Laws are expired, and near expiring, and fit to be continued; and who were to consider of the Law which injoins Carriers to go with double Shafts, and how far it may be explained, in regard the same is found impracticable; That the said Committee had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that Part of the Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto, which injoins all travelling Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, to be drawn with a Pole between the Wheel-horses, or with double Shafts, has been found impracticable in some Roads, and inconvenient in most Roads of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the House: And that they do consider how far it may be for the Benefit of the Roads to injoin Carriers to go with less Weight; and report their Opinion therein to the House: And that Sir Tho. Willoughby,*Mr. Varney, Mr. Willkins, Major Holmes, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of Portsmouth, as Mercers, Grocers, Taylors, Shoemakers, Brewers, Bakers, Butchers, Maltsters, Cheesemongers, Chandlers, and other Tradesmen, w^as presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have given Credit to the Gunners of Portsmouth Garison, from the First of April 1693, to the Second of December 1699; for which there is due to the Petitioners about 2,000 /. who contracted Debts for the same, and are daily threatened with Actions: That the Petitioners are informed there is due to the said Garison, for Arrears of Pay, the Sum of 3,412/.; And praying, That such speedy and effectual Means may be used for Payment of the Debt due to the said Garison, who are Debtors to the Petitioners, as shall be thought fit; whereby the Petitioners may receive their Debts justly due to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gunners of his Majesty's several Garisons of Dover Castle, Sctndgate Castle, Waimer Castle, Deal Castle, Sandomi Castle, Archcliff Fort, and Moats Bulwark, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Pay is but Six-pence a Day, one Half of which is in Arrear for Seven Years; which has brought them in Debt, and great Extremity; and are informed the Caqse of the said Arrear is, for that no particular Provision hath been made in any Act of Parliament for Payment thereof: And praying, That their Arrears may be taken into Consideration, and they relieved for the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating

A. 1699.

o the Bill to prevent the Importation of Bone-lace, is referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petitions and . Reports from the Seamen'i Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commission- Arrears, ers of the Navy; touching Q's and ll's, be taken into Consideration on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the erecting Judicati a Judicature to relieve poor Officers and Soldiers, touch- for^11 ing their Pay detained from them, and other Injuries ^dSo[ complained of, be taken into Consideration on Tuesday next.

Resolved That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Suppre ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Piracy-House, to consider of the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Meani Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyei's took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees for this Afternoon be Com adjourned.

Ordered, That all Committees be so revived, that they may sit Tomorrow* Morning at Ten a Clock, and for that Day only.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Sta neixt, resolve itself into aXommitteeof the whole House, Re' to consider of the State of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Sup ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I*1 House, to consider further of the Bill for the applying "jj all the forfeited Estates, and Interests, in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use' of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- Ei night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, th to consider further of the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of A Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the & Borough of Albrough, in the County of York, and touch- u ing the Election for the Borough of Corf Castle, in the County of Dorset, be made upon Friday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the I whole House, to whom the Bill for the more free and F impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, be " made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

2i° Februarii.

12 W. III. 21° — 26° F 7

Expels in Ordered, That the Act against Expences in Elections

Elections, taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight: c‘ And that Mr. Sloane do then attend in his Place: And that the Clerk of the Crown do then attend, with the Writ and Return for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk.

Avon Ordered, That Sir John Poole, Sir Henry Parker,

Navigation. Colonel Bierly, Mr. Palmer, Colonel Lutterell, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Mannaton\ Sir Fran. War, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarurn, more effectual, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 26° die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Passage A PETITION of Jane Dring, an Infant, was from Chan- T\. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, eery-lane to That the Bill depending in the House, for making a new Fiedf1 S*1Dn Passa8e from a°d out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln s-inn-Fields, if the same should pass, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners Inheritance of the Houses next adjoining to the said new intended Passage: And praying, to be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by her Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Assaying of Mr. Scobell, according to Order, presented to the

Plate. House a Bill for appointing Assay-masters for the

Assaying of Plate in the most considerable Cities and Towns within this Kingdom: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dnver The Lord Fab fax, according to Order, presented to Harbour. the House a Bill ior the Repair of Dover Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for supplying the Town and Port of Deal with Waterworks, fresh Water was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mcrefcild® An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the Settling of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments late of Robert Mcrefeild and John. Merefeild Esquires, deceased; and for ascertaining the Proportions between the Widow of the said Robert, and his surviving Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Chflfi Sir Thomas Willoughby, according to Order, presented hute. to the House a Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Josiah Child Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas Cook Knight: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Harrison's Mr. Dalby, according to Order, presented to the

htate. House a Bill for selling the Reversion of the Farm of

Nethercott, in the County of Oaon, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison Esquire, deceased: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Vo l. 13.

whom it was referred to inspect and settle the Fees of the Fees of Office^ of the House, be made upon Thursday next, in Officers of a full House. the Uouse*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Butler's to enable Henry Butler Esquire to make Leases of Part Estate, of his Estate in Lancashire, for Discharge of Incumbrances thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Neal Esquire was presented to Petition the House: fiSt*

And the same relating to Sir John Gerrard, a Mem- em r* ber of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir John Gerrard do attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning; and that the Petition be then read.

Ordered, That no Motion be made for any Member to Leave of have Leave to go out of Town, but when the Member, Absence-for whom Leave shall be asked, shall be in the House; except in the case of Sickness, to be affirmed by the Member that shall make such Motion.

A Bill for confirming a Lease granted by the City of Norwich Norwich to Richard Barry and George Sorocold; and ' aterwork,« another Deed between the said City, and Richard Soame, and the said George Sorocold; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Bideford, RoS8e Port* and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the shutting up the Port of Rosse in Ireland, from exporting Wool for England, has been of ill Consequence to the Wool Trade; and has given Opportunities to ill Persons of shipping it oft' so foreign Parts, under Pretence of carrying it to other Places to be entered; which seems the rather true, because there is not the Quantity imported this Year into England, as other Years since the War: And praying, That the said Port of Rosse maybe opened again, for exporting Wool from thence into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures exported is committed: And that they have Power to receive a Clause, according to the Purport of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent- Clandestin® ing and punishing unlawful and clandestine Trading be Trade-read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Ship Dolphin, of Poole, to trade as a free Ship, was read a Second time. 00 c ip<

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

‘ The Yeas go forth.

Tellm for tile Ye», 90.

TCWorteNo4"^' }.*

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to WesselFt enable Leonard Wessell Esquire, to sell the Manor of Estate. Acre feet, in the County of Essex, settled on his Marriage with Sarah his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure; laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Purchase of other Lands: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Qjd East for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants India Com-

of pan/-

Call of the House.

Leave of Absence.

Fleet Prison.

Members not to leave Town.

Answer to Address.

Resolution against Advisers of Answer.

Ways and Means.

228

of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gosse have Leave to go into the Country, for Ten Days, upon Extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyott have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon Extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to go into the Country, upon Extraordinary Occasions;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of George Hawse, Antony Church, and Francis Geaiy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to the Petitioners above 1,0001, to be paid out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the Fleet Prison, as may appear by the Judges Award, and several other Writings: And praying, That their said Debt may be inserted, with the rest of the Fleet Creditors, in the Bill depending in this House, for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do go out of Town until after Tomorrow Sevennight, when the House is ordered to be called over.

Mr. Speaker reported. That he having, with the House, attended his Majesty, on Wednesday last, with their Address of the 15th Instant, representing to his Majesty the Resolutions of this House of the 18th of January last, relating to the Grants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and that, to prevent any Mistake in reporting his Majesty's Answer thereupon, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read; and is as followeth; viz.

Gentlemen,

I was not only led by Inclination, but thought myself obliged in Justice, to reward those who had served well, and particularly in the Reduction of Ireland, out of the Estates forfeited to me by the Rebellion there.

The long War, in which we were engaged, did occasion great Taxes, and has left the Nation much in Debt; and the taking just and effectual Ways for lessening that Debt, and supporting publick Credit, is what, in my Opinion, will best contribute to the Honour, Interest, and Security, of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That whosoever advised his Majesty's Answer to the Address of this House, presented to his Majesty on Wednesday last, has used his utmost Endeavour to create a Misunderstanding and Jealousy betwixt the King and his People.

Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty belaid upon all Hops imported into Ireland, except such as are of the Growth of this Kingdom.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Duty be laid upon

A. 1699.

all Hops imported into Ireland\ except such as are of the Grow th of this Kingdom.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported, from Impartial the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament mem was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- state of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Revenue, to consider of the State of his Majesty's Revenue.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Half-pay. whom the Papers relating to Half-pay were referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 27° die Februarii;

129 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Pursers, in behalf of them- Pursersofthi selves, and the rest of the aggrieved Pursers of his Navy. Majesty's Navy Royal, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Pursers are the only Persons that give Security to the King for the true Performance of their Trust; yet they are often injured by the Commanders taking what Provisions they please, and converting them to their own Use; which that they may the easier do, they often take the Pursers Instruments, and employ them in their own Service; and when Pursers have modestly asked their Commanders how they should be salved, they have been abused, beaten, and confined to their Cabins; by which and many other unwarrantable Methods, the Pursers cannot escape running into the King's Debt, to their utter Ruin: And praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Kelly is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Coun- Sick and cil of the Town and Borough of Deale, in the County woundedSe of Kent, on behalf of the poor Nurses, and several other men* Inhabitants, of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to the said Nurses and Inhabitants, for entertaining sick and wounded Seamen, during the late War, the Sum of 3,612 /. 13$.; the Want of which is, or shortly will be, their Ruin: And praying, That Provision may be madq for Payment of the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.,

A Petition of the Sutlers of his Majesty's Fort and Sheerness* Garison of Sheerncssc, together with the Brewers, Garrison Bakers, Butchers, Maltsters, Meal men, Cheesemongers, Debu Chandlers, &c. w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have supplied the said Garison, with Provisions, from April 1693, to March 1699; for which there is due to the Petitioners 1,050/.; for want w hereof they are threatened to be sued: That the Petitioners are informed, there is in Arrear to the Qa-rUon, a Sum equivalent to the Petitioners Debt; And

praying,

26° — 27° ".

"CT

fleet Prison,

Crown Lands.

Jrobion'a,

it. Nat

CnloDT Of h$t Jersey.

12 W. III. 270 Februarii. 229

praying, That some speedy and effectual Means may be used for Payment of the said Garison, whereby the Petitioners may receive their Debts justly due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Eleanor Smith, Relict and Executrix of Francis Smith, Bookseller, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Bromhall did purchase the Fleet Prison; but, wanting Money to pay for it, prevailed with the said Francis, to be bound with him, for above 1,000l. and paid for him above 600l. of it in June 11178, by the sudden Death of Bromhall: That, about Seven Years ago, John Tilly Esquire, endeavouring to get an Act of Parliament for Sale of the Fleet; and finding that the Petitioner would oppose him; gave her a Bond for the Payment of 212/.; of which he has paid but 7/. and refuseth to pay the rest, saying, He is in his Castle, meaning the Fleet; and the Petitioner is not able to compel him to pay her by Law: And praying, That her Debt may be inserted in the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison; she having proved her Debt, before a Committee of this House, the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

to the Commissioners of the Customs; who, upon ful t Hearing of the Proprietors, allowed Amboy to be a Port in East Jersey; and appointed an Officer, with a Salary, to attend the Business of the said Port; Yet the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations refuse to allow the Petitioners a Port in East Jersey j and, disputing their Right to the said Government, have given Instructions to the Governor of Next/ York, to hinder and seize Ships going into East Jersey, which has accordingly been executed, notwithstanding the Petitioners have offered to surrender their Government of East Jersey to his Majesty, and to pay the same Customs for Goods imported thither, as are paid for the like Goods at New York: But the Commissioners for Trade decline to let the Petitioners, have any Port in East Jersey, though no other of his Majesty's Plantations are denied the same Privilege; which if taken away, the said Province will turn to a Wilderness, and thereby the Petitioners Purchases and Improvement be totally lost: And praying, That their Case may he taken into Consideration; and that the House would relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Jeremiah Basse Esquire, and John Lofting Merchant, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Fact to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Aldworth do lay before this House a Copy of his Memorial, of the 10th of March 1696; and that Mr. Tilson do lay before this House a Copy of his Memorial, of October last; relating to the Crown Lands.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, William Brown, and Sarah Haskenstilcs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto*

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee to Tythea of whom the Bill for continuing the Act for the better ascer- Hemp aIM^ ' taining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax was committed, Flax# 1 That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Province of East New Jersey in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1664, King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, granted to the Duke of York, his Heirs and Assigns, all that Tract of Land in America, which includes the Provinces now called New York, East Jersey and West Jersey, and all Rivers, Bays, Harbours, &c. belonging to the same: That the said Duke conveyed East and West Jersey to the Lord Berkeley, and Sir Geo. Carteret; w ho, in 1(381, for a valuable Consideration, conveyed East Jersey to the Petitioners, and others, their Heirs and Assigns: That in 1682, the said Duke confirmed the Petitioners Title to East Jersey, with all the Powers of Government, as fully as they were granted to him: And King Charles, by his Declaration, under the Great Seal of England, recognized the Petitioners Authority, commanding the Inhabitants to obey the Petitioners, as their lawful Governors: That the Petitioners have laid out great Sums of Money in settling Plantations at East Jersey, and by their Industry have laid the Foundations of a hopeful Colony there, which has, ever since its first Separation from New York, remained a distinct Province and Government; and had distinct Assemblies, and a Port called Amboy; but, upon unjust Complaints of some Inhabitants of New York, Attempts have been made to take away the Port of Amboy; and the Governors of New York have, by Force of Arms, boarded several Ships, and carried them out of Amboy to New York, to compel them to enter their Ships, and pay such Customs as were imposed by their Assemblies; though the Inhabitants of East Jersey are not subject to the Laws of New York, nor are any Customs payable for European Goods imported to East Jersey, or any other English Plantation, otherwise than by Laws made by the respective Assemblies of those Plantations: That the Petitioners, insisting on their Right, obtained from the Commissioners of the Treasury, Directions Vol. 13*

Ordered, That Lord Fairfax, Sir Christopher Hales, Sir Robinson'* Cha. Barrington, Sir William Glyn, be added to the Estate* Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting the Manor of Overhall, and other Lands, in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of Sir Tho. Robinson Baronet, under the Age of 21 Years, in Trustees, for raising 7,000l. for the Portion of Anne Robinson, his only Sister, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Woollen ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. Manufac-House, to consider of the Bill for taking away the Duties tures' upon Woollen Manufactures exported.

Mr. How, according to Order, presented to the Growth of House a Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery. Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Estates givea better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given suPe/sti-

' w tmiiQ 1 jeotf

to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privily Sherwood and Mr. Callow, Attornies and Agents for Thomas Underhill, had served Tho. Durham, Tenant to Sir Henry Parker Baronet, a Member of this House, with a Rule of Court of Kings Bench, upon a Writ of Error, for the certifying a Record of a Judgment obtained by one Underhill against the said Tho. Durham, in order to get the Possession of the Estate of the said Sir Hemy Parker from his said Tenant; and also that the said Durham had since been arrested for the mean Profits of the said Estate, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of N n n Privileges

a36 2 7° Februarii. A. 1699.

Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Privilege — i A Complaint was made to the House of a printed L^beUwie Paper, one of which was presented to the House, and ica <» rea(j aj Table} subscribed by Edward Stephens, containing high Reflections upon the Honour of this House in general; and, in particular, upon Mr. John Haw, a Member thereof;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Paper is a false and scandalous Libel.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prosecute the said Edward Stephens, for the said false and scandalous Libel.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire after the Printer of the said false and scandalous Libel; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Mr. Bro-therton, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hysham, Lord Colonel Palmer,

Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir John Garrard, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edw. Emley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hayes, Mr. How, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Drake: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wallop's A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins, Estate. and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of the Inheritance of the Twelfth Part of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of Bluet Wallop Esquire, during his Minority; and to purchase other Lands with the Money to be raised by such Sale, to be settled to the same Uses as the Twelfth Part was so settled; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Privilege in Sir John Garrard attending in his Place, according to a Suit. Order;

The Petition relating to him was read; setting forth, That Thomas Neal Esquire, the Petitioner's late Father, deceased, upon the Marriage with Dame Eliz. Gould, the Petitioner's Mother, deceased, did make the said Sir John Garrard, the Petitioner's Uncle, and Brother to the Lady Gould, Trustee in several Deeds, Grants, and Conveyances, for the Benefit of the said Lady and her Children, whereof the Petitioner is the only one living; and particularly in a Patent of his Majesty's Office of Groom Porter, in Trust for the Petitioner, during his Life; which his Father purchased for several Thousand Pounds Consideration, and devised the same to him by his last Will: Yet Sir John Garrard hath opposed the Petitioner's being sworn into the said Office, pretending a Property therein for himself, and refuses to give the Petitioner an Account of the said Trusts, insisting on his Privilege as a Member of this House: And praying, That Sir John Garrard may wave his Privilege, he being only a Trustee; whereby the Petitioner may have the Benefit of the Law against him.

To which the said Sir John Garrard was heard in his Place.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Judicature Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to for Relief of whom the Bill for erecting a Judicature, to relieve poor soldiers.and officers anfl Soldiers, touching their Pay detained from them, and other Injuries complained of, "was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next. 0

Ordered, 1 iiat the Report from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating Bone-lace, to the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace^ be made Tomorrow Morning, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, is taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent- clandestine ing and punishing unlawful and clandestine Trading be Trade* read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Suppressing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Piracy. House, to consider of the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been State of the presented to the House from the Commissioners of Ex- Revenue, cise, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of his Majesty's Revenue.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had spent some time in the Consideration of the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

The House being informed, That a Crowd of People Riotous are got together, in a tumultuous and riotous Manner, Crowd about in the Palace-yard, Westmmster-hall, and Passages to th*House* this House;

Ordered, That the Justices of the Peace of Middlesex, and Westminster do go forthwith, and disperse the said riotous Crowd.

Ordered, That the Justices of the Peace of the City of Westminster do immediately attend this House, and bring the Constables with them.

The House being informed, That the Justices of Peace of the City of Westminster attended;

They were called in: And, at the Bar, Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, acquainted them with the said tumultuous Riot; and that the House did expect, that they should go immediately, and disperse the same; and give the House an Account what they did therein; and that they do commit such as they found most active in the said Riot, and take care to prevent any such Riots for the time to come.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the inciting and encouraging any Number of Persons to come in a riotous, tumultuous, or disorderly Manner, to this House, in order either to hinder or promote the passing any Bill, or other Matters depending before the House, being against the Constitution and Freedom of Parliaments, is a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

The House being informed, That one J. Dennis, hath incited the Seamen and Seamen's Wives to come in a riotous Manner to this House;

Ordered, That the said J, Dennis be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House being informed, That the Justices of Peace for the City of Westminster attended;

They were called in; and at the Bar, gave the House an Account, That they had taken care to disperse the said riotous Tumult

And then they withdrew.

The House being informed, That one James Gardner, had uttered very insolent Words, inciting the said Tumult against the Members of this House; and was seized by some of the said Justices Officers near the House;

Ordered, That the said James Gardner be sent for Ly the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, together with Mr. Braddon, who heard him utter the said Words.

And

>9-

ting ace,

t>m Bill -

eat

Climb. ‘je Tnk

* Supprt®. e Ptraff. % State of Revenue.

1 Stit? of i fieveua, Committees.

Copper Coinage.

12 W. III.

27° — 28° Februarii.

231

And the House being informed, That they were brought accordingly;

They were brought to the Bar; and examined concerning the said Words.

And then withdrew.

It appearing to this House, That James Gardner hath incited the Rabble against the Members of this House, in Violation of the Rights and Constitutions of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said James Gardner be committed Prisoner to the Gatehouse for the said Offence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of his Majesty's Revenue.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Middlesex, London, and Surry, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain

House a Bill to prevent the Sale, within this Kingdom, Fish taken

of Fish taken by Foreigners in foreign Vessels: And the Foreigners.

same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Scobell reported, from the Committee, to whom Clobery's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E#tate* for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of John Clo-bery Esquire, deceased; and for raising Portions and Maintenance for his Children; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Carter reported, from the Committee, to whom Cattle Mar-the Petition oiS'iv Nathanael Curson Baronet was referred, kets ia tlje

the Coining any more Halfpence or Farthings is com- the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his tlaymarket.

__1 0 J r 0 . a 1 r*\__i'.'T'

Avon

Navigation*

»frd

roitted.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Parker, Sir Edmund Bacon, Doctor Davenant, Mr. Mannaton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Act, for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum, more effectual, is committed.

Stamen's

Arrears.

A Person to be prosecuted

Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, on the 13th of June, in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, a Writ of Ad quod damnum issued, to inquire whether it would be Ad nocu-mentum of any Market or Person, if there should be ft Market for live Cattle granted, to be held in the Hay-market, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, on Mondays and Wednesdays in

Ordered, That the Petitions and Reports from the

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commission- every Week: Whereupon a Jury returned, That it would

ers of the Navy, touching the Q's and It's, be taken into not be ad nocumentum of any Market or Person, if such

Consideration upon Saturday Morning next. Grant were made: And, thereupon,

King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, bear-

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Soli- ing Date the 21st of November, in the 15th Year of his

citor General do effectually prosecute the said James Reign, did grant to John Harvey and John Coell Esquires,

tto RiotT* Gardner for his said Offence. and their Heirs and Assigns, Two such Markets for live

° , ' , ... , Cattle, to be held on Mondays and Wednesdays, as afore*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow J

Morning, Eight a Clock. That the late King James the Second, by his Letters

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- Patents, bearing Date 25th of September, in the Second

Year of his Reign; reciting the former, and that it was only in Trust for the Earl of St. Albans, deceased, whose Right w as vested in Henry Earl of; and that the Ilaymarket was become inconvenient for holding the said Markets; granted unto the said John Coell, then Sir Coell, John Harvey being dead, That he, his Heirs and Assigns, might hold the said Two Markets in Great

( Mercurii, 28* die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Conmittees. RDERE D, That all Committees, who shall sit in

' a Morning, do arise when the House sits; or, in Default thereof, that what they shall do alter the Sitting Brookfield, in the said Parish of St. Martina, upon the

Childe's

Estate.

of the House be void.

A Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Josiah Childe Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by the said Josiah Childe, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas Cooke Knight, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lark

Navigation.

Days aforesaid, in every Week, for ever, in Trust for the said Earl of Dover:

That the said King James, by other his Letters Patents, made the 20th July, in the Fourth Year of his Reign; reciting the aforesaid Letters Patents, and that the Days thereby appointed for holding the said Market were inconvenient; did grant unto the said Sir John Coell, his Heirs and Assigns, That, in lieu of the said Markets to be held on Mondays and Wednesdays, they might hold the same on Tuesdays and Thursdays, upon Mr. Hervey reported from the Committee, to whom Great Broohfeld aforesaid, for ever; and further did the Bill lor making the River Lark, alias Burne, navi- grant, That Sir John Coell, his Heirs and Assigns, might gable, was committed, That they had made several keep a Fair there, for buying and selling all mauner of Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him Goods and Merchandizes, to commence on the First Day to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and of May yearly, and to continue for 15 Days after, for afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ever, in Trust for the said Earl of

Newcastle under Line Election.

same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lazeton have Leave to withdraw his Petition touching the F.lection for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford.

Mr. Brewer', according to Order, presented to VOL. 13.

the

That by several Assignments from the said Earl of Dover's Trustees, and lastly from the Petitioner Mr. Kent, by Indenture dated the 5th of July 1699, the Freehold' and Inheritance of the said Markets and Fair became vested in Sir Nath. Curson, and his Heirs, for the Consideration of 23,344 /. subject to an Equity of Redemption at any time within Ten Years.

That the Patentees, and their Assigns, quietly enjoyed the said Markets from the Time they were granted until the 13th of February last, w hen the City of London sued out a Scire facias, which is now depending, to repeal the aforesaid Grants, by virtue of a Charter granted to the

City

-Cattle Markets in the Haymarket.

233 28 Februar . 1699.

City of London by King Edward the Third, in Parliament, in the First Year of his Reign; wherein there is a Clause, That Ho Market should from thenceforth be granted infra septem leucas in circuitu civitatis pr(edict.:

That Sir Nath. Curson, and those under whom he claims, have been at great Charges in Building, Paving, and making other Conveniences, for the said Markets: And the Petitioners alleged, That the Suppression thereof will be a great Inconvenience to the neighbouring Villages, and all Inhabitants near the same.

To prove which, John Allen, Butcher, of Westminster, £aid, That he bought and sold Cattle and Sheep at the Hay market, on Mondays md Wednesdays, about 30 Years ago; and that, for 12 Years past, he and his Sons have bought Cattle on Tuesdays and Thursdays at Brookfield Market, which is made very convenient, at the Ciiarge of several Thousand Pounds; and if the same should be put down, it will ruin Thousands of People; who are supplied with Provisions from thence; and particularly the People of Southwark, Lambeth, Wandsor, Putney, Fulham, Chelsey, Westminster, and all Parts lying westward of London:

That Brookfield Market is also convenient for all Cattle coming out of the West of England, by reason they heed not be driven on the Stones to Smithfield Market; which oftentimes occasions the Flesh to be heated, and then it soon taints.

Peter Wych and Richard Steel, Butchers, of Newport Market, confirmed what Allen said in relation to Brookfield Market, for Six or Seven Years past.

Nozvel Kellet, of Westminster, Butcher, and Richard Steer, said, That they knew Cattle sold in the Hay market, about 35 or 40 Years ago, in Inns, being then few in Number; but the said Market being since removed to Brookfield, it is very much increased, and is a greater Conve-niency for the Butchers, near that End of the Town, to buy Cattle there, than at Smithfield; because driving them on the Stones from Smithfield often lames them, and many times they are frighted, and over-heat themselves, so that they must be immediately killed on a Friday, whilst the Flesh is hot, for Saturdays Market; and then the Flesh will not take Salt; whereby they have many times disobliged their Customers: And Steel said, He believed there are or 500 Sheep and Lambs, and about 200 Oxen, brought to Brookfield on a Market-day.

John Allen said, He would rather give Ten Shillings more for a Bullock bought at Broolfield Market, than he would for a Bullock of the same Value, bought at Smithfield; because they can buy on Thursdays at Brookfield, and kill the next Day, when the Flesh is cool; but if he buys at Smithfield, the Market is on Friday, and must kill the same Day, whatever Accident happens, or lose Saturdays Market

That there is not Room enough at Smithfield to hold the Cattle brought to Town in a Midsummer Quarter; for which Reason, there is as many, or more, bought at Islington, Newington, Paddington, Mile-End, and other Places about London, as are sold at Smithfield; and knows that one Holland, at Islington, sold 2,500 Sheep at one time, because there was not Room enough for them at Smithfield Market.

Charles Bettie, of Newport Market, Butcher, said, That, within these Four or Five Years, he has seen several Droves of Cattle driven from Smithfield to Knights-bridge, for want of Room at Smithfield, the Pens being all full.

John Allen said, That, for 12 Years past, he has seen Beasts, Sheep, and Lambs, driven from Smithfield for want of Room; and has observed Ten Droves at a time 60 driven away from Smithfield.

All the Witnesses agree, That Brookfield Market is very convenient for that End of the Town: And it was insisted, That the publick Good ought to be considered by the Legislative Power, who, upon all Occasions, have altered the Law as Occasion required; and the Establishment of Brookfield Market cannot so prejudice Smithfield Market,

as to reduce the Tolls and Rents to less than what they were at the time of the Grant to the City, the City and Suburbs being now as big again as they were then.

That, upon the Petition of the City of London, also referred to the said Committee, the Matter is as followeth; viz.

That King Edward the Third, in the First Year of his Reign, by Charter in Parliament, granted to the City of London, That no Market should be granted from thenceforth, within Seven Miles of the said City; which Char* ter was confirmed by Act of Parliament, reciting the same, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second:

That till the Year 1636, no Market for live Cattle was attempted since the said Charter; but then one Dor-rell, and the Inhabitants of St. Giles s Parish, endeavoured to set up one near Hyde Park; and the City being heard thereupon at the Council Board, a Stop was put thereto, their Lordships declaring, That a Market there would be inconvenient and unfit, and contrary to the said Grants in Parliament:

That, about the 15th Car. 2di, the Grant to John Harvey and John Coell Esquires, was procured for Two Markets weekly, in the Hay market, as in the Petition of Sir Nath. Curson is alleged: But the Place being inconvenient, and but little used, the City did not oppose it: That afterwards some Persons endeavoured to obtain a Patent for erecting Tw o Markets in Conduit Mead, behind Albemarle House, in lieu of those at the Haymarket \ but the City, being informed thereof, entered a Caveat against the said intended Patent; and in March 1683, Sir John Coell, who was interested therein, petitioned the Council Board, That the Suspension might be taken off: But, upon hearing both Parties, on the Fourth of April 1683, the Suspension was continued, and the Patent stopped:

That soon after a Quo warranto was brought against the City; and, by Judgment thereon, they were dissolved, and their Liberties seized; and then, viz. in the Second and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late King James the Second, the Lord Dover obtained Tw o Grants, theoue for removing the said Markets from the Haymarket to Great Brookfield, and the other for changing the Days as in the Petition of Sir Nath. Curson, non obstante, that no Writ of Ad quod damnum had been executed or returned: That when the City Charter and Liberties were restored by the present Government, the City petitioned his now Majesty to be relieved against the said Grants; who ordered Sir Edward Ward, the then Attorney General, to examine and report the Fact:

And, at the Hearing before the said Attorney Gene-neral. Dr. Barbon appeared, and was heard; who claimed an Interest in the said Grants, and desired to try the Validity thereof by Law:

That on the 11th of April 1695, the said Attorney General made his Report to the King and Council; and was of Opinion, That the King might permit the City to bring a Scire facias, in his Majesty's Name, in order to try the Validity and Legality of the said Grants to Sir John Coell; which his Majesty was pleased in Council to order accordingly, as appeared by the Report:

That in 1695, the City sued out a Scire facias against the Heir of Sir John Coell; and Doctor Barbon, being then a Member of Parliament, insisting on his Privilege, put a Stop to any further Proceedings thereon during his Life; but after his Death another Scire facias was sued out against the Heir of Sir John Coell; and then an Appearance was*obtained ;' and the Defendants excepted to the Scire facias: On arguing whereof before the Lord Chancellor, the Exceptions were over-ruled, and the Defendants ordered to plead, which they did in Abatement, the last Term; because no Person is returned Tenant to the Market; and so the Matter depends in Chancery undetermined.

It was insisted, That Brookfield Market would much prejudice Smithfield Market, by lessening the Tolls there, and

will

12. W. III. .28° Februarii. ,233

will bring to decay St- Bartholomew's Hospital, whose Revenue chiefly ariseth out of the Rents and Fines of Houses adjacent to Smithfield.

It was also insisted, That there is a particular Act of Parliament, made in the 22d and 23d Years of King Charles the Second, for the preventing Frauds in the Buying and Selling Cattle in Smithfield, and for seizing such as shall be once bought there, and brought thither again to be sold; which will not extend to Brookfield Markets. And,

To prove that there is Room enough at Smithfield Market to receive all Sorts of live Cattle, to supply the City and Suburbs;

Mr. Wright, the King's Purveyor, and John Preston, Graziers, said, That there is Room enough at Smithfield for all the live Cattle that are brought to Town; and, as a Reason, said, That there w ere Three Market-days every Week, viz. Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays; and that Wednesday was omitted for want of Cattle, Two Market days being sufficient to supply the Occasions of the Town: That they have bought and sold Cattle and Sheep there these 30 Years, and never knew that any were drove back for want of Room, but sometimes to keep them for next Market-day, in Hopes of a better Price, when the Market has been low; but the Rounds in Smithfield, which will hold Thousands of Sheep, are not made Use of, though they might, if streigbtened for Room:

That they have bought Sheep at Islington on Thursdays, and sold them again at Smithfield on Fridays, for about 12 Years past; and others have done so long before; and often buy Sheep at Islington, not for want of Room at Smithfield, but to throw them into the Marshes to supply the Town in Winter; and for that, if they should be brought to Smithfield, they would be dirty, and 12 d. apiece worse than when bought clean.

Mr. Wright also said, That SmitMeld is big enough to hold all the live Cattle sold in the City and Suburbs, and

Seven Miles about; but not for all the Flesh Provisions Cattle expended within that Compass, if brought to Town alive; ^arkctB much whereof is brought to Town killed, and so sold in the several Markets of London, and the Suburbs; and much killed and sold in the Villages round about, that never came to Town.

JVHUam Cookson, Edward Yardley, John Buckston,

Salesmen, said. There was always Room enough at Smithfield for all the Cattle and Sheep brought thither; and that, for 30 or 40 Years past, they never heard any body complain for want of Room, the Market never being so full but that it would hold more; and if the Cattle sold at Islington, and other Places, were brought to Smithfield, there would be Room enough for them: And Cookson said, That he knows not of any Cattle sold any where but in the Market; but it would be better for the Butchers, and all Persons, to have all Cattle sold at Smithfield; from whence they may, with Care, drive their Cattle to this End of the Town without Damage; but sometimes a Bullock will be frighted and overheated, do what they can.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken in Consideration upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

Mr. Godolphin, from the Commissioners of the Cus- Corn, See. toms, presented to the House, pursuant to the Act of the exported. Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, an Account of all Corn and Grain* exported from the Port of London, and also from the Out Ports.

And also, pursuant to the Act of the Tenth Year of Naval Stores his Majesty s Reign, for enlarging the Trade to Russia, imP°rted. an Account of Naval Stores imported.

And the Titles thereof were read: And the said Account of Com and Grain exported are hereunto an* nexed.

VOL. 13.

Oeo ft*

The aforesaid ACCOUNT of all Corn and Grain, exported from the Port of London.

Wheat. Pease. Beans. Oats. Malt. Meal. Wheatmeal. Oatmeal. Flour. Bread.. Biscuit Starch*

Hudsons Bay - - 8 Quarters 6l Bushels 8 Quarters 3,200 lb. i 1 a Bushels and 1 ! 2,116 lb. Cwt. > Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. 5 — — Cwt. qr. lb.

Newfoundland - - - C19 Quarters £ 3 Bushels,) - - - - 5 7 Quarters - - - - 49 Bushels 250 - - 35,784 — —

Cape Coast in Africa 10 ——

143 at

30 3 0

Virginea - - - - 174 Quarters 2 Bushels 12 — — 12 0

Maryland - - - - 348 Quarters 28 Bushels — —

27 i Quarters 93 0 0

Barbadoes - - - - 7 Quarters 46Quarters4Bushels 2 Quarters - - " " 9 Bushels 23 Bushels 2 Bushels 14 18 37 - 64 2 19;

13 3 0

8 Bushels 7 3 0

Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Bush. Qrs. Qrs. lb. Bush. Bust). Qrs. Bush. lb. Ct Qr. lb, . Ct. Qrs. Ct. qrs. lb.

8 34 46 2 587 3,200 9 108 29 2 2,1 if 264 1 l? (383 3 354 3 t2

Exported from the Out Ports.

Cha. Crisp, Collector*

Ports Names. Bristol - -

Exeter -

Barnstable - -

Poole - -

Dartmouth - -

Plymouth - -Portsmouth - -Biddeford -

Z/tfw? /ftgw - -

Wheat.

Bushels

93

93

Flour.

Bushels

j,oi6

140

21

20

134

1,332

Bread and Biscuit.

Ct.

773

1,616

38.5

73

351

80

14

188

3,480

Qrs.

3

o

o

o

lb.

9

o

4

o

o o

o o

o 0

o o

13

Malt.

Bushels

111

296

81

1,032*

186

287

1,984*

Beaus.

Bushels

500

500

Pease.

Bushels

634. 1,561 172*

80

464

2,911*

Oats.

Bushels

16

Ct qrs. lb. 1610

16

Meal.

Oatmeal.

16 1 0

Bushels.

2911

19

24

67*

36

438

Starch.

Ct. Qrs. lb. 23 1 o

23 1 0

Extracted from the Letters of the Collectors of the several Out Ports, remaining in the Secretary's Office.

Custom-house,

16 February 1699.

Tho. E

12 W. III.

8° Februarit.

335

c. qrs. lb.

- - - - 488 1 0

- - - - 1,046 3 7

- - - - 27,847 2 17

- - - 110 2 0

- - - - 136 2 0

- - -: 5 1 0

- - - - - 6 0 0

- - - - 35 0 0

- - - 1 i 3 0

- - - 25 3 0

- - - - - 2 3 9

- - - - - 4 0 0

- - - 2 0 6

- - - - 11 1 22

- - - - 308 3 0

- - - - 26l 2 7

- - - - - 7 2 0

- - - - 7 0 0

- - - - 10 1 0

- - - - 62 3 20

The said Account of Naval Stores imported from the Naive, Archangel, Revell, &c. in Russia, in the Port of London, from the 25th Day of March 1699, to the 7th Day of February following; viz.

Tallow -Cordage Rough Hemp Tarred Ropes -Rosin -Hogshead Staves Pipe Staves -Barrel Staves -Cable Yarn Hand Spikes -Small Spears -Middle Baulks Small Baulks -Boon Sparrs -Iron

Deals ordinary D° Short D° Long D# Spruce -Clapboards

Pitch and Tarr - 48 \ Lasts.

Great Masts - - 135 Middle Masts - 30 Small Masts - - 19

Wooden Platters 7 Shock.

Timber 40 Load 46 Foot.

Oaken Plank 31 Load 39 Foot

Per Chr. Towers, pro Collector inwards, in the Port of London.

Port of Hull, and Members.

A11 Account of all Naval Stores imported into the said Port, and Members, by any Persons trading to Russia.

From the 25th March 1699, to 24th June 99.

Nil.

From the 24 June 1699, to the 29}

September 99, Samuel Silkworth in the > 2 Small Masts. Phienid', Master, from the Naive *)

Cut.

26 August 1699, Robert F in) f Q,

the same Ship 0

Hugh Mason, Collector pro Customer. Geo. St. Quintin, pro Comptroller.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

A Petition of Baldwyn Leighton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in 1689, the Petitioner, being informed of the great Abuses committed in the Fleet Prison, whereby the Publick suffered ' extremely, applied himself to his Majesty, in order to redress the same; who ordered the Petitioner to take out a Commission under the Great Seal, to inquire into the said Grievances: Which be accordingly did; executed it at his own Cost; and thereupon, by Inquisition taken in March 1689, the then Warden was found guilty of several Extortions, wilful Escapes, and other Oppressions; whereby the Office was forfeited to his Majesty in Fee, who granted the same to the Petitioner; which Grant passed the Privy Seal, but was stopt at the Great Seal, by a Caveat entered there; and the Matter was contested several Years, before the King and Council, the House of Lords, and this House; but by the Craft of the

Fleet Officers, the said Inquisition was quashed :-

That in May % 1698, the Petitioner sued another Inquisition out of the Chancery; and thereupon, in August following, the present Warden, IVm. Ford Esquire, was found guilty of many Misdemeanors, and thereby the Office was forfeited to Iris Majesty; to which Inquisition Mr Ford has pleaded, and traversed the Facts; to which the Attorney General hath replied, and joined Issue; and.

Vol. 13.

the Cause is set down to be tried at the King's Bench Bar, upon the 24th of April next: But there being a Bill in the House, for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, he is thereby like to lose all Benefit of his Trouble and Charge, unless relieved by this House: And praying the House to take his Case into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Martha Johnson Widow, Tlio. Johnson, Fleet Prison. John Johnson, and Frances Micclethwaite, Creditors of the Estate of the Fleet Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Clause in a late Act of Parliament, for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes, and for preventing Abuses in Prisons,

&c. the Petitioners Right and Title to several Houses and Shops, belonging to the Fleet Prison, is saved; but by a Bill depending in this House, for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, as the same is worded, the Petitioners are in Danger of losing the Benefit of the said former Clause:

And praying that they may be heard in relation to the said Bill, for saving their Rights.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of William Green, of the City of IV^st minster, Proceedings Brewer, was presented to the House and read; setting on Excise forth, That by an Information of the 9th of January LaW8*

1699, exhibited before the Commissioners of Excise, the Petitioner was accused of having Two Holes in Two Tuns contrary to Law; which information was tried the 22d Instant, since the Day on which the Petition of the Brewers Company was received by the House, on the Evidence of One single Witness, an Excise Officer, against the Petitioner, who had 12 Witnesses, Seven being Officers of Excise, at the said Hearing; only Two of which were heard by the Commissioners; they saying, that the Petitioners Counsel need not call any more, for that they were satisfied the Petitioner was not guilty; notwithstanding which, the said Commissioners have since privately given and entered a Judgment against the Petitioner for 200 L; and the Petitioner, upon his Appeal, is deprived of the Use of any other Evidence, than what were sworn and examined by the said Commissioners, as the Law of Excise now stands: And praying the Consideration of the House, that lie may have such Relief as his Case requires.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, S\r Chr. Musgrave,

Mr. Givyn, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Palmes Mr. Winington,

Mr. Brothcrton, Mr. Cook, Mr. Stringer, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Bridges, Sir Phil.

Botcler, Mr. Machell, Colonel Lee, Sir James IIoubton,

Mr. Mount$tevens. Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Worsley,

Mr. Blofield, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Poultncy, Mr. York,

Mr. Beak, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Hysham, Lord Paxclct, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Stonehouse, Sir IVm. Con per, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Lowtlier,

Mr. Aysgill, Mr. Mouniague, Sir Waller Yonge, Mr.

Boscau en, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Blysse,

Sir Edzv. Hussey, Mr. Harley, Colonef Bier/y, Sir Tho.

Davall, Colonel Granville, Mr. Foley, Mr. Randally Mr. Yates, Sir John Packington: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to Supply Bill; the House a Bill to resume the Grants of all Lands, and Resumption other Revenues, of the Crown, since the 6th Day ofof Grants* February 1684, and applying the same to the Use of the

Publick:

Union with Scotland.

Vexatious Suits in Wales.

IIop wood s

Carriage

Settlement.

Viliers*

Estate.

Union with Scotland — Recommendation from Lords.

Commissions of the Peace.

Union with Scotland.

Growth of Popery.

236 28° — ao° Februarii. 1699.

Publick: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Racked\ That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Necill and Mr. Justice Turton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Rill, intituled, An Act for authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of E?ig-land to treat with Commissioners of Scotland\ for the Weal of both Kingdoms: 'To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And that the Lords do recommend the said Bill to the Consideration of the House, as a Bill of great Consequence.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Hclford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Hopwcod Gentleman, and Eizabeth his Wife, in order to raise Portious for younger Children, and to pay Debts, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerald ViUers; and Raising of Money, for Pa\ ment of Debts, and better securing the Portion of her Five younger Children by Edward Fitzgerald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Precedents, whether there have been heretofor e such Messages of Recommendations of Bills as came from the Lords with the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Musgrove, Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. diamond. Sir Jos. Jchill, Sir Rich Cocks, Mr. Fenwn, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Hoice, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Harley, Colonel Bierly, Sir JFa, Yonge, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Pouliney, Mr. Moor, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Clark, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Carter, Colonel Granville, Mr. Mountague, Sir Bry. Stapleton, Mr. Boyle; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Commissions of the Peace, and Commissions to Deputy Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England to treat with the Commissioners of Scotland for the Weal of both Kingdoms, be read upon Tuesday Morning next, before the House be called over.

A Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery and strengthening the Protestant Religion, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to hinder any Popish Priest, that shall come into this Kingdom after" a certain Day, that shall be convicted, from being pardoned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Bi next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^Uj Tj* to consider further of the Bill for the applying all the po, fejture forfeited Estates and Interests in Inland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Impartia whole House, to whom the Bill for the more free andim-partial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, be^enJia taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bone-lac whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating to the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace, be made upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent- Clandes ing and punishing unlawful and clandestine Trading be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a state of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Revenm State of his Majesty's Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Pa*sai the more speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to LincolnsJnnjiclds, and Places L^coj adjacent, is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow inn-fic Morning.

Oi'dered, That Sir William Blacket, Sir Edicard Hun- Expir gerford, Lord Cornbury, Mr Asgi/l, Mr. Blofield\ Sir Laws Robert Edon, Mr. Machel, Mr. Fane, Mr. White, Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Worsley, Mr.

Carr, Mr. Jennings, be added to the Committee appointed to consider what Laws are expired, and near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Com

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 29° die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Wool-combers, Serge-weavers, \ylX and other poor Inhabitants, of the Town of Taunton, nufa and Parts adjacent, wras presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the Decay of Trade, being reduced to a starving Conditition for want of Employment, although they know not the Causes: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine what has been done upon the former Laws against the Exportation;

12 W. III. 290 Februarii. 237

tation of Wool, and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures.

Army . A Petition of William Elkinson, Master Gunner, James Arrears. Fowles, and Charles White, Gunners, belonging to his

f Majesty's Castles and Platforms at Dartmouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is near Seven Years Arrears due to them, which has reduced them to great Streights, and their Creditors Patience is quite worn out: And praying, That they may be relieved for their Arrears.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Master Gunners, and other the Gunners, of his Majesty's Garisons, the Royal Citadel, and St. Nicholas Island, of Plimouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners ' have faithfully served in their said Station, for above Ten

Years, and are still resolved so to do; although there is 19 Arrear due to them ever since the last Day of March 1693, which has brought them to very low Circumstances; And praying the Consideration of the House, so as they may be paid their said Arrears.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westminster Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and establishing a

kail Debts. Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ms An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act but. to enable Leonard Wessel Esquire to sell the Manor of Acres-Fleet, in the County of Essex, settled on his Marriage with Sarah his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure, laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hett Prison. A Petition of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Bill depending in this !*:l House, for paying off the Incumbrances on the Fleet Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, the Pri-V. soners being in the said Prison, upon the 25th of March 1700, shall be delivered over to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, to be safely kept in the County Gaol: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, what they have to offer against such Part of the Bill as relates to the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to w\hom the said Bill is committed.

kbinien's The Earl of Disert reported from the Committee, to htite* whom the Bill for vesting the Manor of Overbad, and other Lands, in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, in Trustees, for the raising 7,000l. for the Portion of Anne Robinson, his only Sister; and for the vesting the Lands, and personal Estate, of the said Anne, in the said Sir Thomas, in lieu thereof; was committed; That they had, examined the Allegations of the said Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill;. which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dtai Water* A Bill for supplying the Town and Port of Deal with ,#fh fresh Water was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the> Bill be committed to Sir Robert Da* Vo L. 13.

vers, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Pye, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bosca-wen, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Brewer, Sir Cha. Blays, Sir James Oxenden, Mr. Hysham, Mr. England, Sir Basil Dixwell,

Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Brotherton, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Bright, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Cooke,

Sir Cha. Shuckborough, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Duke,

Mr. Rayner, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Scobell, Lord Downes, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Bridgman, Lord Com-bury, Mr. Morgan; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And thdy are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill to enable Justices of Peace to repair the Gaols County in their respective Counties was read a Second time. Oaols.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That, where the Prisons of Counties at large are situate on Lands belonging to the Crown, the same shall not be granted or alienated from the Crown, or the Service of the said Counties.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to make the said Law temporary.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tilson attended, Crown according to Order; Lands.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Copy of a Memorial, presented to the Lords of the Treasury Christopher Tilson, relating to the Receivers Accounts of the Land Revenue belonging to the Crown.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Memorial was read.

And the said Memorial is as followeth; viz.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

His Majesty, by his Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Date the 28th Day of February last past, having required your Lordships, amongst other Things, to call all the Receivers of the Land Revenue to make up and pass their Accounts to Michaelmas 1698; and I being nominated, by the same Letters of Privy Seal, to be the Receiver of the Debts and Arrears that shall be depending insuper, or otherwise, upon the Foot of such Accounts, do think it my duty humbly to lay before your Lordships the Pro* ceedings which have been made thereupon.

First, Your Lordships were pleased, by your Warrant, bearing Date the 24th. Day of March 1698, strictly to charge and require the respective Auditors of the said Land Revenue to call every the said Receivers to make up and pass their said Accounts; and to certify your Lordships, if any Failure or Neglect should be made by them, or any of them, in the Performance thereof: And, by the same Warrant, the said Auditors were required to to transmit Abstracts to your Lordships of the last declared Accounts of the said Revenues remaining with them respectively.

That some of the said Auditors have accordingly transmitted Abstracts of the last declared Accounts to your Lordships; but very few, or none, of the said Receivers, as I find, upon Inquiry, the Receivers of the Duchy of Cornwall excepted, do prosecute or attend the passing of their said Accounts; nor have the said Auditors certified to your Lordships the Persons failing or neglecting so to do: Wherefore I have taken from the said Abstracts the following Account, to shew your Lordships in what lamentable Backwardness most of the said Receivers are in their Accounts; to the end your Lordships may thereby judge of the Necessity of compelling them to expedite the passing of the same by such Means as your Lordship*. shall think fitting.

P p P Within

A. 1699.

Crown

Lands.

238

29* Febrtiarii.

Undeclared for 3 Years.

Undeclared for 18 Years.

Undeclared for 23 Years.

Undeclared for 24 Years.

Undeclared for 7 Years.

Undeclared for 12 Years.

Undeclared for 9 Years,

Undeclared for

22 Years.

Undeclared for

23 Years.

Undeclared for 27 Years.

Undeclared for 13 Years.

Undeclared for 10 Years.

Undeclared for 11 Years.

Undeclared for 10 Years.

Undeclared for 13 Years.

ount \ e in

Within the District of Mr. Auditor Aldworth:

The County Palatine of Chester, whereof Roger Whitley Esquire is Receiver; no Account hath been declared since Michaelmas 1695; and the Revenue,

then in Charge, was, per Annum.....)

For the County of Lincoln no Account hath been declared since Michaelmas 1680, when Robert Sanderson Esquire, deceased, was Receiver; but the I Accounts were made up, though not declared for want of some Vouchers, [ or other Obstructions, as the Auditor certifies, to Michaelmas 1697; at ? which time Tho. Hewet Gentleman was Receiver; and the Revenue, then

in Charge, was, per Annum.....-

For the Counties of Nottingham and Darby no Account hath been declared since Michaelmas 1675; when Sir John Cutler, since deceased, was Receiver; but the Accounts are made up, though not declared for want of Vouchers, or some other Obstructions, as the said Auditor certifies, to Michaelmas 1697; at which time Tho. Hewet and Mr. Chambers were Receivers; and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum - For the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, the last declared Account was for^ the Year ended at Michaelmas 1674, when Tho. Cawood Esquire was Receiver; and no Advances have been made towards passing any Account since by Sir Edward Deer ing, who is Receiver; and the Revenue Charge, upon the last declared Account, was, per Annum For the Counties of Essex and Hertford, Middlesex, and the City of London, the last declared Account was for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1691, John Smith Gentleman being Receiver; and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum ——

For the Counties of Norfolk and Huntington, the last declared Account was5 for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1686; but the Accounts are made up and signed by Mr. Auditor Phillips, though not declared, to Michaelmas .1693; Mr. John Smith continuing Receiver; and the Revenue, then ini Charge, was, per Annum ----- --- J

Within the District of Mr. Auditor Shales:

For the Counties of Kent, Surry, and Sussex, the last declared Account was) for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1689, when Henry Thornhill Esquire, y deceased, was Receiver; and the yearly Revenue, then in Charge, was,i

per Annum - - - -.....J

For the Counties of Oxon and Berks, the last declared Account w?as for the) Year ended at Michaelmas 1676; Wm. Roberts Esquire being then Re-r ceiver; and the yearly Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum - 3

For the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, the last declared Account was) for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1675; Wm. Taylor Esquire Receiver;? and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum - - - 3

For the County of York, the last declared Account was for the Year ended) at Michaelmas 1671; Tho. Bland then Receiver; and the Revenue, thenr in Charge, w as, per Annum - )

For the Counties of Berks and Bucks, as to the Revenue of the Honour and^ Castle of Windsor, the last declared Account was for the Year ended atC Michaelmas 1685; Wm. Roberts being Receiver; and the Revenue, then f

in Charge, was, per Annum.....)

For the Archdeaconry of Richmond, Bishoprick of Durham, and County of) Northumberland, the last declared Account was for the Year ended at v. Michaelmas 1688; Peter Hammond being Receiver; and the Revenue, C then in Charge, was, per Annum ----- - J

For the Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland, the last declared } Account was for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1687; Richard Rivington > being then Receiver; and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum 3 For the Counties of Northampton and Rutland, the last declared Account*) was for One Year, ended at Michaelmas 1688; Sam. Tynns Gentleman? being then Receiver; and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum 3 For the Counties of Warwick and Leicester, the last declared Account was*) for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1685; Wm. Green being then Receiver; > and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum - - 3

L S. d.

446 16 31 1,922 8 0

1,301 12 lof 514 9 41

633 6 21 284 8 5J

681 10 i$

344 15 10 436 0 n|

3,600 10 9!

899 7 51

616 1 gi

2,970 17 10 2,431 15 51

1,226 14 51

As for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, and Hereford, which are likewise within Mr. Shales' District, and for which no Accounts, as the said Mr. Shales has certified, do appear to have been declared since the Restoration; I humbly pray your Lordships will please to be referred to Mr. Shales Memorial, concerning the same; which is hereunto annexed.

Undeclared for 3 Years.

Undeclared for . 3 Years.

Within the District of Ralph Grey Esquire:

For the several Counties of North Wales, the last declared Account was for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1695; Roger Whitley Esquire being Receiver;i and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum - -

For the several Counties of South Wales, the last declared Account was for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1695; Bevis Lloyd Esquire, since deceased, being then Receiver; and the Revenue, then in Charge, was, per Annum

3,290 4 9i

3,408 17 oi As

b)

12 W. III. 290 Februarii. 239

As for the several Counties of Hampskirey Somerset, Dorset, Devon, Gloucester, and Cornwall, which are under the Audit of Mr. Parsons; there has been no Return made from him to your Lordships concerning the same: But I am informed, That all, or most, of the Accounts for the Revenues within this District, are in good Forwardness for Declaration:

I take leave also humbly to acquaint your Lordships, That, in pursuance of the said Letters of Privy Seal, your Lordships have been pleased to direct Mr. Auditor Shales to call the Receivers of the Profits arising to his Majesty from the Estate of the late Lord Preston to an Account for the same; and, by a State made thereof, by the said Mr. Shales, which is hereunto annexed, it appears, there is due and owing to his Majesty, as well from the Tenants of the said Estate, as the Accountants, and others therein concerned, the Sum of 3,524/. 105. 2 id. besides 3,1/46/. 15 s. 0 d. for the Profits of the said Estate in Yorkshire, for the time it was in Lease to the Earl of Carlisle and Sir Geo. Fletcher; of which no Account is yet given: But I am informed by the said Auditors, that unless a more than ordinary Authority be used by your Lordships, to compel the Persons concerned in the receiving the Issues and Profits in the said Estate, whereof Mr. Reginald Harriot was Chief, to account for the same, his Majesty will, in all Likelihood, be defeated of the Monies owing to him from the said Estate; the said Mr. Marryot using and contriving all Manner of ill Practices and Devices for that Purpose; and wholly neglects and evades the passing or perfecting of any Accounts of the same.

Thus having laid before your Lordships a State of the Proceedings, which have been already made upon the said Letters of Privy-Seal, I do humbly submit the same to your Lordships, to take such further Measures, for the

more effectual performing of his Majesty's Pleasure sig- Crown nified therein, as your Lordships, in your great Judgment Lands* and Wisdom, shall think fit

A true Copy examined. Chr. Tilson,

Chr. Tilson. ' 9 October, 1699.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to his Majesty's Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Date the 28th of February 1698, and your Lordships dormant Warrant thereupon, I have endeavoured to deliver in States or Abstracts of all such Accounts of his Majesty's Land Revenue, as I find have hitherto been declared, for the respective Counties within my several Assignments; but do not find any declared Accounts for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, and Hereford, since the Restoration of his late Majesty YdmgCharks the Second; which said Counties were lately in the Assignment of Sir Joseph Seymour Knight, deceased, as Auditor; and the Receipt thereof hath been for some Time past, and still is, in the Hands of one Mr. John Digby; and if any such Accounts have been declared, they are not delivered over to me amongst the other Writings belonging to the said Assignment, but remain still in the Hands of Mr. Reginald Marriot, who was Deputy to the said Sir Joseph Seymour: Therefore I must humbly crave your Lordships, strict Order for Mr. Marryot to deliver up the said Accounts, if any such there be; and also for Mr. Digby to hasten to account for the Time that he hath been Receiver of the said Counties: Which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships Consideration.

A Copy examined. Henry Shales, Auditor.

Chr. Tilson. 1 November 1699.

A brief State of the late Lord Prestons Estate in the Counties of Cumberland and York, during the Time

the same was in his Majesty's Hands; viz.

Charge: County of Cumberland:

For 1,684/. 5^- 6d. per Annum, from the 29th December 1690, the Time the Forfeiture commenced, to the 29th March 1693, the Time f it was leased to the Earl of Carlisle, Sir Geo. Fletcher, and others, is C Two Years and One Quarter, and amounts to the Sum of - - J

For Money received since Lady-day 1693, by Mr. Revington, which 7 the Earl of Carlisle and Sir Geo. Fletcher claims in their Account - y

£. s. d. 3,789 12 4f

293 15 o

L- ‘ 4,083

s. d.

7 4f

400

77

6

8

77

61

o

o

0

7 2 10 o

22 10 0

112 10

W'hereof,

Paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, as by Two several Tallies - 800 00

Paid by the late Lord Ossulston, by Order from the Right Honour-} able the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, dated the>

8th May 1693 )

Paid to Henry Dixon, and for a Horse and Accoutrements -Paid for several Warrants at the Treasury -Portage for 800/ paid into the Exchequer, at 20 s. per Cent.

Paid JVm. Bodinson, for his Expences, and his Servants, and their")

Horses, in going into the Country .....- j

Paid for strong Guards, &c. -....

Allowed for a Fee-farm Rent, issuing out of the Manor of Bew-") castle, for Three Years, ending at Michaelmas 1693 - -y

To the Receiver, for his Care and Pains, at 50/. per Annum for")

Two Years, and One Quarter, ended at Lady-day 1693 -y

And then remains

Against which,

Arrears in the Tenants Hands, as by a particular Account annexed -

And then there will still remain in the Accountants Hands -

Charge: County of York:

For 1,443/. per Annum from the 29th of December 1696, to Lady-day 1693, when} leased to the Earl of Carlisle and Sir Geo. Fletcher, is Two Years and One Quarter, and>

amounts to ----- ---.....)

The Earl of Carlisle and Sir Geo. Fletcher, &c. to account for the Cumberland Estate,} 500l. per Annum, from Lady-day 1693, to Michaelmas 1695; and 300l. per Annum f for the Estate in Yorkshire for the same Time; both amounting to 800l. as by Letters f

Patents; which for Two Years and a Half, comes to.....j

Vo l. 13.

' 1,565 a 2

I humbly think these Sums reasonable to be allowed, and not

2,518 5 2 i

These Arroari 1,128 2 3 ought to be le-

vied.

% 11Z The Account-

L39° 2 auts ought to pay this.

Some Account o 246 15 O ought to be rendered of thi*

Sum.

o 0

Against

Crown

Lands.

Deficient

Aids.

24.0 29° fghmrii- A. 1699.

Against which,

discharge: f.

There is claimed, for an Allowance to the Lady Preston, by Letters Patents, dated)

25 March 1693.....3°° o

Claimed for Monies received by the Accountant of Cumberland, since the Date of)

their Letters Patents j 293

Claimed by Sir Geo. Fletcher, for a Debt due to him by the late Lord Preston - 400 o

993 15

d.

q T humbly thji)k this reasonable.

0 And thii.

It doth not appear to me how — this Debt hath

o

Remains due ——

All which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships Considerations.

The Earl of n Carlisle, Sir Gee.

IfOOQ 5 0 Fletcher, Uc. to

account for this x Sum.

Henry Shales, Auditor.

19 September 1699.

Ordered, That the saitjl Memorial do lie upon the Table paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Penalties in to be perused by t,he IVJembers of the House. Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for Penalties Custom*.

and Forfeitures for Ten Years last past, ending at Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Michaelmas 169.9, ^ave 6een disposed of.

House an Recount of tfye gross and net Produce of all And the Titles thereof were read:

the (jefcient Aids, not already provided for: And also, And the said Accounts are as follow; vix,

ri Recount hpw the Eighty-five Thousand Pounds,

An ACCOUNT of the gross and

o

r

co

The Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the First 3,. Aid, the Capitation Duties, the Aid of I 11 d. ptr Lib. and the third Quarterly Pol], being f Part of the said Deficiencies; w*. J

G

►Q

fcO

BEDFORD ....

BERKS - ,....

BUCKS....

CAMBRIDGE....

CHESTER....

CORNWALL....

CUMBERLANDandWESTMERLAND -

DERBY ....

DEVON.....* -

DORSET....

DURHAM and NORTHUMBERLAND -

YORK.....- -

ESSEX.....-

GLOUCESTER....

HEREFORD -....

HERTFORD ....

HUNTINGTON....

KENT . ....

LANCASTER....

LEICESTER....

LINCOLNE - -

LONDON, MIDDLESEX, and WESTMINSTER

NORFOLK -....

NORTHAMPTON and RUTLAND NOTTINGHAM OXON -SALOP -SOMERSETT SOUTHAMPTON STAFFORD -SUFFOLK SURRY -SUSSEX WARWICK -WORCESTER WILTS -MONMOUTH

PEMBROOKE, Carmarthen, Cardica

f A If A n P A M M tm

BRECKNOCK and RADNOR DEN?Y» Flint, Montgomery, Carnarvan, Anglesey, and Merioneth -

»:}

Totals, so far as appears by this Account

The fir/l 3 /. Aid granted 8° mm.

Crofa Produce. Net Produce.

£ d. £ s. d.

19,691 l6 1 18,138 13 6

3*915 *9 °i 30,267 16

34,876 6 9* 32,048 18 9 i

2*>S95 *3 n* *0,145 18 11

No Duplicate returned. 19.853 5 8

17,665 19 I, 15,965 15

5*35 4 6i 4,5*5 *9 li

*7*57 18 6 15,36* *4 9i

59*38* 16 9 S».773 7 5

24,284 7 9 22,120 1 2

*9*075 1 1 16,600 5 2

68,613 4 4f 61,794 11 2

65,212 8 5r 60,309 8

34*35° *9 8f 3°»993 2 1

14,822 *9 5f 13,361 H 4*

30,792 16 *1 28,185 12 3

10,847 16 5f 9*9*5 10 9

61,563 16 6 55,150 4 7

15,665 *3 1 13*698 15 8

25,400 9 *1 *3.3*7 6 of

5*344 18 5* 49,099 *7

*7*474 8 1 >55.258 1 2

58,39+ *4 49,936 8 8

37,229 8 8* 34.330 0 10

18,425 5 7\ 16,6*7 15 *f

*9*579 16 8 27.569 14 2

20,636 3 18,356 *7 10

53*54* 16 1 48,965 *5 3

39*9*3 16 i*i 36,950 2

19,808 12 *i >7.564 18 4l

53>555 7 7* 49.»3> 6 4

4*45^ 11 I. 37.962 *9 5

42,890 0 9 39.7«>5 4 7r

28,858 11 9 *5,803 *7 0

*4*77° 10 6i *.557 *7 8

36,916 *3 8 43.765 6 2

6,683 *9 10J 5.940 9 <4

10,994 *7 4i 9.907 x4 4*

4.475 0 7* 4,083 4 7*

' Duplicates not all returned. 15,015 *9 0

1,332,101 3 3i I*243»14* 12 4i

3

A

-jL~-

1 net Produce of the deficient Aids not already provided for.

The Aid of 12 d. per Libra granted 8' - ml. Third Quarterly Poll granted 90 & io* W.

Gross Produce. Net Produce. Gross Produce. Net Produce.

£ ' d> £. . </. £ ' d. £ 8/.

6,564 11 6 6,214 5 0 3.936 14 *f 3.828 13 7f

10,965 10 0 10,l68 *5 9f 7,028 II 3 6,836 5 of

11,625 3 ni IO,9l6 0 5 6,885 5 5* 6,612 4 2

7*i9i 5 3f 6,791 2 11 6,528 l8 2 1,300 0 a

No Duplicate returned. 5»7io 9 4 No Duplicate returned. 700 0 0

5,889 2 3 5,686 8 2 3,*59 9 2,969 5 8

i,7°7 0 0 ,*47° 16 7z i,703 5 4 1.657 8 2f

5>S°S ‘8 4f 5»32° 1 7 3,945 J3 8 3,822 15 uf

i9*43i 5 7i i7»901 5 1 of 14,*33 8 6 13,712 9 i of

8,7M *5 if 7»367 16 of 4-6* S »3 2 4,420 5 1

6,35614 6i 6,063 *9 6 7,t82 I 1 6,963 10 3

22,820 10 6i 20,828 7 nf 24>023 l8 9f 23>34» 17 I0f

2177119 ni 21,093 9 8 12.409 7 5 12,071 18 si

11,449 9 7i 10,662 8 9f 6,899 7 5 6,668 6

4,944 17 3 4*713 6 7 2,473 «7 0 2,404 14 4f

10,264 6 10} 9*77° 2 7f 7,216 12 3 o»353 0 0

3,616 4 5 3*5°4 5 iof 2,880 j 4 *77S 13 IO'

Duplicates not all returned. 21,266 14 11 14,667 7 J 14,209 10 5*

5,* 3 8J 5*°59 0 7i 4,169 12 7 4,057 7 4

8,463 4 8f 7.84* 1 ol 5,564 10 4 5*377 4 5,

16,698 11 Ai 15.573 12 2f u,473 0 1 11,164 19 4z

56,937 17 7 5 *,698 3 5f 56,300 11 9 5S*482 9 7

I9.460 I 7 14,901 x9 10 17,848 19 4 11,500 0 0

12,409 15 H n*443 6 8 8,778 9 4 8.542 2 1

6,117 2 7 5*574 16 6f 4,267 lo 4 4>f5* r9 0

9,860 5 6i 9,191 7 11 6,661 19 4i 6,464 17 9f

6,878 IO ii| 6,664 3 8f 4-750 *° 2 4.622 12 1

17847 5 4f 16,546 11 3 9,l66 O 0 8,833 12 9

11,492 9 4 , i°,874 11 6f 9,819 4 0 8,600 0 0

6,586 3 8f 6,381 11 if 3-937 1* 8 3.819 2 4

17*95° 1 7 16,413 3 9f 12,953 8 0 12,569 3 8

14*5* 3 1 of , 12,827 9 4f 11.610 15 4 11,097 16 2

14*291 19 1 of 13,162 3 10 No Duplicate returned. 4.897 0 0

9*618 7 7 9,050 9 7 6,853 s 0 6,668 17 5f

8,256 16 iof 7,880 5 1 of S»7*8 7 0 5.4°8 2 9f

12,295 2 H 11,779 5 5-95* *9 0 5*732 4 0

i,i79 4 9 i*943 17 *f 1,440 8 2 1,401. 12 8

3.657 " °i 3*543 Si 3-349 4 3,164 XI a

1,488 4 0 i*44i *9 8 No Duplicate returned. i»97 3 6

Duplicates not all returned. 2,509 3 nf Duplicates not all return'd. 200 0 0

420,680 19 9f 418,753 1 5f 320,515 ij iof 305,608 17 2

The Capitation Duties granted 8® Willi.

Gross Produce.

£ ' d-

5>74* ° 3.

11.046 17 11

9-457 8i

8,462 8 o±

No Duplicate returned. 7,176 9 2| 3,587 8 o|

5,495 0 8|

25,320 I IO

8,415 *6 >of 9.589 * 3* 3°.739

18,151 >3

11.047 l8

5»256 l3

11.005 H 3»7i5 !3

18,12118

9.449 3

8.947 8

15,236 3

208,256 3

26,370 16 11,527 o 6,005 3

9*^33 2

8,508 3

20,739 2 14,508 19 7>77* 2

20,561 5

21,002 4

12,908 10 10,474 14 9*146 7

11.006 1 2,645 16

5,296 2 2j

3,504 19 4$

duplicates not all returned,

9!

6*

3

1

6f

o

10

H

8{

8i

n

o

*1

11

9

of

3i

3

635,830 4 6

Net Produce.

5,406

i°.3*4

8,646

8,031

4.8*7

5.995

3.675

4,88»

*.417

28,683 16,812 10,212 4,64' 9,904 3,599 17.37* 8,795 8,456 12,983 192,*44 20,244 io,799 5,408 8,710 7,938

17,476 13,49* 6,73' 18,534 19,3*8 12,100 9,802 7.871

9,728

2,561

4.85* 3,37* 3, *63

s. d. IO 2f

5 9 1 o

5 I

?,ij

1 7 1 if

3 10 9(

II 8

4 3 18 5

17 K

1 Ilf 3 iof

6 11

5 6 5

2 lof

9 4r 2 8

17 11

7 6

2 if

12 7*

H 9f

15 6f

16 9f

12 o

13 3

13 o

14 0} 16 1

3 of

2 8

4 4

586,628 7 5f

VO

o

3s

IVm. Lowndes.

4* 290 Febru. 1699.

The ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the other Part of the said Deficiencies.

'The Duties on Low Wines and Sweets} granted 7* et 8* IV. from the! 2,5th of March 1696, the time the same commenced, to ChristmasY

1699, have produced -.....)

The Duties on Paper and Parchment, as well inland, as upon foreign Im-! portations, which determined the 1st of March 1698, and were granted S 8° et 90 IV. - - - - b - - -)

The Duties on. Leather, as well inland,'*as upon foreign Importations! which were granted 8* et 90 JV. for 3 Years, from the 20th April > 97, have produced to Christmas 1699 - - - - -J

The Duties on Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, which were! granted 8°and 9°JV. from 20th April 1097, to the 20th July 1699, have>

produced )

The further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, granted 8° and 90 JV.\ for Two Years and ended the First of February 1699, hath pro-S duced - - - -)

Gross Produce. Net Produce.

£ d. £. «. d.

71,468 11 6^ 62,941 15 04

22,016 i 9.4 18,103 18 5)

250,107 4 34 5211.2712 *8 11|

1,004,283 3 11 915*936 17 64

J,i69.330 13 10 947*740 $ 7

2,517.205 14 ioi 2,155,995 15 n|

Memorandum: The Differences between the gross and net Produces consist of Charges in Collecting or Management, Loss by Recoinage, and Supers or Insupers standing out. yp Lowndes

Id

s.

d.

The said Account how the 85,000l. paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Commissioners of the Customs, for Penalties and Forfeitures, for 10 Years last past, ending at Michaelmas 1699, have been disposed of.

Memorandum: These Penalties and'

Forfeitures are accounted for, in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, under the Denomination of Seizures; and there was remaining thereupon, in the said Receipt, at Michaelmas 1689, the Sum of - - - - -And there does appear to have been received there under the Head of Seizures, within the 10 Years from Michaelmas 1689, to Michaelmas1 1699, the Sum of -

c

435

8 10-1

85,796 8 4

In all - - £. 86,231 17 2i

Whereof there has been paid as followed), To the late Treasurer of the Navy,!

upon Account.....j

To the Earl of Ranclagh9 Paymaster!

of the Forces, upon Account - - 3

To the Paymaster of the Forces employed in Ireland, on Account - 3 To thelate Treasurer of the Ordnance,! upon Account -

30 o 101-1,285 1 4t 525 19 10* 40 o o

VIZ.

1,405 12 I

To several on Account of Fees, and Salaries; To the Chancellor of the Exchequer 7 for the time being - - - - -3

To the Senior Deputy Chamberlain,!

for locking up Treasure - - -3 To the Auditor of the Receipt for the) _ Time being ----- - -3 ^>3-3

To the Clerk of the Pells for the Time ! n 0 beings ... . - '>*>3

To the

103 11 4

Four Tellers of the Receipt! for the Time being - - - 3 To the Two Chamberlains of Exche-

5 *9 758 1 52113

9t

' Exche- 7

quer for the Time being - - - 3

To the Two Deputy Chamberlains,! nQ, for striking Tallies - - - - -3 381 18

To the Auditor of the Receipts Two!

Clerks in the Tally Court for the }

Time being -

297 11

To the Clerk of the Pells Clerk there! <ir

for the Time being - - - - -3 0

To the Grooms of the Receipt for the! o

Ti<ne being ----- - -j 800

To the Two Deputy Chamberlains* for! Q Q

joining Tallies, for the Time being 3

To the Four Messengers of the Receipt^ Q Q

To the Usher of the Receipt for the!

Time being ----- - -3 20 13 4

To the Comptroller of the Pipe - 250 0 0

To the Secondaries in the Pipe Office 104 16 8

To the Secondaries in the King's Re-!

membrancer's Office - - - -3 02 0 0

To the Warden of Waltham Forest,!

for himself and several Officers -3 "

To the Clerk of the Pipe - - - 735 14 4*:

To the Justice in Eyre, Trent North 77 3 2|

To the Messenger attending the Chan-!

cellor of the Exchequer for the> 118 8 0

Time being.....)

To Rudolph Kein, Closet-keeper to!

the King - .....3 250 0 0

To the Cursitor Baron for the Time{ _ -being - ----- ---3

To Richard Hutchinson, late Solicitor) g00 Q

of the Customs, an additional Salary {

To the Clerk of the foreign Estreats 4H 16 *"8 To the foreign Opposer - - - - 290 0 0

To the Clerk of the Nichells - - 105 0 o

To the Clerk of the Estreats in the! 0

Common Pleas- - - - - -J 135 0 0

To the Clerks and Ministers of the! 0 r r ftr Receipt of the Exchequer - - 3 ® r

To the Porter at the Exchequer Gate 21 19 1

To the Clerk of the Pleas in the Ex-! Q.

chequer.....-j 84 0 0

To the Keepers of Greenwich Park - 76 6 i

To Mr. Maugridge, Drum-major - 28 14 11

To the late Speaker of the House of! 1

Commons ----- - -3

To the Agents for Taxes, their Clerks! gg

and Messengers.....3 2*'

To the Commissioners of Accounts - 100 12 I

To the Poet Laureat - -- 7152

To the Historiographer Royal - - 15000

T*

12 W. lit

9° Februdrii.

27

336

15

550

ii8

*43

6

17

4

d

6*

ix

o o 12 6

To the Serjeant at Arms attending*) the House of Peers - - - - 3 To the Treasurer Remembrancer -To Richard Welbeck, Stable-keeper") at Reading ----- - -3

To the Masters in Chancery - -

To Anthony Lawrence, Surveyor of) the Ways ----- -- -3

To the Secondaries in Treasurer, Re-7 membrancer Office, and Clerks > 141 4 8

there ----- --- -J

To Mr. Beabisson, Master of the>

Bows to his Majesty - - -3

To the Auditors of the Imprest - -To John Burrard, late Riding Fo-7 rester in Nvzv-Foi'est - - - -3

To Walter Laycock, Surveyor of the*)

Woods, Trent North - - -)

Total - - £ 22,379 18

attending the | Towei', fori

58 5 466 13 13 *3 62 10

hisj

10

to the Plantations To Wnu Colton Mariner -

To Colonel John Dean -To Charles Villiers Esquire To Mr. Woodcock -To Mr. Kinston -To Mary Davis -To Jams Grey -To Oloff Hill .-To Hillaiy Rcmie -To Baldwin Leighton To Lord Mordington To Thomas Office -To Richard Hosiei'

To Andrew Stacy -

To /i/iwiry Kil/igrcw

To Barnard GranviU Esquire -

To Colonel Henry Purcell

To Dzvyre -

To J0A/2 Whit tel -

To Edward Viscount Combury

To /tf/w Christmas

To William Fanshaw -

To Dame Zg/otj -

To Mr. Addison -

To the Lady Cath. Damly

To Mr. D. Lisle -

To the Lady Mordant - -

To Mr. RotfcA - -

»yal Bounty; viz.

120 0 0

j 561: 16 to

- 470 0 0

m 1,000 0 0

- 1,000 0 0

- 50 0 0

- 700 0 0

4m 300 0 0

- 2,000 0 0

- 678 17 -10

- 100 0 0

- 297 8 0

- 44 0 0

- 1,773 10 0

- 7i 16 6

300 0 0

- 25 0 0

- 40 0 0

- 9 10 0

- 6 0 0

- 610 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 52 0 0

- 100 0 0

- 200 0 0

- ' 1 3 3*

- 419 12 0

- 118 6 8

To the Messengers Treasury, for ditto To the Governor of the Towei', for") Diet of Prisoners - - - 3

To thd Usher of the Receipt, for his') Liberate - 3 For Necessaries for the Treasury") Chambers ----- -- 3

To several Persons for apprehending") of Highwaymen y

To Hen. Pelham Esquire, for his Service in securing a Seizure To Mrs. Eliz. Coldwell, for conveying Gunpowder to Tniskilling - 3 To the Warden of the Mint, for prosecuting Clippers ----- 3

To the Officers and Clerks of the Taly7 Court,-for striking without Fees - 3 To the Messengers of the Court of*) Exchequer, for Riding Charges - 3 To Mr. Cawthorpe and Mr. Rands,\ Surplus on their Accounts, for I 2 s. and additional 12 d. - - - )

To Win. Carter, for preventing the -!

Exportation of Wool - - - - 3

To Tho. Pelham Esquire, without* Account, for the Benefit of iVew-> haven Harbour - - - 1

To Henry Barker, et al\ for Law-suits To Serjeant Topham, for Necessaries") to the House of Commons - - 3

To the Door-keepers of the House") of Lords - - - -3

To Thomas Fowler, for his Charges in") France, whilst a Prisoner there - 3 To Henry Seager, for the Charge oil the Pix-feast ----- - 3

To the Pages of the Bed-chamber,7 for washing Sheets - - - - 3

To the Agents for Taxes, for incidents To Philip Middleton, for discovering")

Pirates.....3

To Francis Pilchard, for seizing oil Wool - 3

To Dame Mary Kirk, for the itent)

of her House.....- 3

To Derrick Stork, for a Moiety of a")

Seizure.....- 3

For Rewards to Receivers of Taxes

Total - -

220 7 178 13 3,570 0 52$ o 204 2 L3oo o 200 o 600 o i,8g2 7

L85O g

i,oooo o

d.

7$

4

9i

*99 16 l0

3oo o 0 218 2 l 50 0 0

49 18 o 47 o 0

*54 9 6

72 ° 0 237 U j 16

3 6

40

100

Total - - £.11,124 x

To several on Pensions and Annuities; viz, To Lodowich9 Bray -To the Poor of several Parishes To Sir John Cotton

*To the Treasurer of Christ's Hospital To the Lady Margaret's Professor at")

Oxford - - - -3

To the French Ministers in the Savoy To Sir William Killigrew To Solomon Foubret -

To §\r Samuel Moidand -

To Mrs. Browning

Total - -

18 10 0

274 9 31

10 13 4

I 370 10 0

33 6 8

t 20 0 0

25O 0 0

120 5 4

100 0 0

60 0 0

£1,357 14 n

To sundry contingent Expences; viz.

To the Usher of the Court of Exche-7 g quer, on his Liberate - - - -3

To the Messengers of the Receipt,")

for Riding Charges

- -i

2,03512

5*

9i

Ttiis Article is supplied from the Original Account* VOL. 13.

The aforesaid Totals amount to To William Jephson, Henry Guy, and Wm. Lowndes, Secretaries of the Treasury successively, upon several.

Privy Seals for her Majesty the late / 15,964 Queen's secret Services, without Account, divers Sums, amounting

to - -- .....,

To the Secretaries of State for the")

Time being, for secret Services 5 To the Treasurer of the Chamber,")

upon Account.....5

To Charles Shales his Majesty's Gold-") smith, for Plate - - - 3

To the Paymaster of his Majesty's")

Works, upon Account - - - 3 To Philip Riley, for Works in several")

Parks ----- --- 3

To the Master of the Great Ward-") robe, upon Account - - - - 3 To Monsieur Braguiere -

To the late Master and Worker oil the Mint, upon Account - - - 3

To Hugh Broughton, Consul at Venice

9i

55 9 Si

*,307 12 9*

4,354 3 4

359 16 3*

50 0 0

573 3 1

1,000 0 0

2»°53 6 8

300 0 0

For

Dover

Harbour.

Avon and Froora Navigation.

Thomas'

Estate.

Beer and Ale Measure.

Assaying of Hale.

244

For Principal and Interest on E^che-'i q'uer Bills issued on the Sa4t Ac-

39° Febru

A. 1699.

count

By Loss ypon 1 d. in Old during, in new So the Deficiency

£ s. d. 62 13 2f

£.48,125 19 "§

995 15 0}

86,121 15 of By Cash remaining in the Receipt of } x 10 2 2

Exchequer 28th September 1699 J

- 1 86,231'17 2{

This, in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, bearing Date the 24th of January 1699, hutnbly presented by Wm

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read a Second time.

Resphed\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preserving of the Rivers Avon and Froom, and cleansing the Streets of the City of Bristoll, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleveh a Clock, and nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Rob. Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Dalby Thomas Esguire, to sell Lands in Islington, in Middlesex, settled on his^Marriage with Dorothy his Wife, as Part of her Jointurfc; he settling another Estate, of equal or greater Value, in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the ascertaining the Measure for retailing Ale and Beer, vitiiout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for appointing Assay-masters for the Assaying of Plate, in the most considerable Cities and Towns within this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Row I. Gwyn, Sir Rob. Dava's, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Powlet, Mr. Scobell, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Blofidd, -Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Davys Mr. England, Sir Cha. Sidley, Lord Chaiie, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Wm. Wogan, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Brothcrton, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Conyers, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Edu ard Seymour, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Clayton; and the Members for the City of London; and such Members as are Aldermen of the said City: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to leave out the Clause in the said Bill, that concerns the mew Standard for Plate; and to repeal the Law in that Part which establishes the same.

Ordeml, That the Merits of the Election touching the

Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, be heard Pontefract before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Election. Monday, the Eighth Day of April next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Growth o| Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill PoPer7* for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House again resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

1 -

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House Commis a Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, ersofAi and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for counts* Transport Service: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual preventing and punishing unlawful and clandestine Trading, be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Employ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ?°° House, to consider further of the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Repost from the Committee, to Halffj whom the Papers relating to Half-pay was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Fees oi whom it was referred to inspect and settle the Fees to be of]f5ccr taken by the Officers of the House, be made upon Weir the liv nesday Adorning next.

Ordered, That the Act relating to the Expences in Expei Elections be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow fcketi Morning: And that Mr. Sloan do then attend in his Place,

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Come

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Assaj That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for appointing Assay-masters, for the Assaying of Plate in the most considerable Cities and Towns within this Kingdom, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better preventing English Coin, and English Plate* from being exported;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£

Tellers for the Noes*

So it passed in the Negative.

10.5,

129.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley, Mr. Battiscombe, Mr. As- e.« gill, Mr. Offley, Mr. Crane, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bettszrorth, Nm Mr. Stringer, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Early, Mr. White,

Mr.

o

12 W. III. 290 Februarii. — 1° 245

Mr. Cooke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exon, and other principal Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, is referred.

Ordered, That *

Veneris, 1° die Martii;

.12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ich A BILL for confirming a Lease granted by the City JljL of Nonvich to Richard Barry and George Soro-Brks. cold, and another Deed between the said City, and Richard Soarne, and the said George Sorocold; w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Cooke, Sir Charles Windham, Mr. Davey, Mr. Shackerly,

| Sir Robert Rapper, Sir.Robert Davers, Mr. England, Sir Robert Eden, Me. Vernon, Mr. Bycrtey, Mr. Dalby, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Phillips, Mr. While, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Bridges, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. York, Mr. j Sacheverall, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Lee, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. / % es, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Cotton, Sir Lyz. Windham, Sir LV/?z. Bacon, Sir Abstrupus Dauby, Mr. blofeild; and all that serve dor the Counties of AV-and Suffolk: And they are to ineet this. Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for setting up Lights within the said City.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tote. for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Cowper, of the City of Chester, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shackerly, Sir Abstr. Danby, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Whitchcot, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Colonel Granvile, Sir Robei't Cotton, Mr. Campion, Sir James Houblon, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Robert Doom, Sir John Fagg, Sir Rowland Gxiryn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hughes, Mr. England, Mr Blofeild, Mr. White, Mr. Osborne, Mr.. Blake, Mr. Philips, Sir Robert Nasser, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Bridgman; and all that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-tilled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitz Gei'dld Villers, and raising of Money for Payment of u Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children, by Edward Fitz Gerald Villers Esquire, her late Husband, be read upon Monday Morning next.

jj^l The House being informed, That the Petition of An-on* tony Roiv Esquire, touching the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, presented to the House this Session, is different from the Petition presented by him the last Session;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine whether the Petition of the said Mr. Row, this Session, is the same, in Substance, with his Petition presented the last Session; and report the same to the House: And that the Committee do the same, before they proceed upon the Merits of the Election.

'An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of Robert Merefeild and John Merefeild, Esquires, deceased; and for ascertaining the Proportions between rj the Widow of the said Robert, and his surviving Children; \»f was read a Second time.

Vol. 13.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Napper, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Battiscomb, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Englandi Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Philipps,

Mr. Hancock, Colonel Webb, Sir Frail: Warr, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Tredenham, Mr Crane, Mr. Hey sham, Sir*

Robert Edon; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, and Soriicrsctt: And they <irc to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act WaHop'a to enable Trustees to make Sale of the Inheritance of Estate, the Twelfth Part of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of Bluet Wallop Esquire, during his Minority; and to purchase other Lands with the Money to be raised by such Sale, to be settled to the same Uses as the Twelfth Part was so settled; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Blake, according to Order, reported from the Com- Avon and mittee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving of the Fro°m Rivers Avon and Froom, and cleansing the Streets of the NaviSa^on* City of Bristoll, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had di- ' rected him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, after this Day, receive Private no more private Business during this Session. Business.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Commis-ing next, before they resolve into a Committee of the loners of whole House upon the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work, take into Consideration the great Services performed by the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates of Ireland.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoslcyns and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Martha Ship, for the Ship Martha, of Margam, to trade as a free Ship, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Baldwin's for the better enabling of Anne Baldwyn Widow, to sell a Estate, capital Messuage and Lands called Wilton, and other Lands in the County of Bucks, devised by her Husband's Will, without any Amendment. Also

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lady Bond s settling all Differences concerning Dame Mary Bond's Will; and for performing the same: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported, from State of the Committee of the whole House* who were to consider Revenue, of the State of his Majesty's Revenue, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there hath been a great Loss in his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, to the Prejudice of the Publick.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That there hath been a great Loss in his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, to the Prejudice of the Publick.

R r v Colonel

Aldborough,

&c.

Klee t ions.

E*pences in Elections.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Supply Bill; Land Tax and Irish Forfeitures.

Impartial Proceedings in Parlia- / mfent.

Committees.

Exporting

Wool.

4 6

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee move the House, That they will consider of Methods for the Improvement of the s^id Revenue.

And the jHouse proceeded to consider of the same accordingly.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Land Tax and Irish Forfeiture Bills are committed, That they receive a Clause to enable his Majesty, for the Improvement of the Revenue, to lett to farm the Duties of Excise, if he thinks fit.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction also, That no Member of this House be concerned in the farming or managing the Revenue of the Excise.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Alborough, in the County of York; and touching the Election for the Borough of Corf Castle, in the County of Dorset, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Act touching Expences in Elections be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning: And that Mr. Sloane do then attend in his Place.

Ordered, That the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bills for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbatij 2* die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace and several Gentlemen, and other Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Cardigan, on the behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of the Inhabitants, Clothiers, and Dealers in the Wool Trade, in the said County, and the Parts adjoining the reunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for several Years past, the Petitioners have had considerable Trade in Wool, and the Woollen Manufactures; but that the same is now very much obstructed by several Persons employed as Officers to prevent the Exportation of Wool, by their seizing great Parcels thereof carrying to, and brought from, the Markets, and extorting several great Sums from Persons owning the same, though there never was any Wool exported from those Parts, or any Suspicion thereof: And praying Redress in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

A. 1699.

the Commissioners for preventing the Exportation of Wool is referred: And that the Committee do sit de die in diem.

A Bill for taking the Estate in Law of several Mes- Howlaaf suages and Lands mortgaged to Jeffry and Edward Haw- Estau< land, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock, was read a.Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blake, Mr.

Gwyn, Sir Edm. Seymour, Mr. Clerk, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. White, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Hancock, Sir Hen. Parker, Sir Cha.Hotham, Sir Rowland Gwyime, Six Barth.

Shore, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robei't Edon, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Freke, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Law-ther, Mr. Brotherton, Sir JVm. Thomas, Sir Tfu>. Travel!,

Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Offlty, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Vernon; and all that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Sale of Fish Fish tal within this Kingdom, taken by Foreigners in foreign Ves- Foreign sels, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Owners, Masters Duty or of Ships, and other Inhabitants of the ancient Coporation Coals, of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Duty of 5 s. per Chaldron upon Coals, shipped and landed in England, the Exportation and Navigation of Coal coast-wise is very much diminished; and the Collier Trade, from being the most flourishing Nursery of Sailors, will, by the Continuance of that Duty, be brought to low and contemptible Circumstances: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Master Gunner and Gunners of his Army Majesty's Fort and Garison of Sheemess, was presented Arreai to the House, and read; setting forth. That they are Seven Years in Arrear of Pay, and of Subsistence from the Second Day of December last; and have not had any Cloathing for above Eight Years; whereby they are reduced to very hard Circumstances, for want of Credit for the Support of themselves and Families: And praying the same may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom Regul the Bill for Regulating of Prisons, was committed, Thatl>Tm they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners fqr Debt Debt in the common Gaol for the County of Southampton, was Petit presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Case is harder than even those that are Felons for Murder, they being allowed Bread by the County Charge, and the Petitioners not one Morsel; whereby many of them die for Want, and no Notice taken thereof: And praying, That their Creditors may be compelled to take what the Petitioners have for their Satisfaction, that so they may be discharged to work for their Maintenance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petitions of the Prisoners in the Gaol in the City of Chester, and other Gaols, are referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Coa ascertaining the Measure of Sea-coal, according to the Measures used in London: And that Sir Edward Hussey ancLMr. Halford do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An

i° — 2° Martii.

G

12 W* III. Martti. 247

Clobeiy* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act bate. for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of John Clobery Esquire, deceased; and for raising Portions and Maintenance for his Children; was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

Butler'# An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate.* to enable Henry Butler Esquire, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in Lancashire, for Discharge of Incumbrances thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Da-. vers, Mr. Bright, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Kirkby,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hey sham, Sir Hen. Parker, Mr. Nezv-port, Sir IVm. Hustler, Mr. Offlcy, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Sir Tho Grosvenor, Mr. Philips, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Yates, Sir CA#. Windham, Mr. Laivther, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Osbourne, Mr. Mounstevem, Mr. Hancock, Mr. 2?/o- Mr. England\ Sir Robert Edont Mr. Whitch-cots, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Greenhill\ and all that serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

! Wjkr-mea- A Bill to ascertain Water-measure of Fruit, was read wre of Fruit, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Coc/i.v, Mr. Lowihcr, Sir iioA. Sir Hussey, Sir JZ/cA. Farrington, Sir Ja. Hobland, Mr. Clayton, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Hancock, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Cox, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Thurland, Sir Oara Buckingham, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Wynn, S\x Jacob Ashley, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Campion, Mr. Vernon; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a; Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Jostifts of Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

r Peace Quali* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

> to consider of the Bill for qualifying Justices of Peace.

Robinson's An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Manor of Overhall, i hute. and other Lands, in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, under the Age of One and twenty Years, in Trustees, for the raising 7,000l. for the Portion of Anne Robinson, his only Sister; and for the vesting the Lands, and personal Estate, of the said Anne, in the said Sir Thomas, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

v Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for charging the Estate of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, with 7,000l. for the Portion of Anne his Sister; and for settling her Estate upon the said Sir Thomas Robinson, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Commission- A Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, exa-wofAc- mjnCj an(j determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

States given Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to IjV$ Use|l* ^ouse a for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next. '

fag's Bench Ordered, That Mr. Pye, Mr. Herbert, be added to 1 uu the Committee to whom the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the Kings Bench Prison, and for Dissolution of the said Prison, is committed.

& ^destine A Bill for the more effectual preventing and punishing rw,e unlawful and clandestine Trading was read the First time. Vo*. 13.

Resolved, That the fiill be read a Second tithe upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Rowland Gwyme, according to Order, reported Aldborough from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the EUcuod. Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Aldborough, in the Couqty of York; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

That the Petitioner upon the Hearing, did not controvert the Election of Sir George Cook:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Sir Abstrupus Danby - 30

For the Petitioner - - -10

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That the Sitting Member's Votes were procured by Bribery: And called their Witnesses; viz.

William Pent it h said, That, about Three Weeks or a f Month before the Election, Sir Abstrupus Danby came to Aldborough, and sent for the Borough-men, and him amongst the rest; and told them, he had thought of a way to gratify the Town, if they w ould choose him Parliament*4 man; and that was, That he would give Two Loads of Coal to each Borough-man; and that he would send them Tickets, by which they should receive the same:

And accordingly he did receive a Ticket from one of Sir Abstrupus's Servants; who told him, They had been about to deliver Tickets to others; and accordingly he produced his Ticket, dated the 8th day of June, which, lie said, was a Week after the Date: He said, The Tickets were given only to Borough-men, and to them without Distinction: That afterwards it was noised about the Town, that this would be reckoned Bribery: And Mr. Johnson and Mr. Stavely, Two of Sir Abstrupus'9 Servants, desired his Ticket up again, because, they said, it might do their Master a Prejudice; but he refused to part with .:

That, about a Fortnight or Ten Days before the Election, Sir Abstrupus made use of his House to treat the Borough-men; and made use of his Fire and Candle; and he had of Mr. Johnson 21. 5s. for the same: But, after all, he said, he did not vote for Sir Abstrupus.

John Elly, Thomas Rawlins, Richard Smithson, all concurred in this, That Sir Abstrupus Danby was a Stranger to the Borough; but did, some time before the Dissolution of the last Parliament, come to Aldborough, and offer himself to serve for the said Borough in Parliament; and desired their Votes: And that Sir Abstrupus, upon that Occasion, told them, That he would give to every Borough-man, Two Load of Coal, and send them Tickets for them to go and receive the same: And accordingly, afterwards, he did send Tickets to all the Borough-men, having Votes, indifferently: And EUys Ticket was produced to the Committee, of the same Date with Pentithe s. None of the Witnesses could say, any Coals w ere delivered by virtue of the said Tickets; but said,

That some time after, and Ellys said, that io Days before the Election, Sir Abstrupus Danby, and his Servants, came to several Persons that had the Tickets, and told them, That it was feared those Tickets might do Sir Abstrupus a Diskindness; and therefore they desired the Tickets to be delivered up again; and told them, Sir Abstrupus w'ould do them as good a Kindness: And accordingly most of them were delivered up again; and neither Elly, Rawlins, nor Smithson, voted for Sir Abstrupus.

That which was particular in their Evidence was, Thomas Rawlins; who said, That Sir Abstrupus Danby told them, his House was upon the Road as they went for the Coals; and, if they would call there, they should have Entertainment as they went by:

And that Mr. Johnson, Sir Abstrupus s Steward, afterwards met him, and asked him to give his Vote for his Master; and pulled out an Handful of Money, and gave him 5$.; but he told the said Mr. Johnson he could not resolve him them: That, about a Fortnight before

the

248 20 Martii. 1699.

Aldborough the Election, he met Sir Abstrupus alone in the Street, Election. who said to him, I suppose my Man has given you 5 s.;

and, if you will vote for me, I will give you Five Pounds. ' Richard Smithson said, That he not being present with the rest, when Sir Abstrupus made the Promise to the Burgesses of giving them Two Loads of Coals apiece, the said Sir Abstrupus came to his House, and desired his Vote; and told him, He should have Two Load of Coals, and a Ticket to fetch them by; which he had: ‘But afterwards Sir Abstrupus came to his Wife, and desired it again, and had it: And, about 10 Days before the Election, Sir Abstrupus met him, and told him, He would make it twice as good to him; and that, if he would give him his Vote, he would give his Daughter a George,

That Stocsaker, an Attorney, the Sunday before the Election, came to him, and desired his Vote for Sir Ab-ptrnpus; and told him, In that Case he would bear all the Charges of a Suit at Law he was engaged in, whether he won or lost.

And the said Stocsaker pretended to read a Letter to him, from his Mother and Brother-in-law; in which it was said, That, if he would vote for Sir Abstrupus, it should be better than One hundred Pounds to him; and Rawlins and Smithson said, That the said Mr. Stocsaker used to be much in Company with Sir Abstrupus, when he was in Town.

JVm. Pentith and Fra. Barraby said, That Mr. Morris, the Vicar of Aldborough, told them, He had offered Four Burgesses, who they named, but differed in their Evidence as to one of the Persons, to Mr. Tankrcd, if the said Mr. Tankrcd would give him 40 Pounds; Morris telling Pentith, That Mr. Tankrnl had put him to so much Charges in a Law-suit: But Mr. Tankrcd would not queept of him upon the said Terms; and went away angry from him.

Mr. Barraby said, That Mr. Morris made the same Proposal, touching the said Four Votes, for Mr. Ar-thington, who was also a Candidate.

And these Men being found in Sir Abstrupus s Poll, the Petitioners Counsel inferred, That Money was given for those Votes by Sir Abstrupus.

Rawlins also testified, That Mr. TVomble came to him, and desired his Vote for Sir Abstrupus; and told him, It w ould be kindly taken by the Lady Wentworth; and that he voted for Sir George Cook and Mr. Tankrcd; and had Notice to quit his Farm that he held of the Lady Went-worth; and George Lawton and JVm. Painter, who held Tw o other Farms under the said Lady, had likewise Notice, as he was told, to quit their Farms: But the said Rawlins could not say, these Notices proceeded from their voting in the said Election; only, he said, He believed it was so, because he knew no other Reason for it.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel, as to the Point of delivering the Tickets for Coals, called

Mr. Robert Stately: Who said, That he, on the 9th of June, did deliver to each Borough-man a Ticket for Two Wain-loads of Coals, with this Caution, That they should fetch them before the Dissolution of the Parliament; and . that, upon the delivering out of the Tickets, nobody was asked for their Votes, nor nobody promised them: That the last Parliament being near, in point of Time, to be dissolved, and no Coals having been delivered, it was thought it might be dangerous to let than continue out; and thereupon he called for the said Tickets; all which, except Six or Eight, were delivered ' up voluntarily, without any Promise of doing any thing in lieu of them; and all but Two of them signed a Note to make no Use of them, the Borough-men being willing no Prejudice should come to Sir Abstrupus Danby, and the *Town, by them.

Robert Turton said, That the Tickets for Coals were delivered out on the 8th of June; and he was present at the Delivery of them; and there was no Vote then asked, nor mention made of the Election: That no Coals were delivered by virtue of the said Tickets; and that they were called in again before the Dissolution of the last Parliament.

Mr. Thomas Johnson denied, That he ever gave Raw-

lins any Money upon the Account of the Election; but said, The 5«y. was given him on the 24th of May, for 1,5 Medals of old Coin which Rawlins had presented his Master with.

That Sir Abstrupus Danby treated the Borough-men at Pentys House, the 24th of June; and for the Use of his House, Linen, Fire, and Hay, by him then found, he, the said Mr. Johnson, did pay him Five and forty Shillings, which, at that time, the said Penty did think but indifferent Pay; and that he, the said Mr. Johnson, at that time, did not mention his voting to the said Pentyt nor knew that he had any Vote. - j

Rawlins, being called to confront Mr. Johnson, to that Point of Evidence touching the said Mr. Johnsons giving him 5 s. denied that ever he gave any Medals to Mr.

Johnson; but he gave them to one of Rippon: And at first, he said, That the said Person of Rippon did not pay him for them, but Mr. Johnson did: But, being asked again to that Matter, he said, Mr. Johnson told him, when he gave him the 5 s. That it was not for those Me* dais: Yet the said Rawlins acknowledged, That he had no Consideration for the said Medals.

As to Richard Smithson; it was opened by the Sitting Member's Council, That he had been guilty of Sheepstealing, and a Man of no Reputation: And they called Richard Scruton, who began his Evidence with relation to that Matter; but he was interrupted by the Petitioner's Counsel objecting to it, as not being proper Evidence, without shewing that the said Richard.....son was convicted for the same.

Richard Scruton said, That Rawlins, at the Election of Knights of the Shire at York, did swear, That he had 40 s. a Year Freehold; and that he, or his Father, never had any Freehold.

Mr. Robert Smithson, and Mr. John Brough, said, That Thomas Rawlins and Richard Smithson were Men of bad Reputation.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Abstrupus Danby Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough in the County of York.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Abstrupus Danby Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York.

Sir Rowland Gwynnc, according to Order, also report- Corf Castle ed, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Electioru Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Corf Castle, in the County of Dorset; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the-.same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in such as have an Estate of Inheritance, or Freehold, or a Lease for Years, determinable upon Life or Lives, paying Scotland Lot.

That, upon the Mayor's Poll, there w as,

For Mr. Fownes - - - 61.

For Mr. Culliford 53.

But the Petitioner's Council complained of great Partiality in the Mayor:

And insisted, That they would add to their Poll 19, who had voted at the last Election; and Seven others, whose Title accrued since:

That, as to the Partiality of the Mayor, the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses; viz.

Nicolas Cobb: Who said, That Mr. Dackomb, who w'as Mayor at the time of the Election, asked him for his Vote for Mr. Fownes before the Election; and that the said Cobb saying, He had no Reason so to do, because the not voting for him before was the Occasion of the Loss of his Work, the said Mr. Dackombc promised him his Work again if hb Would vote at this Election for Mr. Fownes;

and

12 W. III. 2° Martii.

249

and told him further, That, if he the said Cobb wanted Money, though himself was streighteuedfor Money at that time, he would pay him a Guinea in part of a Debt hfe owed him; which accordingly he received: But he did not acknowledge, That before he had threatened to arrest the Mayor for his Money. He also said further, That, Three Days before the Election, the said Mr. Dackomb went about from House to House, to solicit Votes for Mr. Fownes; and that, the Night before the Election, he was at the Ship; and Mr. Fownes and Mr. Dackomb came in, and asked, Who was above ? To which was answered, Mr; Culliford and Mr. Rose: And thereupon the said Mr. Dacombe said, That it Mr. Fownes had but Five Votes on the Morrow, he would return him: That this was spoke by Mr. Dacombe, over his Shoulder, to Mr. Fownes; who replied nothing to it. The said Cobb acknowledged, That Mr. Fownes promised him nothing for his Vote; and that he voted for Mr. Cullfoi'd; and had none of the said Dackomb'& Work since.

JVm. Furzman said, That he voted for Mr. Culliford; but that Mr. Dackombe the Mayor came to him twice, and asked him his Vote for Mr. Fownes; but he told the said Mr. Dackombe, He could not: Whereupon the said Mr. Dackombe said, That if Mr. Cullfoi'd had 100 Votes more than Mr. Fownes, he would return Mr. Fownes.

George Gould said, That he was present at the Taking of the Poll: That he took Notice, that his Father was at first called to vote, and voted for Mr. Culliford; and, though the Mayor knew him to be a good Vote, he would not let him vote without shewing his Deeds, which he was forced to ride 10 Miles for; and that Mr. Dackombe the Mayor then set down his Name, without looking into the Deeds.

George Gould, Mr. N. Smith said, That after the Poll was over, Mr. Culliford telling the said Mr. Dackomb, That he had the Majority of Votes, and therefore desired of the said Mr. Dackombe, That he might be returned, Mr. Dackombe answered, What if you have? It's no matter for that: I will return Mr. Fownes.

And Solomon had received Bread. Corf castle

Roberts*nd Brown were allowed by the Sitting Meui- Election, ber's Counsel.

As to the rest, the Evidence was as follows:

Solomon 's Lease was produced before the Committee; which was, of a Cottage, end Piece of Ground thereto belonging, for his Life.

Roe'b Lease was also produced; which was for Life; but no Livery of Seisin indorsed.

Cornell's Deed was produced; which was 6f & Garden-plot in Fee; and Seisin indorsed.

John Hayxciird's Deed was for his natural Life; and Seisin indorsed.

Ant. Furzman s Deed was produced; which was to him in Fee; but no Seisin indorsed.

James Thomson's Deed was produced; which was for Lives; but no Livery indorsed.

As to Thomas Chub, they produced a Lease, for Years determinable on Lives, to Giles Cobb: And it was said,

That Thomas Chub married Cobb's Daughter, who was intitled to the said Lease.

As to the rest of the 19, the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses; viz,

Mr. N. Smith: Who said, That Devoid Hibbs married Elias Hayward's Daughter and Heir; which Hayzcard was intitled to a Meadow in Corf Castle, worth about 4/. a Year, and had voted for it 20 Years; and, since his Death, the said Hibbs was in possession of it: That he believed, that Hibbs claimed only under a Lease for Yedrs; but he said, That the said Hibbs did pay to Church and Poor:

That he was one of Rich, Painters Administrators, and sold to Robert Beer an Estate for Fourscore Years, if one Life should continue so long: And that the said Robert Beer paid to Church and Poor:

That John Dolling voted at the Election in August was Twelve-months, and was allowed then: That he was his Father's eldest Son; but could not say, whether he or his Mother was in Possession.

Mr. N. Smith said, That Mr. Daclcombt said, If a Man voted for Mr. Culliford', though he lived a great Way off, he would make him fetch his Deeds.

Mr. N, Smith and Mr. John Goodwin said, That the Mayor was very partial in polling, particularly in this; That though one Frost, who had Lands which were bought of the Mayor, and made over to him Three Months before the Election, yet the Mayor denied him his Vote; saying, He knew he had a Vote; but h3 should not pass then, though he should at another time.

Mr. John Goodwin further said, That he took the Poll for Mr. Culliford by the Approbation of Mr. Dackombe, the then Mayor: And that Mr. Culliford, after the Poll was over, desired him to cast up the Poll: Which he did; and found there was 78 for Mr. Culliford, and 59 for Mr. Fownes: Whereupon Mr. Culliford said, That he, having the Majority, expected to be returned: And Mr. Dackombe said, No matter for that; he would return Mr. Fownes: And that Mr. Culliford desired a Scrutiny; and the Mayor denied it; saying, There was no Occasion for it Mr. John Glover delivered in the Mayor's Poll; in which the Numbers were as above; only there were Three Queries entered, as to Three of Mr. Culliford's Voters. That the Petitioner's Counsel then proceeded to the justifying of the 19, which they alleged had voted at the former Election, and were now refused: And Mr. Robert Culliford, Mr. N, Smith, said. That they were present at the Election in August was Twelve-month, at which there was the strictest Scrutiny that ever they saw* in their Lives, by all the Four Candidates.

That the Names of the 19 were as follow: Simon Brown, John Hayzvard, Thomas Chub, Thomas Roberts, John Dolling, IVm. Speck, David Hibbs, JVm, Randyll, Tho. Par git, Robert Beer, Ben, Tom, Sam. Senell, John Solyman alias Burges, JVm. Snook, JVm. Long, Rob. Roe junior, Ant. Furzman, JVm. Cornell, Jam. Thompson; but it was allowed, that Randy ll, Toms, and Snook, received Alms. Vol. 13.

Mr. N. Smith, Mr. Rob. Row, said, That JVm. Long had an Estate of Freeland of 40 s. a Year, given to him by his Grandfather; and voted in August was 12 Months for Mr. Bancks and Mr. Fownes.

Mr. Rob. Row said, That he was present when Speck bought a Tenement of Thomas Randyll, and paid for it; and that that Tenement had always been voted for.

That, about 10 or 11 Years ago, Thomas Pargit bought a Freehold Lease of a Tenement of JVm. Normani and he has enjoyed it ever since.

Mr. N. Smith said, That Sam. Senell had a Lease for 80 Years, if he lives so long, of a House which he bought of Mr. Hay ter; and voted in August was 12 Months for Mr. Banks and Mr. Clavell; and Senell was taxed at id.

As to the Seven others that tendered themselves for the Petitioner, whose Title accrued since the last Election; their Names were as follow:

John Frost, Sam. Presly, John Sumers, Fran. Alford, John Bythewood, Lewis Cockram, John Hari'is.

As to John Frost; there was no Lease produced; but Mr. N. Smith said, That John Frost's Father bought an Estate of Mr. Dackombe the Mayor; and that, about Three Months before the Election, he made the Assignment of the Estate from his Father to him, and the Deed was offered in Court; but Mr. Dackombe told him he should not vote in this Election: It w as acknowleged, That the said Frost had not the Estate long enough to pay Church and Poor.

George Gould said, That he was present when John Frost offered to poll for Mr. Cull ford; and the then Mayor said, He knew him to be a good Vote, and he should pass the next time.

Thomas Sumers said, That James Sumers had 51, or 6/. a Year Freehold Land.

And they produced a Conveyance to Margaret Fry, in Fee, with Seisin, and Margaret Frye's Will, by which S s s it

250

Corf Castle it was alleged it was given to James Sumer's Mother,

Election. whose Heir he was. 4

Roue said, That John Bythewood had 20/. a Year; but he did not know his Title.

John Goodwyn said, That Bythewood's Father did vote 20 Years ago, for the same Estate his Son has, for Sir Nath. Napper; but he could not say whether Bythewood paid to Church and Poor, having been out of Town sometimes: Cut, being further interrogated, he could not say whether it was Land or Houses. But,

Furzman and Cka. Clarke said, That Bythewood had his Fathers Estate, which was 20/. a Year; and that he had paid the King's Tax, and all Duties but to Church and Poor: And Furzman said, That his Father had voted in former Elections.

As to John Harris; they produced a Conveyance to , his Mother for Life, and an Assignment thereof from

John Brookes to the said Harris: There is no Livery indorsed; but Mr. Smith said, That the said Brookes married Harris his Mother, and she was living.

Sam Preslys Deed was produced; which is a Lease for Lives; but no Livery indorsed.

Francis Aldford's Deed was produced; which was for an Estate for Lives.

Lewis Coch'am was not insisted upon by the Petitioners Counsel, being owned to be only a Trustee.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel applied themselves to their Exceptions to the Sitting Member's Voters; and excepted to Twelve in Number; viz. Mr. John Browne, Richard Fozvnes, Mr. Etterick, # Speer, Mr. Russell, Tho. Webber, Mr. W. Bolton, Wm. Butler, Mr. R. Bolton, Jos. Marsh, St. Loe, Ch. Savadge. The Exception to Mr. John Brown was not insisted on; he being mistaken for another of the same Name.

The following Four were excepted to, as being Trustees only of an Estate settled on Winbourne for Charity; and that Fact was admitted by the Sitting Member's Counsel; but they insisted, They were not thereby disqualified to vote.

Mr. Richard Frnnes his Vote was not insisted on by the Sitting Member's Counsel.

Mr. N Smith saic\, That St. Loe had no Estate, that ever he heard of: That he did not pretend to any at the Election; but said, He voted as the Mayor's Guardian. Mr. J. Goodwin said, That St. Loe had no Estate.

Mr. N. Smith said, That Savage does not pretend to pay; but pretended to a Vote by virtue of an Act of Parliament, as a Trustee for Sir John Hannams Estate; which was sold long before the Election.

That Speer had no Lease; and does not pay to Church and Poor; and never voted before.

That the House and Garden that Thomas Webber voted for are not above 20s. a Year; and he and his Landlord voted for it; and both were for Mr. Foumes.

As to Wm. Butler\ That his Brother Benfeild voted for the same Estate; and that he does not pay to Church and Poor: And that Jos. Marsh is reported to have bought a little Thing, but does not pay; and the Witness did believe, That no Conveyance of the Estate was made at the time of the Hearing by the Committee.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel were heard by way of Reply; which was to justify Mr. Ddckomb, the then Mayor, against the Accusation of partial Proceedings. And, as to his Refusing of Votes offered for the Petitioner; they also took Exception to Three polled for the Petitioner.

As to the Carriage of the Mayor; the Sitting Member's Counsel called Mr. John Moreton and Mr. Ogden; who said, That the Mayor carried himself very fair in the said Election: And Mr. Ogden said, That Mr. Culliford's own Counsel owned it; but that Mr. Culliford made short Speeches, and aspersed the Gentlemen; which incited the Mob to make a Noise: And that they abused Colonel Strangewayes, Mr. Freke, and others.

That Two or Three offered their Votes to the Sitting Member; but Mr. Dackombe, the then Mayor, said,

A. 1699.

Those Votes were made since the last Election, and he would not allow of them; and that the first who were refused offered themselves for the Sitting Member.

Robert Webber said, That he knew David Hibbs; and that he had no Estate in the Borough, the Estate being his Wife's Mother's, who paid Taxes for it:

That what Estate Robert Beer had, came to him by the Death of Mr. Painter, which was sold to him by Painters Administrators; and, though he had the Estate before the Election, he did not pay to Church and Poor till after the Election:

That John Solomon had Bread every Sunday, and has received Alms several times Seven Years ago, and since; and particularly in the Year of the Election; not constant, but occasionally upon Sickness:

That Robert Rowe had a Freehold; but it was not above \2d. a Year:

That he knew of no Estate for Life, or Years determinable upon Life, that Wm. Camell had; and that Jer-voise Browne was in possession, and paid the King's Taxes. As to John Hayward; he could not speak.

That John Dollin had no Estate, but the Right was in his Mother.

As to Wm. Long; he could not speak.

That Antony Furzman s Father was always rated for the Thing he pretends to; and that Antony Furzman was not in Possession.

It was acknowledged, That James Thompson had a Freehold Lease from the Churchwardens.

That Thomas Chub declared himself, That he had no Right to vote; having sold his Lease to Henry Speer before the Election.

As to Wm. Speck and Thomas Par git; he could not speak. That Sam. Senell had nothing to vote for; but that the Right was in Hay ter, who had a Lease from the Corporation, and voted.

As to the Seven whose Right, it was alleged, accrued since the last Election;

Robert Webber said only to Three of them; viz. James Summers, John Bythewood, and John Harris: And said, That James Summers had no Estate; for that the Land was his Mother's, and his Father was living, and in Possession: That John Bythewood had a Chattel Lease within the Liberty; but paid Scotland Lot to Studland:

That John Harris's Mother had the first Life in the Estate, and was in Possession.

As to some of the Nineteen and Seven, not spoke to by Webber; viz. John Hayward, Wm. Long, Thomas Pargit, and John Frost, the Sitting Member s Counsel examined

George White: Who said, That John Hayward did not pay to Church and Poor, and had no Freehold:

As to Wm. Long; That Saunders declared before the Committee, this time Twelvemonth, That the Estate was made over 4.0 him in respect of a Bastard Child; and that he was in Possession, and pays Scotland Lot:

As to Thomas Pargit; That Wm. Norman was in Possession of the whole Thing, and paid Taxes for it; though Pargit pretended to Part:

That Frost's Estate was but a Chattel Lease, and bought just before the Election; and he had not then paid to Church and Poor.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel then proceeded to justify their own Votes: And White said, That the Trustees for Winbourn Charity have all of them voted for 20 Years; and were allowed, except at Serjeant Bond's Election, when they were objected to.

Mr. Richard Fcrwnes was given up by the Sitting Member's Counsel.

White said, As to Edward Speer, he had formerly produced his Deeds, and has a Freehold in Right of his Wife; and voted in August was Twelve-months.

Mr. Humphreys said, That Mr. Savage produced the Copy of an Act, which was shewed to Mr. Cull ford's Counsel; and he was allowed to have an Estate in Fee.

Richard

26 Martii.

o

J2 W. III. 2° — 4°

Richard Jones said. That St. Leo had a Freehold, and was in Possession: But it was acknowleged, That he was a Trustee:

That Joseph Marsh bought a Freehold Estate of one

Sleigh:

That Wm. Butler has had a Freehold Lease from his Father these Two Years:

That Thomas Webber has a Freehold between him and another:

As to Speck; That he being asked by Jones to assign his Lease, for Security of Money he desired to borrow of Jones, declared, His Lease was in Mr. Cull ford's Hands.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel then took Exception to Three that voted for the Petitioner: And

Richard Jones said, That Edward Toop junior had no Estate in Corf; it being his Mother's Inheritance:

That he does not know that Robert Gentile hath any thing in Corf; and that he never voted in any former Election:

As to Robert Symonds; That he never knew of any Estate he had till last Election; and then he pretended to have bought an Estate of his Brother; but he shewed no Deeds.

And the Will of John Symonds was read.

That the Petitioner's Counsel, to justify the said Three Votes, called Mr. Smith: Who said, That he knew Gentile, and the Ground he votes for, and paid him Rent for it; and that it was a Freehold of about 5$. a Year.

That Edward Toop had a Piece of Land, within the Borough, of 10s. a Year: And that there was not a better Voice in Corf than John Symonds.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Townes Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corf Castle, in the County of Dorset.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Fornies Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle, in the County of Dorset.

Spences in The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Electious. Consideration the Act made in the Seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the Petition of Ednmnd Soame Esquire was again read.

And the said Act was read.

And Mr. Sloane attending, according to Order;

He was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the Construction of the said Act, upon Mr. Shanes being again chosen and returned for the Borough of Thetford;

And the Question being put, That the said Mr. Shane be capable of serving in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[: ] 112*

Tellers for the N0es,g}j; mTn: }144>

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of Mr. Soame be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

JHn Ma- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-^acturea. njght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for taking away the Duties on Woollen Manufactures exported.

Martii. 251

Ordered, That the Petitions and Reports from the Seamen's Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commis- Arrears* sioners of the Navy, touching Q's and R's, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Bill do resume the Grants of all Supply Bill; Lands, and other Revenues of the Crown, since the ^fe^on 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bone-lace, whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating to the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of foreign

Bone-lace was.....be made upon Wednesday Morning

next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight a Clock. 12

Luna, 4° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of Captain Mark Cazalet was pre- Half-pay. sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was in the Commission of Lieutenant in 1688, and was afterwards made a Captain; but, upon some Difference with his Colonel, he was obliged to quit his Commission in 1697, after having spent 2,000l. in his said Service; and that there is due to him above 300l. for Arrears: And praying to be put upon the List of Half-pay, till he shall be paid his Arrears.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Mr. Rayner, according to Order, presented to the Bourges, &c. House a Bill to naturalize John Bourges, and others; Nat-And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Aldworth at- CrowuLand* tended, according to Order;

He was called in: And, at the Bar, presented to the House a Copy of his Memorial, directed by the House*

And then withdrew.

And the Title of the said Memorial was read:

And the said Memorial is as followeth; viz.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

Upon the Decease of Mr. Auditor Phelips, your Lordships being pleased to refer the Accounts of that District to my Examination, I did, in order thereunto, receive from Mr. Marriot, the said late Auditor's Deputy, pursuant to your Lordships Commands, sundry Books of Inrollment, Records, Accounts, and Papers, relating to that Office; and, amongst the rest, the Accounts of Mr.

Smith, as Receiver of Norfolk and Huntingdon for Six Years, ended at Michaelmas 1686, declared by Sir John Ernie, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, 8° Decembris 1688.

And, upon the Perusal of the Account for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1681, a true Copy whereof is hereunto annexed, I find discharged not only divers Rents within the said Counties alleged to be sold, and amounting to 391 /. 9 s. per Annum; but also the Sum of 2,725 /.

17s. 8 id. Part of the Arrears in the preceding Account depending; for that they are alleged to be sold, as by a Schedule thereof.

Now the Accounts of this Revenue for sundry preceding Years, from whence these Arrears are brought,

were

4° Martii. 1699.

25a

were not delivered to me; neither is there any Rental, or Particular of the said Rents: And, this being the First Account of the said Mr. Smith, h® avers, he can say nothing to the Rents and Arrears thus discharged; nor does he know where the preceding Accounts are.

And Mr. Marriott says the same.

To supply which Defect, I have taken a great deal of Pains, from the last Accounts and Records in my Custody, to draw out the Particulars of all the Rents in Charge before the Year 1660, hereunto annexed; taking notice of all such as appeared to be sold by Deeds inrolled in the aforesaid Office, of what is Parcel of the Queen Dowager's Jointure, and of those which Mr. receives at this

Day; for the respective Tenants to answer by what Warrant they pay the Remainder of the said Rents to any other Person than the Receiver; which will be chargeable and vexatious; and yet seems necessary to be done, unless your Lordships will allow the said 391 I. 9s. per Annum, and the said Arrears of 2,725/. 17$. 8 to be taken from the Crown by Allegation: Besides there are a great many other Accounts wanting, and several Leaves cut out of One of the Books of Inrollment; and, in another Book, some Leaves are sewed in: Which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships Consideration.

IVm. Aldwortfu

to* Martii 1696.

Declaratio

o

f.

- Comitnt*

Norfolk' et Hunting' Arrerag'

Declaratio comp' Johannis Smith, gen' receptor' general' raven* domini Regis infra com' praed' pro uno anno integro, finit'ad fest' S. Michaelis Archangeli, anno R. Regis") 23*'*, 1681

C]aroH sprnnrli trwv*iimn fprtin '

Caroli secundi tricesimo tertio.

Ipsius computan' in pede comp' anno prajceden' nil; quia primus comp' pcnden' supr' divcrsis person', ut in pede^ ultim' comp' in anno praeceden' ----- ----- -- ~3

c. 1. s. d. c. xx. 1. s. d. azt c-1. s. d.

azt azt viu 1111 xvii vu x

> iii iii lxxii xi xi obq.

Reven'

Norfolc'..... ----- -- -7 iii iiii xiiii vi

Huntington' - -- - -jclxx ix vii obq.

iiii lxxv iiii i obq.

f Johanni Smith gen', receptor Feod' Et ei, pro expensis tempor' audit'

Allocation' J Perpet' pension' hoc anno 3olut' -et j Procuration' et synodal'

Solution' Prtecept' & proclamation'

Feod' un' nunc pro quing; ann'

Iiii vi viii xx xvii xii xvi ii iii vi vii xii x

Et remanet

cxviii xix vi

iii ii Iiii xii v obq. c. xx. 1. s.

Inde exonerant' hie diversis redd' in com' Norfolc' hoc anno vendit', ut allegatur, ccxxxv xiiii vi obq.7 in xj jx

Et consil mil. reddit' in coinitat' Huntin' hoc anno vendit', ut allegatur, - -- civ xiiii qo

Et tunc remanet ——

He quibus exoneratur hie de parte arrerag' in anno pra:ceden' penden eo quod allegantur vendi per schedul') eandem attingen' ad sum' ——

Et rem' ultra,

c CDiversis person' pro redd'insolut' ad fest. Sancti Michaelis Archangeli 1680. clxxil. xs. id. qs. cum")

£ xxxiiiii. vis. qs. de. exit' hujus ann' insolut' penden' - -)

1pm'comput'pro denar'in manibus reman'nil, quia habet super plus -

Declaratu' viii° die Deccmbris i<3$S.

azt. c. 1. s. d. ii viii lxii iii v obq.

- azt azt vii xxv xvii viii obq.

11 v

xvi i ob.

lxix x iiii ob.

*7

cn

Stated and examined per J. Phclips, Audit.

J. Ernie.

13 W. III. 4°

A. i

254

The late Priory of Horesham:

Divers Lands and Tenements in the City of) Norwich - c - - - )

A Tenement there, late Richard Walkers A Tenth reserved for divers Lands and Te-7 nements there - - - - J

The Spital-house in St. Stephens Parish there A Tenth for the Rectory of Houghton -The like for the Manor of Righborrough The Alms-house in Noncich, sold per) Mayor, &c. - - - 3

The Rectories of All Saints, St. George A and St. Martin's - - - - 3

The Manor of Horsham and Westrudam 4

The Manor of Cley o

The Rectory of Reynshall o

The Rectory of Barwick o

The late Priory of Carmve:

A Tenth out of the said Priory, late the") Lady May's - - - 3

The like, late Edward Day's o

The late Priory of Bromeholme:

Rents of Assize, of the free and customary-) Tenements of the Manor of Northreppsy The like in Winterton -

Eastsomerton Bromedale -

Dilham -Hempsted -Moundesloive , -Redlington -

And Emmingham -

A Pension out of Crostwaite Rectory -The like out of the Rectories of Ridlington Hedingham - -

JValcot -

Barton -

Knapton -Alder t on

Bromcszvellj Dallinghoe,

And Horeham Tenths reserved out of the Manor of WorA

stead.....3

Out of the Site of the Manors of BromoA holme, Eastwick, Barton, and Winton, > and Rectory of Eastwick - - - j

Out of the Manor of Northwalstham -Out of the Manor of Knapton And out of the Rectory of Paston A Tenth reserved out of the late Priory of) Beeston.....3

The late Priory of Hempton:

The Site of the said late Priory -Lands in Thest&'ton and Rainham The Manor of Worstead -

Lands in Little Frauncham -Lands in Mileham -

The late Priory of JVaybridge:

A Tenth of the said Priory The like out of the late Priory of Wayborn

The late Priory of Thetford Cannons:

The Site, late the Earl of Arundcll's A Tenement called Clenches Lands in Moulton, late Sir Richard Hicham's Lands in Foulden, Downham, Metll-wold, Westdelfe, and Heceningham, late John Moptide's - 1 5f / - o

Lancelot Watson's - - 1 6

And John Findall's - - 1 8

40 Martii.

In the County of Norfolk:

In Suffolk

I. s. d.

7 5 9

006

0 12 9 I

060

060

g 31 Sold to Joseph Hornchy, et al,' 29" Aug. 1672. 060

008

4, 4$ Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2* August 72.

£ s. d.

t ® r ‘094

8 o

9 4

2 8

4

xo

Sold to the said George Hadleyi 2° Aug. 72*

0 17 11*

0 11 4

0 0 11

0 4 0

0 0 7i

0 3 0

0 1 8

0 4 6

0 1 8

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 4 0

0 13 4

0 8 4

0 6 8

0 10 0

0 1 0

0 2 0

0 S 0

0 7

5 7 6

0 3 11

0 3 iif

0 10 7

1 00 0

2 0 8f

0 4 2*

0 6 8

0 0 5

0 0 8|

0 9 4

1 18 6

1 11 8

0 0 7*

0 2 7

) 4 74-

8 6 Sold to Sir John Bennet, 30° July 1673-

8 Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, 3o° July 73*

O 2 7

o 4 7*

The

I 2 W. III.

The late Priory of Blackborrow:

A Portion of Tythes in Nortfa'unton, called*) Notely Farm - -y

The like in Wetherdon in Suffolk, late the^ Rectors - - -5

Rents of Assize in Congham, Gvimsted\ al\ in Norfolk and Suffolk - -3

Lands in Northclenchwharton, late Richard} le Stranges -3

The Rectory of Middleton -Two Parcels of Marsh or Pasture in South-> Lynne

The Site and Demesne Lands of the said^ late Priory -3

The late Priory of Langley:

The Manor and Rectory of Rockland The Manor of Kirby Bedon -The Manor of Poringland The Manor of Recking ham, sold per Jo) Duke - -And William Friske Marsh Lands called Kennisholme

The late Priory of Pentney:

The Rectory of Kettmngham -The Manor of Ashwoocl in Pentney -The Manor of Graces in Narborough The Rectory of Wlutwell Lands in Wiggenhall -Lynne -And Sottesham -The Manor of Aleswythorp The Rectory of Pentney The Rectory of Billfiey -The Manor of West Billney The Manor of Worstede -Lands belonging to the late Priory < Hickling - -

The late Priory of Bynneham:

The Site and Demesnes there -The Manor of Bazney -The Manor of Darsingham The Rectory of Darsingham -The Manor of JVeils -

The Manor of Gunthorpe

The late Priory of Campesscy:

The Manor of Tottington The Rectories of Scorston and Tunstead I^nds in Upxvell -

The late Priory of Flirt on:

The Rectory of Funhall -Lands in Northcreeke

The late Priory of Rerringfleet: Lands in Rcvingham and Tofts

The late College of Rerringby:

The Manor of Barton Buriall

The Site -

Divers Parcels of Meadow, Pasture Marsh in Marsh-lands Divers other Parcels there at Will -A Fishery and Fishing in Relgay Fourdham -Lands, Tenements, et al\ in Weston Fifty Acres of Lands in the Fiek Holkeham -

Lands in Riston exchanged The Rectory of Hunstone The Manor of 0wborough VOL. 13.

40 Martii.

255

Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, 30* July 1673.

£ s. d.

200

13 4 1 4 8

400

500 Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, ut supra. 080

139- a a ». a m

£. s. d. 1 3 9

- 0 11 1*

- 0 3 H

- 0 2 71

1 0 31

- 0 13 0

" 1 4 0

0 10 0

- 2 9 6f

- 1 5 7

- 0 2 8

- 2 0 0

- 1 3 4i

- 0 1 8

- 6 0 0

- 0 2 n*

- 0 8 ii*

- 2 10 0

- 0 9 4

'3 33 6 8

6 6 2

- 2 9 1

- 1 11 3*

- 1 12 0

- 0 6 9

- 1 0 6

3 1 0

- 0 9 6

0 9 1

0 6 8

- 0 2 6

- 0 2 2

- 0 12 4*

'll

- 2 6 5

-} 2 9 1

2 10 11

di 1 5 0

0 10 0

'3 1 13 0

- 0 6 8

- 0 13 4

- 3 6 8

Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, utantea.

8 Sold to George Hadley Esquire, 2ia Aug. 72.

Sold to the said Geo. ut antea.

1 o 6

091

Sold to the said Sir John Betinet, 30° Julii 1673.

Thq

256

4° Mar

A1699

The late Priory of Westacre:

The Manor of Goodwick The Manor of Mareham The Manor of Fraunceham The Manor and Rectory of Rowdham Tythes in Necton -

The late Priory of Walsingham:

The Manor of Righborough The Manor of Northcrecke The Manor of Spareham The Tythes of the said late Priory of Wal~l

singham.....)

Lands in Foillsham - - 4-

The Manor of Moorhall in Saul

The Monastery of Shouldam:

The Manor of Darsingham The Manor of Wolverton The Rectory of St. Michael's Fincliam Lands in Carbrooke -The Manor and Rectory of Cavenham Lands in Carleton, late Wm. Thompsons Heirs -

Lands in Fincham, late Tho. Gibsons) Heirs -

Lands in Wigenhall, late John Wayne- mans — - - - 5

A Tenement there, late Thomas Gilbins -Lands and Tenements there, late Thomas\ Elding s -

Lands there, late William Shrosse's -The like, late Wcestbroke s -The like, late John Hamond's -The like, late Robert Forcet's -The like, late John Price's -

The late College or Chapel in the Fields of Noncich:

The Rectory of Felldalling The Rectory of Eston -The Manor anil Rectory of Bozvthorpe The Manor of Eston -The Manor of Baborrough Lands belonging to the late Friers of Black- *) ney Priory - - - -3

► Lands of the late Friers of Burneham Of the'labe Carmelite Friers in Norwich Of the late Preaching Friers there -Of the late Preaching Friers in Yarmouth Of the lesser Friers of Yarmouth Of the Preaching Friers in Thetfoi'd Of the Augustine Friers in Thetford The Hospital of St. Giles near Nonvich The Manor of Soiithery near St. Edmunds-bury -

A Tenement and Land in North Lynne The Manor of Aglesham The Manor of Tilteshall The Manor of Abbotts-Thorpe

The late College of Mcttingham: The Manor of Linge -The Manor of Bumcell and Howhall

The late Monastery of Waltham: The Rectory of Gaysthorpe The Rectory of Scarninge Lands in Gaisthuaite - , -

The late Monastery of Ramsey: The Manor of Brancaster The Manor of Ringstede The Manor of Popenhoe The Cell of Afodncy -The Manor of Wimbotsham The Manor of Woodhaw in Hclgay -

£ d.

2 3 0

0 8 0

0 3 8

1 6 4

0 5 4

4 7 1

1 8 3

0 4 0

0 2 0

0'8 0

0 17 41

0 6 0

0 10 0

2 0 0

0 16 n

3 17 11

0 2 0

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 1 4

0 5 0

0 0 6

0 2 4

0 0 8

0 5 0

0 19 8

0 4 8

0 19 2£

0 16 0

0 5 3

0 3 4£

0 3 8

0 4 0

0 9 0

0 1 8

0 1 6*

0 0 51

- 0 1 104.

9 0 0

; 1 4 8

1 6 9

2 15 8i

- 4 6 5*

- 1 12 8

- 4 16 10

-416 5i

- 0 7 4

- 0 4 2

-02 0

- 4 4 10^-

- 2 6 0

- 2 9 5

- 0 4 4

- 1 3 0

- l 14 8

Sold to Sir John Bennet, 30° July 1673.

Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, ut supra.

Sold to Sir John Bennet, 30° July 1673.

Sold to Joseph Hornby, et al', 29* Aug. 72. Sold to Hornby, et al'y ut supra.

Part of the Queen Dowager's Jointure.

Sold to Sir John Bennet, 1G0 Junii 1673.

Sold to Sir John Bennet, 30° Julii 1673.

Sold to Sir John Barnet, 30° July 1673.

Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, ut supra.

4* Marti.

25 9

12 W. III.

The late Carthusiam House near London.

The Manor of Westfield -

Tenths of the late Preceptory of Carbi'ooke

The Site of the late College of Thompson;)

the Manors, of Thompson, Breadcar,

Tenths of the Lands and Possessions of the,) late College of Castleacre - - 3

The Manor of Thorpe - -

The Possessions of the late Monastery of)

Thetford.....3

The Manor and Rectory of Benhall and") Fordham - - - - 3

The Dean and Chapter for the Lands of 7 Norwich Cathedral - - - 3

The Manor of Brettenham -The Manor of Larlingforth

Lands late Sir Richard Southwell's. The Manor of Luton Gesse -The Manor of Thornham -The Manor of Thorntdge -The Manor of Sprawstone -The Manor of BUnvfield -The Manor of Beighton -

1

2

5

12

5 5

44 19

5 2

11

Lands late Charles Duke of Suffolk's. The Hundred of Shropham - - -10

Lands late belonging to Norwich Cathedral.

The Manor of Plumstede 2

The Manor of Ormesby, Parcel of Rich-\

mond Lands.....t

Lands in Wigenhall St. Marys, late be-x longing to St. Stephen's College, West- ( minster - - - - )

A Rent for folding Sheep in Kipton, West-) rouneham, and Westdeereham - - 3

The Manor of Swaffham -Tenths reserved out of the Bishoprick of) Norwich.....3

Foreign Collections.

60

52

4

of

6i

i*

59 5 1 4 15 7

50 0 o

11

5

12

14

0

*9

0

9

5l

51

0 0

o 0 16 11

0 o

4 0

10 4 i 19 nf

Rents and Farms of divers Lands and)

Tenements in Alford - - 1 0 5 0

Suanington - - - - 0 0 8

Heveringland - - - 0 5. 9i

Tavtrsham - - - - 1 0 0

Simtrstone - - - - 0 0 6

Wcklewood - - - - 0 1 6

Attleburgh - - - - 0 1 0

Carleton - - - 0 1 0

Long Stratton - - - 0 2 0

Woodington - - - - ‘ 0 0 5i

Byleigh and Colney - - - - 0 5 9

Molbarton - - - - 0 2 0

Barnham Broome - - - q 1 0

Scroteshawe - - - - 0 7 6*

Slody - - - - 0 4 0

Edgefield - - - 0 0 4

Thirning - - - 0 8 0

Sparrham . - - - - 0 2 6

Weston - - - 0 6 6

Moreton - . - - - 0 2 0

Runham - - - 0 7 8 i

Thirkby - - - 0 1 7i

And all Parcel of Horsham late) A n 8

Priory - - - $ O u

Lands in Runhall, late Thomas Bradbyes 0 4 0

The Manor of Honeringla?id, late Halfes 1 6 8

Bury late Monastery.

Lands in Ilkington - - - - 0 1 0

Lands and Tenements in JFerwe and Disse 0 2 6

The like in Rudham \ - . - - 1 0 0

Lands in Shropham late John Gate's - 0 4 8

Vo L. 13.

Sold to Sir

Sold to Geo. RadjCL Ldiue^ -

Sold to Geo. HadJaf ir Part of Queen Dowa^ft i

Sold to Sir John Duku v. ismj*7

Sold to Sir JWm Bermet, 30 July 1*7^ Sold to John Garland, 22 March K7V

Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2 Aug. 1^71 Sold to Sir /oto Bennet} 30 July 1673.

Part of Queen Dowager's Jointure.

Sold to Sir John Bermet, ut syjfira.

Part of Queen Dowager's Jointure.

Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2* Aug. 1672.

Sold to Thoms Taylor, 27 Sept. 1672.

<£ s. d.

040

Chattera*

4* Murtii.

A.

Chattcras late Priory.

o

2

2

6

i i

0

1

2

6

11 ]

rchn

d.

4

A Tenement in St. Margaret s Lynn,\ 0 sold per Mayor and Chamber - -

Mar moral late Priory.

Five Acres of Land in Walsoken in Marsh-1 Q g

land.....>

St. Bartholomews Priory near London.

A Tenement and Lands in.I'armouth - o 13 4

St. John Colchester late Monastery.

The Manor of Poswicke - - - 200

Lands, late the Earl of Rutland's.

Four Acres of Arable Land in Upzcell, late}

John Sethwick's - - - - 3

The like, late John Ashtons Four Acres and a half there, late Peter}

Southwell's -

A House there, late William Nortons -Lands there, late Crofts

Edzcard Bettor's Peter Batemans John Welsh's And Thomas Frenches Lands and Tenements in Upzvell -

The Cannons in Thelford.

Rents of Assize there -Six Acres and \ of Land in Wonngay -Half an Acre of Land, sol^per the Mas-} ter of Bridewell - - - - }

An Acre there, late John Hamlins The like in Kenninghall, late the said Johns An Acre and Half in liar lings, late Cottons A Messuage and half a Rod in IFcsthar-} ling, late the said Johns - - - j

Three Acres and a half Rod there, late")

Thomas Jeffrie's - -

Two Acres there, late Henry Chancellor's An Acre in Two Pieces there, late John Ilamlymis

The Monks late Monastery in Thetford.

The House and Site of the said late Mo-}

nastery.....- 0

Five Acres of Land in St. Trinities in the} said Town - - - i

A Messuage and Lands in the Town and Fields of West tofts in Norfolk, and Ring-ham in Suffolk; and in the Town and Fields of Moulton -Lands in Felton - -

The like in Worslead -Lands in Hardingham, Com Norfolk -Lands in Fdtwell and Melhzvold ' -

The late College of Stoke.

The Manor of Crimplesham - - 0 ] -

Pensions and Portions. rl lie Rectories of Taverham Filby

Newton Flotman Ung

Scuiingham Brandeston, alias Braneston 0

o o

0

1

2

Dicklchurgh Dickie bo rough -Rodney -Colt on -

(trims ton Rockland -Kirby bead m And Reunion -A Pension out of the Manor of Tilncy -Out of the Rectories of Grissln

4

0 8 (j

1

9

6

4

4

0 t)±

o 4

0 1

6 8

1 11

5 11

15 2

1 2

2 0

(5 8

10 o

*3

10

10 0 d 8 10 o 6 8

13

6

4

8

o o o o

O 0 6 8 ]3 4 6 8

Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2* Augusti 1672.

Sold to Sir John Bennett, 30* July 1673. }

Sold to the said Sir John Ben net, ut supra.

Sold to Sir John Rennet, ut supra.

12 W. III.

And Two Pensions out of Kibccrston Rectory 2 The Rectory of St. Albert in Burnham -The Rectories of Dozvncham Shelfander Roydon

And Barton All Saints alias> Barton Bondish - -)

A Portion of Tythes in Thetford -Pensions and Portions in Banham Wilby -Swaffham Tuddenham Falgate Norwich Cathedfal Gwrwell-lane in Cambridge Barwick Rectory

Chantry Lands.

The Manor of Redham -Divers Lands in Walpole belonging to $.*) Edmund's Chapel - - - -}

Divers other Lands there belonging to the*) same Chantry - - - -)

Tythes of Grain and Hay belonging to St.1 James's Chapel in Terrington - - )

Lands in Upton, late Wm. Gymingham's Lands in Maston, late Wm. Corbett's Heirs Lands in Wilton -Lands in Tasburgh, late John Lincolnes A Tenement in Morningthorp, late John\

Bastys.....3

A Tenement in St. Bennet's in Norwich,) sold per Churchwarden - - - 3

A Tenement in St. John Sepulchre's, late,) Robert Mayne s - - - -3

The Guild of Lynne, sold per Mayor and7 Burgesses - - - 3

Three Acres of Land in Edgfield, Twen- ty-one Acres in the Hundred of Holt, > o called Lampland - - - -3

Half an Acre of Land in Tibbenham, late) Thomas Bannock's - - - y

Lands in St. Buttolf's, late Owen Hub-1

bard's.....3

Lands in Sherford, late Thomas Baincbridge's 0

Lands, late of the Bishop of Ely's.

A Mill in Eastdeerham 4

40 Martii.

35 9

£- s. d.

y2 0 0

0 13 4

0 4 0

0 2 0

0 3 4

5 0 0 1

/ i

2 13 4

2 0 0

0 13 4

0 2 0

! 0 4 0

1 6 8

1 6 8

0 13 4

13 6 8

6 12 8

1

4 0 0

7 10 o

0 4 5

2 3

4

4

Sold to the said Sir John Bennet, ut antea.

L d.

13 6 i

1316 o Sold to Baptist May, 13 Sept 1672.

4 0

The late Monastery of Walsingham.

The Fairs in Burnham - - - 168

Lands, late the Duke of Norfolk's.

The Site and Demesnes of the late Priory^ of Coxford, the Rectory of Eastrud-f ham, and a Water-mill belonging to£ ^4

the said late Priory - - - j

The Rectory of Westrudham - - 1000

The Manor of Eastrudham and Houghton 5216 gf

The late College of Herringby.

The Manors of Cattes, Fenners, and Spencer's 2 7 5 }

The Manors of Edingthorpe and Staleham 1 13 104

The Hospital of St. Lazarus in the Coni Leicester.

The Manor of Windham - - - 072

Lands in Burnham, Sutton Holkholm, Han- north, Bishop's Lynne; the Manor of ChosoU, > 0 16 114 and Lands in Brymingham and Brynton )

Lands and Tenements in Worstead - - o 16 41

The Hospital of St.John of Lynne, and*)

Lands in Hardwick, et aT - - - 3 5 t

The Manor of Gaywood - - - 58 13 34-

Lands in Tilbenham and Winfarthinge - 0110

Concealed Lands.

An Acre of Land in Hallybreadland, late^ 0 0 74

Wm. Ilooes ----- 3 Vo j- 13.

Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2* Aug. 1672.

Part of Queen Dowager s Jointure.

Sold to Sir John Bennet, 30 July 1673.

Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2 August 72.

..... o 16 it*'

..... 0 16 4*

Part of Queen Dowager s Jointure.

An

26o

4° Martii.

A. 1699.

s.

0

d.

71

o

5

o

4

1

0

1

0

20 0

22 o o Part of Queen Dowager s Jointure.

6

0

An Acre and -§ of Meadow abutting on*)

Tilney Dove -j

Lands in Sampton, late Bancroft's -The Manor of Stokesby, alias Stoppsly -Lands in Mdton, late Thomas Windhams Easldeerham Park -

The Manor of Westdecrham, and 300"

Acres of Lands, and 200 Acres of Meadow, and 1,000 Acres of Moor and Heath, late Sir Thomas Waking-

/lams.....,

The Manor of Norwold, late Sir Charles}

Croft's - - - - 5

A Messuage in Yarmouth, late Her- rauld's - - - - j

A Water-mill in Alderford -

The late Monastery of Walsingham.

The Manor of Burnham Overy - - iff 19 u

Lands, late John Ingram's.

A Messuage or Tenement, called Sturson's,]> late i/tf/wes GW/zj/'s - - - -3 1 0 0

Seven hundred and Twelve Acres of)

Marsh-lands in Burnham Overy - 3 ® 0 0

Divers Parcels of Land and Fen improved'I out of the Wastes of Roxham and/ 20 o o Westdeerham, late Thomas Deerham's 3

And in the County of Huntington. The late Priory of Stonely.

The Site and Demesnes ... Rents of Assize of the customary Te-) nants there -j

A Messuage and Lands in Stonely Field A Messuage in Stonely, with Closes and *) Thirteen Acres of Land in the Field - 3

A Cottage....

A new Rent -

Lands in Wormditch in Kimbolton Parish,*) late John Merrill's -)

The same John's -Thomas Sands' -Edmund Southtons -A Messuage and Twenty-six Acres in the*) Town and Fields of Woolley - -3

Rents of Assize in Tilbrooke A Messuage called Heighton, with Lands*) there, and in Endfeild - -j

A new Rent -Rents and Farms in Catxvorth

The like in Newton in Kimbolton Parish Lands and Tenements in Netherstozv and*^ Overstowe - - - 3

Customary Rents in Kimbolton A Messuage there called the Antelope, et aV Part of Charles Wingfield's Park -

Four Tenements in Kimbolton aforesaid,

late John Evered's - - -J

Wm. Wilkin's -

Richard Taylor's -

Robert Cooper's -

A new Rent....

The late Priory of Huntington. The Site, with the Appurtenances A Tenement in Castle-lane, with a Barn*) to the Castle-dike -y

A Tenement, called the Swan, in $.*) Marys Parish -3

Lands in the said Parish, late Thomas Hall's A Tenement, late the said Thomas's A Tenement, late Richard Horcwood's -Lands, late Henry Ocher's -

A Tenement, late John Drapers -

Sold to Geo. Hadley Esquire, 2 August 72. Sold to Geo. Hadley, supra.

£ s. d.

0 1 0

0 1 0

Part of Queen Dowager's Jointure.

20 09

i- s. d.

1 3 2

8 4 7i

0 2 8

0 16 0

0 2 0

0 0 4

1 10 8

0 0

1 11 0

0 l9 0

0 12 0

0 2

2 0 0

0 0 2

0 18 4

0 10 7

3 l9 8

2 10 3

1 6 8

0 6 3

0 6 0

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 6 0

0 3 10|

1 x9 9*

0 1 2

1 0 0

0 3 1

0 0 1

0 0 7

0 3 4

0 0 8

769

A Tenement

12 W. III.

A Tenement in Bcrmet's Parish, late) Richard Neoell's, in Jermin-lane - -y

A Tenement there, late Cath. Londons The like, lat eThomas Popes -The like, late Thomas Lodges -The like, late John Robinsons A Tenement in All Saints, late John') Edwards -j

Three Tenements, in St. , late Sir} Richard Cromwell's - -3

A Croft in Badowmarsh, late Wallis's The like, late James Barrett's A Piece of Land near Rowland )

Tenement -)

Half a Croft there, late the Rector of St.~) Bennett's - - - - -j

A Tenement and Lands in late")

Henry Bristawe's A Tenement in Stewkly, late )

Thodaye's -$

The like, late Wm. Barnett's -A Tenement at the Forge there, late )

Harm/'s -y

A Tenement and Lands in ComiinglonJ late Ph. Parris's -3

Lands in Catwoith, late the Abbot of)

Sawtriss ----- -3

A Tenement and Lands in -

Lands and Possessions in Stoughton )

and HaUiweston -.....3

A Croft of Land in late .)

Read's - - - -3

Lands and Tenements, late Pollard1 s,)

in Drayton -J

The Manor of Hinchinbrook -Three Tenements and Lands in -

The Site and Manor of Papworth -A Lake in Benwick, called the and a Marsh called Wedding - -3

Divers Pensions out of the Rectories of) Offord Dacy -y

Ellington - -

All Saints in Huntington -St. John Baptist in St. Bennet in Huntington -The Hospital in Huntington A Water-mill in Herjo. late Richard Keys's The Manor of Giddinge, late Edward) Watson's -y

Lands in Luddington, late the Lord) Mountague's ~y

The late Priory of Hmchingbrookt A Tenth out of the Lands and Possessions) there ----- -3

The late Priory of Sawtrey. The Possessions of the said Priory -

The late Priory of Royston. The Mannor of Chesterton -

The late Priory of Harwold. Lands in Yelling -

The Site of the late Augustine Friers House,) in Huntington - - - -3

The late Monastery of Ramsey. The Manor of Upwood -The Manor of Raoely and Great Moigues A Close in Great Ravely -

The Manors of Wemington, K's Ripton,) and Easthorpe -j

The Manor of EUington - -

The Site of the late Priory of ,)

and the Manors Wyken and Wood-\ hurst.....*J

Vo 1* 13.

49 MartiL

261

£ d.

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 1 6

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 4

2 10 0

0 4 0

0 1 0

0 4 0

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 4 0

0 12 8

0 0 6

0 13 4

0 0 6

0 7 10*

0 12 2-i

0 5 0

2 10 0

1 10 0

0 10 0

0 6 8

0 13 4

1 0 0

1 11 4

3 12 4T

0 10 4

2 0 0

14 12 8

0 12 8

0 4 ni

0 4 0

4 4 6*1

2 6 8

1 0 0 J

Sold to Joseph Ilorneby, et aT, 29 August 7

72-

Sold to Sir Tho. Player, et a!, 8 May 74.

Sold to Sir Thomas Player, et aVyut supra. Sold to Sir Tho. Player, tit supra.

L- -» d. 0 4 Hi

Sold to the said Sir Tho. Player, ut antea.

5 13 11 Sold to Sir Tho. Sclatcr, 10 Januarii 72.

3 8 10} Sold to George Gooday, 20 Sept. 78.

1 17

X x x

The

26 2

4° MartiL l^9

The Manor of Sleep - - - 0 ® ®

The Manor of Walton - - - ~ o 10 8

The late Monastery of St.

The Site and Demesnes there - -218

Sold to Sir Tho. Player, et at, 8 May 74.

To the late Monastery at Thorney.

The Manor of Woodcston - - - 3 6 8f Sold to the said Sir Tho, Player, supra.

The Carthusians House near London.

The Rectory of Stofkton, alias Stoughton 1 18 o

The late Monastery of Crowland.

The Manor of Morebarne - - - 1150

The late Monastery of Templebluer.

The Manor of Ogerstone

Lands in Walmfordand Chesterton - o

Lands in Fulkesworth - - - - 0

The Manor of Sibbeston, and Lands in')

Thirming, et aV - - - -y

The late Priory of Chicksand.

A Close, called Chicksand Close, in Mels-} worth Parish 4

5

1 24.

3 7

7 10Y

1 4

Lands, late Richard IViUiams, alias Cromwell's. The Manor of Hemingford Gray, et aV - Nil,

Lands, late the Bishop of Elye's.

The Manor of Spaldwick- - -54 7 4

A Mill there - - - 0134

Lands, late Thomas Lord Seymours.

The Manor of Hemingford Abbots - - Nil.

Lands, late Queen Catharine's.

The Manor of Ayleton - - - -441111

Lands assigned to Queen Elizabeth before her Access to the Crown.

A Marsh called Hallwell Fenn - - 6 8

St. Ives Street with Sleep and Bustlers - 95 o The Manor of Houghton and ' Nil.

5

3 i

Lands, late assigned to the Prince of Wales.

The Manor of Halliwell, cum 66 8 8

The Manor of Yaxley - - - -80 910

Foreign Lands.

Ramsey, late Monastery.

Lands and Tenements in Offord Darcy - 100

A Pound of Frankincense, iate Laurence )T.t , . , Taylor's - - - - .\^erat. And.

Chattcras, late Monastery.

An Acre of Land in Colney, late Wm\ .

Mathea' - - - - -i 0 1 0

Bushmead, late Monastery.

A Tenement in Stilton, late John Castle's o Another Tenement there, late the said Johns o A Piece of Land there, late John\ Manning's - - - - -y

lands there, late John Redhead'3 -Lands, late Laurence Worne's Lands in Paxton, late Richard Carrier's

Croxton, late Monastery.

Divers Lands and Tenements in

ft 4

o 3

7

o

o

ton, late Antony Dixon's

Pensions and Portions.

The Rectory of Morbarne -

The Rectory of Yeli

The Rectories of Glutton

of Battle- Bridge -of Hamerton -of Ailton

1

4

4

2

5 3

6

0

13

o

6

6

o

o

2

6

4

o 9 .0

Sold to Sir Thomas Sclater, 10 Jan. 71.

Sold to Sir ThomM

Playar. at *, 74'

parcel

12 W. III.

Parcel of the late Queen Anne's Jointure, and before that Parcel of the Possessions of the late Monastery at Ramsey.

4* Martii.

s. 0 16

0 2 0

3

4

0 1

2

0

3

2

The Manors and Lordships of Ramsey - 29 The Manor of Wardboys - - - 0

ChanLands.

An Acre of Meadow in Porthobn, late?

Edward Greens -3

A Tenant there, late John - 0 7

Half an Acre of Land, late John Bar-')

her's.....-J

Three Acres of Land, late John Hen-1

son's - ..... -)

An Acre of Land there, late Urn. 0

The like in Eyston, late John Thurstons - o Lands in Barham, late - 0

The like, late Margaret J - - o A Messuage in Everton, late P&£ Cram- well's - - - - -J

One Rood and One Acre and ± of Land) in King's Ripton, late Reynold Greens J Ten Acres of Land there, late Robertl Walters -3

Three Acres of Land in Fisold per )

Churchwardens - - - -3

Lands in Stewkly, late Thomas Auton's Three Acres of Meadow in , sold

per Church wardens of Barnet Huntington -Lands in Great Gransden, late Rich. Pulley's The like, late the Churchwardens of All- Saints, Hunt. -3

Two Acres of Meadow in sold per (Churchwardens of St.

Hunt. ----- 3

Three Acres in Colne Fields, called the? ,

Town-lands - - - - 1 0

Lands, late the Duke of Buclcs.

Lands in Stilton, late Edward Mount ague's 014 The Like, late Richard JVormcs - -028

Common Fines in Graff ham - -040

Winwick - - -0110 And Stilton - - - -022

d.

0

o

o

3

0

0

008

034

040

020

-034

old?

t's,}

0 to 0

004 o 10 o

Concealed Lands.

Lands belonging lately to Neot's Mo-?

nastery - - - - -J

Lands in Hemingford Abbots - o

A Cottage and Rood of Land in Oldhurst - 0

Lands, late the Earl of /'s.

Divers Lands in Ellington, Aukenburyfi Weston, Wolly, Great and Little Stewk- (

ly, and the Park and Forest of Wey-C bridge - -

Lands, late the Earl of Essex's.

The Capital Messuage and Site of the Ma-?

nor of Keiston - - - - -j150

Five-and-twenty Messuages and 27 Rood ? of Land Arable and Pasture at Keiston 3

o 13 4

10

o

7

4

0 o

0 0

o 0

0 10 7

Ordered, That the said Memorial do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Mr. Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardiner and Sarah his Wife, late the Estate of Win. Ridges Esquire deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts and Legacies therein mentioned; and applying the Residue of the Money upon Trusts therein specified; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allege lions therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee Vox.. 13.

had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at

the Clerk's Table,

A Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, late Child's of Sir Jrniah Child Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for Estate, the better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas Cook Knight, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. WiUcughby, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Wm. Phiphard, Mr. Osbourn, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Rayner, Sir Rob. Havers, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. Roberts, Sir

Arthur

ie

Holman's

Indentures.

Viller's

Estate.

Coal

Measure.

Thames

Watermen.

Signing

Association.

Lark

Navigation.

Exe

Navigation,

Barlow's

Estate.

4° Martii. A. 1699.

Arthur Oven, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Conyers, Mr. England, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Poltney, Mr. Clark, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Dore, Mr. Philips, Mr. Carter, Mr. Loxcther, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Hayes, Mr. lilqfeildMr. Conyers, Sir Cotton, and all that serve for the

Counties of Hertford, Nottingham, Middlesex,

and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Lord Chenie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to supply the Loss of certain Indentures of Lease and Release heretofore made by Philip Holman Esquire, since deceased, to George Holman his Son, now also deceased, was committed, That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling, the Estate of Catherine Fitzgerald Fillers, and Raising of Money for paying of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children, by Edward Fitzgerald Villa's Esquire, her late Husband, was read a First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edward Hussey, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for ascertaining the Measure of Sea-coal, according to the Measures used in London: And the same was received; and ordered to be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Shallet, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherry-men rowing on the River of Thames; and for providing one Order and Government amongst them, and also amongst the Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor: And the same was received.

Ordered, That* the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise by Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association in due time, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mom-pessoh, Mr. Price, Sir Rich. Cock, Mr. Pinned, Sir Rob. Dovers, Mr. Probcrt, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. England, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Jim. Drake, Sir Cha. Bloys, Lord Down, Mr. Harley, Sir John Wynn, Lord Cojiingsby, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Philips, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Monstevens, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harvey, Sir JVII/ou. Hickman, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. Willoughby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Larky alias Burne, navigable, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act *

Ordered, That Mr. Hercey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their'Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That aH the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Somerset be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, and other principal Inhabitants of the said City, is referred.

by Thomas Barlow Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold, for purchasing other Lands, to he settled to the same Uses, was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

Mr. Gwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Commis-it was referred to inspect the Commissions of the Peace, sionsoftl and Commissions of Deputy Lieutenants, as they now Peace> stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past, That they had inspected the same accordingly; and had directed him to lay before the House the Lists of the Names of the Justices of the Peace for each County, in Two Columns; one of such as were left out, and the other of such as were put in; together wdth the Warrants themselves; and also such Papers as had been brought to the Committee, concerning the Deputy Lieutenants: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House; and be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Half-pay whom the Papers relating to Half-pay w ere referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Supply! That the House do, according to Order, resolve itself Land TV into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and °reUui Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging unto the Crowm, wkhin that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Public; and of the Bill for granting am Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and tow ards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Toller, for ] ,

"eNo} o5.

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair erf the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred: and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

Reslved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Growt ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Poi)erJ mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That the Bill for the appointing Commis-Comm whomdhe ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An sioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due . Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Stanshall, to the Army and Transport Service, be read a Second and certain Tenements, in the County of York, made time tomorrow Morning,.

Ordered>

12 W. III.

4° — 5" Mart'll. 265

pprsssing Ordered\ That the Committee of the whole House,

acy. to whom the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy was committed, be discharged of the same; and that the same be committed to a particular Committee:

And it is referred to Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Thursby, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Pa-git, Sir Barth. Showers, Mr. Morris, Mr. Conyers, Mr* Bridges, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Freke, Mr. Monstevcns, Mr. Jollij/e, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. St. John, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Duke, Sir Walter Young, Sir IVm. St. Quintin, Mr. Blathwaite, Sir Robert Davers; and all the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House; and all that serve for Sea Ports: And they are to meet at Four

i a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ion with Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred bmmend- to insPect Precedents, whether there have been heretofore Lfrom such Messages of Recommendations of Bills as came

Ws. from the Lords with the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England; to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

jmmittees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 5° die Martii;

1^2° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A BILL for.gelling the Reversion of the Farm of Nethercott, in the County of Oxon, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hop's ‘An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act hte* to enable Trustees to make Sale of the Inheritance of the Twelfth Part of several Manors, Lands, and Tene-, ments, of Bluet Wallop Esquire, during his Minority; and to purchase other Lands with the Money to be raised by such Sale, to be *s$ttled to the same Uses as the Twelfth Part >vas so settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Webb, Mr. Banks, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Hayes, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir John Manwareing, Mr. Dalby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Stone house, Sir Rich. Middleton, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Rich. Cocks, Admiral Hobson, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Hobson, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Monst evens, Sir Hen. Parker, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Wilkins, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Arthur Ozven, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Yates, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Hughes; and all that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Pour a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

UPoor. Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Employing and Relieving the Poor of the City of London: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to takg into Consideration the Dee Navi-Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for gation. rhaking the River Dee navigable was committed; And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments made by the House, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to prejudice any Rights, Liberties, or Privileges, of Sir Wm. Glyiin Baronet, or any the Lords,

Owners, or Proprietors, of the Lands, Grounds, or Marshes, lying on the South Side of the main Chanel of the said River, or his or their Fishery in the same;

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill*

That all Coal, Lime, and Lime-stone, brought to the City of Chester for Sale by Land-carriage, shall be! brought to such Place as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall appoint for the easier Collection and Payment of the Duties payable for the same:

And the same was twice read with Blanks: And the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That, in case the Chanel of the said River shall become so deep, as that at Low Water, w hen the Tide of Sea is out of, and no Flood of fresh Water in, the said River, the same shall not be fordable, betw een Blacon Point and Burtenhead, for the Mayor and Citizens to erect and employ Tw o sufficient and free Ferry-boats, for the publick Use of his Majesty's Subjects, to pass and repass, without paying any thing for the same:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments wfere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sergison, according to Order, presented to the Defalcations House an Abstract of the Defalcations for Slop Cloaths, for Seamen s dead Men's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chap- S1°P Cloaths, lains Groats, and Surgeons Two-pences, collected from c' such Ships and Yards Books, and such other Accounts thereof as remain in the Navy Office, from the 12th Day of July 1673, to the 12th Day of February 1688:

And also,

An Abstract of the Defalcations for Slop Cloaths, dead Men's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplains Groats and Surgeons Two-pences, collected from such Ships and Yards Books, and such other Accounts thereof as remain in the Navy Office, from the 13th Day of February 1688, to the 27th Day of March 1699.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Abstracts are as follow; viz.

Vol. 13. Yy, Navy

Navy Office, 4° March 1699.

An ABSTRACT of the Defalcations for Slop Cloaths, dead Men's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplains Groats, Surgeons Two-pences; collected from such Ships and Yards Books, and such other Accounts thereof, as remain in this Office, from the 13th of February 1688, to the 27th of March 1699: — Prepared in pursuance of a- Vote of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 9th of February past.

Between what Time.

Dead Men's Chanlains Surgeons

4 Beginning. Ending.,) Slop Cloaths. Cloaths. Tobacco, Chest at Chatham. Groats. Two-pences.

£ s. d. C s. d. L- So d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

13th February - - - - 1688. 31 March - - - 90. 1,076 18 6 310 7 3 1,334 2 7 1,932 14 5 1,238 11 7 733 11 7

1 April - - - 1690. 31 December- - m -- 90. 3,250 17 1 595 15 5 2,198 2 5 6,452 17 6f 4,179 2 3 2,223 15 iH

1 January - 1690. Ditto - - - 91. 6,709 8 10 1,451 14 1 3,926 14 11 8,966 10 4i 5,706 0 11 3,051 1 i-l

Ditto - - - 1691. Ditto - - - - 92. 7,645 6 11 1,519 10 3 4,177 19 3 8,834 0 7t 5,514 4 1 2,947 14 ii-i

Ditto - - - 1692. Ditto - - - - 93- 12,863 11 2 1,331 10 10 5,335 10 9 18,210 18 11 7,798 19 0 4,176 3 9

Ditto - - - 1693- Ditto - - - - 94- 16,452 13 8 1,543 3 1 8,271 9 6 17,319 16 11 8,586 1 2 4,469 13 8

Ditto - - - 1694. Ditto - - - - 95- 15,837 2 5 2,276 14 10 11,704 8 6 16,179 2 Hi 8,080 15 7 4,4i8 11 2-i

Ditto - - - 1695. Ditto - - - 96. 11,624 8 8 2,152 7 9 6,244 15 9 8,183 1 4i 4,853 19 7 2,623 1 6-j

Ditto - - - 1696. Ditto - - 97. 16,929 12 6 1,036 15 10 9,56o 1 10 11,407 7 9 6,997 12 4 3,626 11 10

Ditto - - 1697- Ditto - - - - 98- 23,995 18 1 3,171 10 4 11,063 18 10 14,853 13 6i 8,740 19 9 4,702 12 74

Ditto - - 1698. [*27 March] - - - - 99- 3,357 5 0 795 6 10 2,280 8 2 3,673 7 44 1,840 4 3 920 2 14

H9,743 2 10 16,184 16 6 66,097 12 6 116,013 11 9i 63,536 10 6 0.1 wO OO tO 00 0 A

Note. That this Account contains the Defalcations made upon the Books of Ships and Yards, paid before the Vote of the Honourable House of Commons of the 27th March 1699.

John J. Sot heme, Cha.

5 Tho.

&. This is supplied from the Account It is " Ditto " in the Journal.

266 50 Martii. . 1699.

12 W. III. 5° Mart 267

Ordered, That the said Abstracts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee of The House being acquainted, That the Committee of Privileges — Privileges and Elections have appointed the Hearing the pointedTor Matter upon die Petition of Thomas Neal Esquire, at a tearing a great Distance; viz. the 10th of April next.

Petition. Ordered, The Matter upon the said Petition be heard

by the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Friday Sevennight.

{Union with Sir Christopher Musgrave reported from the Committee Scotland — appointed to inspect Precedents, whether there have been Recommend- iieretofore such Messages of Recommendations of Bills, S.r0M as came *rom die Lords with the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms, That they had inspected the Precedents accordingly; as the same appear, as well by the Journals of this House, as by the Journals of the House of Lords; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

In the Journal of this House:

Sabbati, 13 March 1623.

Mr. Glanvill sent to the Lords with the Bill of Monopolies, and a special Recommendation from the House.

In the Journals of the House of Lords, as followeth:

31 May 1621. A Message to the Commons, with a Bill touching the Adjournment of the Parliament; with special Commendations thereof; and desire of all possible Haste to expedite the same.

13 March 1623. A Message to the Commons, with a Bill, concerning the Castle of Kiliingworth, with a special Recommendation thereof; for that it concerned the Prince.

Eodem die, A Bill was brought from the Commons to enable the Prince to make Leases, &c. with this Message; That they have sent this Bill alone, for that it concerns the Prince's Highness.

Eodem die, A Bill from the Commons concerning Monopolies, with this Message; That the Commons desire their Lordships to take this Bill into their serious Consideration, as an Act of great Importance.

7 April 1624. A Message from the Commons, with Eight Bills, One of which, concerning Concealments, they specially recommend to their Lordships, as a Bill concerning the general Good and Quiet of the whole Kingdom.

Commission- A Bill for the Appointing Commissioners to take, creof Ac- examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and rants. for Transport Service, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Trthei of An ^g1*088^ Bill for the better Ascertaining the Tythes limp and of Hemp and Flax, was read the Third time; And several flax. Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. l.l. *. To leave out, " all manner of," and insert, instead thereof, " every Person, or."

P. 1.1. *, To leave out, "Four," and insert "Five;" being the Tythe Rent to be paid per Acre.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

Ordered That Sir John Mordant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-Vo l. 13.

pointed to inquire what has been done upon the former Exporting Laws against the Exporting Wool, and for encouraging Wool, the Woollen Manufacture; and to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for the Preventing the Exportation of Wool is referred; be made upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill to prevent the Sale, within this Kingdom, of Fish taken by Fish taken by Foreigners, in Foreign Vessels, was read Feigners, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Phil, Butler, Sir Rozdand Gzvynne, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Tho.

Wagstaffe, Sir Baz. Dirwell, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Mordant, Mr. England, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Dormer, Earl of Dysert, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Sir Abstr.

Danby, Sir Gods rey Copley, Mr. Blofeild. Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Palmes, Sir Christopher Hales, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Bridges; and all that serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber, at Four a Clock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the Importation of foreign Fishing Nets.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Corporation the more speedy and effectual Determining the Right to °slices* Offices in Corporations: And that Mr. Mompesson and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Suppressing Mr. Blathzvaite, be added to the Committee, to w hom Piracy-the Bill for the more effectual Suppressing of Piracy is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Assaying of appointing Assay-masters, for the Assaying of Plate, in the Plate* most considerable Cities and Towns within this Kingdom,

' is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aliens to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit Children, the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Fathers or Mothers were Aliens, without any Amendment.

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act De la for naturalizing Isaac de laG arde, John Batero, and others: Garde's, To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messseugers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Union with for authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of Scotland* England to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms, was, according to Order, read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Cattle w hom the Petition of Sir Nathanael Curson Baronet, was Markets in referred, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of th* until this Day Sevennight; and that such Members as House, shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending on this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Leave of posed, That no Member do go out of Town before this Absence. Day Sevennight that the House is to be called over;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding " without Leave; to be asked between Twelve and One a Clock."

And

268 5°~6° Martii. A. 1699.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, the Bill for taking the Estate in Law, of several Messuages agreed unto by the House. and Lands, mortgaged to Jeff ry and Edward Howland.\

Ordered, That no Member do go out of Town be- and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness fore this Day Sevennight, when the House is to be called of Tavistock, is committed: And that the Petitioner be over, without Leave; to be asked between Twelve and heard by her Counsel, before the said Committee, there-One a Clock. upon.

Half-pay. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

whom the Papers relating to Half-pay were referred, be Morning, Eight a Clock,

made Tomorrow at Eleven a Clock....

Thames

Watermen.

A Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts made, touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames; and for providing One Order and Government amongst them, and also amongst the Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor; w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Mcrcurii, 6* die Martii;

12* Gulielmi Tortii.

Prayers.

cyOHN Bourges, Lewis Qiwtten, Peter Combauld, J Peter Boning, John Wm. Lutkins, Claude Jamineau, Henry Vanson, John Daniel Trieber, Balth. J ungen, took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

Coal A Bill for ascertaining the Measure of Sea-coal, ac-

Measure. cording to the Measures used in London, was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

Fraudulent Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Insurances. House a Bill to prevent Frauds in the Insurance of Ships and Merchandize: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady Bond's for the Settling all Differences concerning Dame Mary Will. j Bond's Will; and for performing the same; was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. England, Mr. Dryden, and all the Water-mea-Gentlemen of the Long Robe, be added to the Com- iure of Fruit., mittee, to whom the Bill to ascertain Water-measure of Fruit is committed.

Harbours. Mr. Offley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent any more Lands being inned from any

Harbour, or any more Stops put to the Flow ing and Reflowing of the Tide into any Harbour of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Estates given A Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other to super- Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying stitjous ses. same tQ t^e |jse 0£ Queenwich Hospital; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Frulay Morning next.

Signing Ordered, That Sir Rush. Cullen, Mr. Tredenham, Mr.

Association. Jfcurrard, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Dare, Mr. Greenfeild, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise by Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association in due time.

Attornies. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reducing the excessive Numbers of 'Attornies, and such as practise as Attornies, be read upon Saturday Morning next

The House proceeded further to take into Considera- Dee tion the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Bill Navigation. , for making the River Dee navigable was committed:

And some other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Master and Wardens of the Art and Water-mea-Mystery of the Company of Fruiterers, of the City of sureof l,rult London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill to ascertain Water-measure of Fruit should pass into a Law, as it is now' penned, w ill be very prejudicial to the Petitioners Trade: And praying to be heard by their'Counsel, what they have to offer in relation to the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be . referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon:

And that Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. If oollaston, Serjeant 1 Thurland, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Cox, Mr. Wyn,

Mr. Cholmley, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, be added to the said Committee.

Mitchell Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-Election. vileges and Elections, to wrhom it was referred to examine whether the Petition of Anthony Row Esquire, presented this Session, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be the same in Substance with the Petition presented the last Session, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of of Privileges. Privileges and Elections, touching a Complaint of a Breach of privilege, against Christopher Lister Esquire; and touching the Election for the Borough of Brecon; and touching the Matter of the Petition relating to Sir Thomas Grosvenor, and his Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against him; be made upon Monday Morning next.

Howland's Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Estate. Dame Mary Hudson, Relict of Sir Henry Hudson Baronet, deceased, presented to the House the 19th Day of February last, be referred to the Committee, to whom

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Vexatioui Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Suits in An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits, in ^ales* the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine:

And the same was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked " Aviz.

" And whereas the Holding of Persons, inhabiting " within the said Principality of Wales, to special Bail, u in small Actions, is oppressive and vexatious to the Subject: For Remedy whereof, be it further Enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff, or other " OfficeF, w'ithin the said Principality, upon any Writ " or Process, issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts " of Record at Westminster, shall hold any Person to " special Bail, unless an Affidavit be first made in " Writing, and filed in that Court, out of which such " Writ or Process is to issue, signifying the Cause of " Action, and that the same is Twenty Pounds and upwards; and where Cause of Action is Twenty Pounds and upwards, Bail shall not be taken for uiore than the " Sum expressed in such Affidavit:"

15 And

12W. III. 6° Mar269

And several Amendments were proposed to be made Ordered\ That the Committee of the whole House, to justices of

in the Clause; viz. whom the Bill to enable Justices of Peace to repair the Peace Quali-

L. 2. After " Wales," to insert " and Counties Pala- Gaols in their respective Counties was committed, be fication.

41 tinedischarged of the same: And that the Bill be committed L. 5. After " Principality/1 to add " or Counties to a particular Committee:

44 PalatineAnd it is referred to Colonel Byerley, Mr. Brotherton,

And the same were, upon the Question severally put Sir John Mordanty Mr. Heyskam, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Yates, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mompesson, Lord Donne, Mr.

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and agreed Blaake, Mr. England, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Clarke, Sir unto by the House; with the said Amendments. Cha. Bloyse, Sir John Wynn, Sir Kick Cox, Sir Rich.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon do carry the Bill to the Farrington, Sir Rich. Middleton, Sir Jos. Jekyl, Mr.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Hayes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Robert Davers; { to the said Amendment with some Amendments, to which and all Knights of Shires: And all that come are to have they desire their Lordships Concurrence. Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a

Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And they are to have P Water- A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants of Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

k the Town of Deal, was presented to the House, and

I read; setting forth, That Mr. Wm. Warner, about a Ordered, That Mr. How, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Yates, Deal Water-

Year since, offered to the Inhabitants of the said Town, Mr. Shackerly, be added to the Committee, to whom the works-to erect a Waterwork for supplying them with good Bill for supplying the Town and Port of Deal with fresh Water, and begun the same at a great Expence, and hath Water is committed, made a considerable Progress therein-: And the Petitioners being informed, that one Mr. Rider hath presented Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee to whom the Bane-lace a Bill to this House, to suppiant the said Mr. Warner in Petition of the Clothiers of Salisbury, relating to the Bill and Wooilea

such his Undertaking, which will be a great Detriment for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Manufacture,

to the said Corporation i And praying, That they may be was referred, That they had examined the Matter of the heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the several Petitions to them referred, and came to several same do pass. Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was > committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their read» and *s J*3 followeth; viz.

Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon. Upon the Petition of the City of Sarum;

Mr. , Clothier, said, That since April last, there

Ita, A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, in the Gaol £ath been a great Decay in the Trade of the narrow fe* oUbthueU, for the Honour of Pontefract, in the County Manufacture; and those that formerly kept 20 Looms at

of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting Work, do not keep Half so many now; great Quantities

forth, That there are between 50 and 60 of the Peti- of Goods on the,r Hands unsold, tioners confined to the said Prison, who are reduced to great That the Reason of this Decay of Trade proceeds.

! Misery, and in no-wise able to pay their Creditors, unless from the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures in

I they might be permitted their Liberty, to do the same Flanders.

I by their Industry: And preying for Redress, in such Upon the Petition of the Clothiers of Leeds;

Methods as the House should think fit. William Cookson, Cloth worker of Leeds, said,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition That before, and in the Time of, the War, he hath be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petitions of exported in one Year, to the Value of between Twenty

several other poor Prisoners are referred: And that the and Thirty thousand Pounds Worth of broad coarse

Committee do prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills for Cloth, Kersies, and Bays, particularly in the Years 1696,

the Relief of poor Prisoners... Debt. 1697, and 1698:

That he and his Father have followed the Trade Five-7 A Petition of the Gunners belonging to his Majesty's and-twenty Years, and have had a Fourth Part thereof Garison of Upnor upon the River Medway, and the Forts to Flanders from that Place:

adjacent, now under the Command of Colonel Rouse, That, since the Prohibition there, he hath exported was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, nothing at all; and the Reason of the Decay of their

That their Pay has been in Arrear near Seven Years; by Trade to Flanders arises, as he believes, from the Prohi-

reason of which they are reduced to inexpressible Hard- bition of their Bone-lace, and the high Duties upon their

ships, and denied all manner of Credit: And praying, Linen Manufactures:

they may be preserved from perishing in Gaols, and their That they use no Spanish Wool in making their Cloths:

poor Families from starving. That the Gentlemen they served lived in the Spanish

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Netherlands; and their Cloths are first sent to Rotterdam,

and from thence to Flanders; but, in Time of War, they. land An ingrossed Bill for the better preserving the Navi- send their Cloths first to London, and from thence to

gation of the Rivers Avon and Froom; and cleansing the Flanders:

Streets of the City of Bristoll; was read the Third time. That he hath no Correspondence in Holland; and is Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title assured all his Goods went to Flanders. be, An Act for the better preserving the Navigation of William Piccard, Clothier of Leeds, said,

the Rivers Avon and Froom; and for cleansing, paving, That before April last, they had an even Trade, but

and enlightening the Streets of the City of Bristol. since have had none; and have a great many Goods lying

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake do carry the Bill to the on their Hands: That those Clothiers who formerly Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. employed 100 Workers now cannot employ above Two

or Three: And those that then worked for Ten-pence ar In Ordered, That the Bill for the better employing and Day, would work for Three-pence a Day, if they could

relieving the Poor of the City of London be read To- have it

morrow Morning. John Dunderdale, Clothier, said,

That they can get no Return of their Money; and so Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning are not able to employ the Poor, who used to work? next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for them.

to consider of the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour. , Being asked if they employ no Workers at all? he*

Vol. 13. Zz? answered,

Itome-lace and Woollen Manufacture.

6° Martii. 1699.

2JO

answered, They do, out of Pity, employ some few at Three-pence and Four-pence a Day, to pick Wool*

Upon the Petition of the Town of Hall faic;

William Swdhcliffe, Clothier for 30 Years, said,

That, before April last, they lived handsomely one by another; but since, many Thousands are ready to starve: 'Tis true, he still keeps up his Work, and employs a Thousand poor People at Four-pence a Day, to whom he formerly gave Six-pence per Day; but is not able to hold it long, unless he hath a better Trade:

That he dealt with Men who sent the Goods to Flanders, and sells the same Cloth now for Two-and-forty Shillings, that he used to sell for Six-and-forty Shillings.

Upon the Petition of the Clothiers of Ratchdale; Gabriel Garth side, Dealer in the Woollen Manufacture, said,

That, before the First Day of May, the Town of T&atclidak had a good Trade; but now have little; and have great Stocks lying on their Hands:

That he hath sold Clpth in Amsterdam, which, as he was informed, was sent into Flanders; and his Dealing was in several Sorts of Bays:

That the 'Jowp, about Two or Three Years ago, returned 1,500l. per Week,* and now they do not return above 500l. per Week:

That he hath known Goods entered at Hull, and shipped pff for Flanders:

That in the Town of Ratchddle, they formerly collected not above 7, qr 800l. a Year for the Poor; but by reason of the Decay o,f Trade, and Increase of their Poor, they were forced the last Year to raise 1,069/.

Upon the Petition of Salop;

Mr* Jeremiah Powell, Dealer in the Woollen Manufacture, said,

That formerly there was laid down Fifteen Hundred Pounds a Week for carrying on the Trade there; and, since the Prohibition, the Trade is abated 75/. per Cent.: That the Prohibition of the Flanders Lace is the Occasion of the Decay of their Trade:

That, when the Act was passing for the Prohibition of Flanders Lace, he was told by the Merchants he used to sell his Goods to, That they should buy no more Goods of him; for that the Act would cause a Prohibition in Flanders. Mr. Samuel Monk spoke to the same Effect.

Upon the Petition of the Lacemen of Buckinghamshire', Mr. Edward Purcell, Laceman, said,

That the Number of Workers is so great, that he cannot tell how many they are; but believes 3,000l. a Week is paid in ready Money, to the Bone-lace-makers in that County:

That formerly the Price at Five Shillings a Yard was reckoned extraordinary; but since the Act, they have some Lace of Six-and-thirty Shillings a Yard; and believes, shall be able to make as good as can be madq; and produced Two Pieces of 26 s. per Yard:

That the Improvement is both in Price and Quantity. That Children of Five Years of Age work upon Twopeny Lace.

Mr. Edward Hooton, Laceman, lives at Newport, and sells Lace, said,

That there are Thirty thousand Workers in Buckinghamshire; and that, before the Act, there was not Half so many; and their Trade is computqd at between 3 and 4,000l. per Week:

That he buys at Newpoi't, where there are i,3QO Workers, and sells in London:

That he keeps a Hundred Workers, and buys 40 or 50 Pounds worth of Lace in a Week:

That Lace is much dearer now than formerly; whereby the Poor is much encouraged; for that Lace, which sold formerly for 6$. a Yard, now sells for 10 s. a Yard; and a Child of Six or Seven Years of Age may earn Twenty-pence a Week:

That there are Men at Needs return 20/. per Week; and that the Increase of Trade hath beep since the Prohibition. Richard Gurney, Laceman, at Putnam in Hertford- Mr.e, said,

That he keeps 2 or 300 People at Work in Buckinghamshire, upon Bone-lace; but did not employ Half so many before the Prohibition.

John Smith, Laceman, said, That Sisters Thread pays 18 d. a Pound Duty: And that twice the Quantity of Lace hath been shipped off since the Prohibition as was before: That those Customers who used to write for Lace of a Yard, now write for Lace of 20s. a Yard:

That Flanders Lace used to pay no Duty in or out, but was always run:

That what he sends out himself, lie sends to Jamaica. Thomas Robinson, Laceman, said,

That in Buckinghamshire there are 200 Dealers in Lace, and about 150 of them come to London every Week; and, one with another, deal for Twenty Pounds a Week: That, within these Three Years, they are increased about 50 in Number:

That there is more Lace made now, than formerly; and lie takes more now in a Week, than in a Fortnight, within Three Years last past; but for the last Quarter of a Year the Trade hath a little fallen off:

That Men, Women, and Children, one with another, earn about Three Shillings a Week:

That a good Workwoman will earn Seven Shillings a Week.

Mr. Clerk, Dealer in Lace, said,

That there are One thousand and Eighty-one Persons employed in making of Lace in Salisbury; besides great Numbers in Places adjacent:

That he and his Partner send between Sixty and Eighty Pounds worth of Lace per Week, from Salisbury:

That, in the West of England, they now make Lace of 5/. or 6/. a Yard; where the best they made formerly was but 4/.: And he produced some Lace to the Committee, which was made in Dorsetshire, and cost above 3/. a Yard:

That 5/. Sterling, in Thread, makes a Hundred Pounds Worth of Lace; but generally, one Sort of Thread with another 15/. Sterling makes a Hundred Pounds Worth; and the finest Lace is made of Nuns Thread:

That, in the North of England, the Number of Workers are increased double what they were within these Two Years; and that there are, by Computation, at least 100,000 Men, Women, and Children, employed in the making of Lace within this Kingdom.

That, several Merchants appearing, the Committee thought fit to examine them: Who said as followed; viz.

Mr. Kent, Merchant, said,

That the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures in Flanders commenced the First of May last; and the Occasion of such Prohibition arose from the late Act for the more effectual Prohibition of foreign Bone-lace, as he hath always heard from his Correspondents there;

That he and his Brother, before such Prohibition, have exported between Sixty and Seventy thousand Pounds worth per Annum, from the Port of London, and Port of Hull, of our Woollen Manufacture, and very little else, particularly in the Years 1697, and 1698; that is to say, Thirty thousand Pounds worth from Hull, and the rest from London:

That there was no Comparison between the Exports from England, and other Countries, to Flanders, though their Prohibition runs generally to all; for England exported Fifty Times as much as Holland and France; and believes they prohibited the Hollanders, by reason great Quantities of Goods went through that Country from England to Flande?'s:

That one Mr. Ververt was in England when the late Act for the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace was in Debate in the House of Commons; and said, If the Bill passed, when he went into Flanders, he would take care that our Woollen Manufacture should be prohibited there:

That he believes the People that were formerly employed. in the Linen Manufactures there, are nt>\v employed in the Woollen Manufacture.

Mr.

12 W. III.

6" Mdr

Mr. George Vergoe, Mr. Geo. TIiatn, Mr. TVm. Kester-man, Mr. Carter, and several other Merchant?, spoke to the same effect as Mr. Kent.

Merchants, in behalf of the Bone-lace Makers, referred to the Reasons in Pla cart.

That as to the Value of the yearly Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures into Plunders, the Committee have had Accounts from the Custom-house for the Years 1686, and 1687; and likewise for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-seven, and 1698: And find them to be as followeth; viz.

Three Months after the Prohibition of the English Woollen Manufactures is taken off in Flanders.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Moor, and Sir William Scawen, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Proceeding! Wynne, Mr. Harvey, Sir Phil. Botelerr Mr. Vincent, °u Excise Mr. Hoxv, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Jabots, Mr. Tredenham, be Laws* added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of 'William Green, Brewer, is referred.

96,100

d.

14 3

The Woollen Manufactures exported") in the Year 1686, amounted to 3 In the Year 1687, to 72,942

In the Year 1697, to 118,302

In the Year 1698, to - - 188,046

Several of the Petitions referred to the Committee, taking Notice of the high Duty upon Linen; the Committee thought fit to have an Account from the Customhouse, what the Value of the Linen, imported in the same Years, amounted to: And find it to be as followeth; viz.

15

5

14

10

6i

4

£ s. d.

In 1686,

In 1667,

5! Im7;jIn *and*0ut3

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there hath been a great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture of England, since the First of May 1699.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, hath been an Occasion of the said Decay of the Woollen Manufacture of England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, a Bill be brought in to repeal the said Act.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That there hath been a great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture of England\ since the First of May 1699.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual, for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, hath been an Occasion of the said Decay of the Woollen Manufactures of England;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding " to commence Three Months after the Prohibition of the English Woollen Manufactures is taken off* " in Flanders

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so artidided, That, for the encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, a Bill be brought in to repeal the said Act, to commence

Vol. 13.

Imported to London only.

t:

234

909

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade arid Improve-Plantations do lay before this House an Account of what ment of Advances they have made towards the Improvement of Trade' the Trade of England.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. ^Meredith arid Sir Jargon's . Richard Holford: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Ja?ison Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and Provision for his Wife and Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Rowland Gwynne reported, from the Committee Mitchell of Privileges and Elections, the Resolutions upon the Election, several Petitions of Antony Row Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petition of Antony Row Esquire, presented to the House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell,. in the County of Cornwall\ is not the same in Substancq with the Petition from the said Antrny Row, presented to the House of Commons the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution That the Petition of Antony Rmv Esquire, presented to me House of Commons this Session of Parliament, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, is not the same in Substance with the Petition from the said Antony Row, presented to the House of Commons the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Election.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Mr.

Row's Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be discharged from proceeding upon any Pe- ofprivileges. titions relating to Elections, during this Session, after Friday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- WaT9 and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Earl of Dysert reported from the Committee, to Half-pay. whom the Papers relating to Half-pay were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Resolved, 'I hat no Person, having any Employment Civil or Military, shall be intitled unto Half-pay.

Resolved, That no Person, who hath either sold hisr

Commission,

ajt 6° — 70

Commission, or been broke for any Misdemeanour, shall be intitled unto Half-pay.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Bill to resume the Grants of all Resumption Lands, and other Revenues of the Crown, since the Sixth of Gi ants. Day Qf February One thousand Six hundred Eighty-four;

and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next

Fees of Of- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ficer* of the wjj0m ft was referred to inspect and settle the Fees to be ouse* taken by the Officers of the House, be made upon

Tuesday Morning next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

King's Bench Ordered\ That Mr. Fitton Gerrard, Mr. Leighton, be

nson. added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the King's-Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; is committed.

Howland's Ordered, That Lord Russell, Mr. Drake, Mr. Crane, Estate. Mr. Ashly, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ashurst, Mr.

llayntr, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking the Estate in Law, of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged to Jeffrey and Edward Howland, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, T die Martii; 12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Martii. A. 1699.

committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follows; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 21. After " Germany," insert, " Christian " Lilly, Son of Thomas Lilly, by Maiy his Wife, born " at Hamborough in Germany; Antony Fackenhoff, Son " of William Fackenhoff, by Helena his Wife, born at " Munich in Germany; William Mesuer, Son of John " Conrade Mesuer, by Anne his Wife, born in Bern in " Switzerland-, James Dayrolle, alias Teisoniere, Son of " Jer. Teisoniere, by Maiy his Wrife, born at St. Germain in France; Moses Amyrant, Son of Moses c Amyrant, by Mary his Wife, born at Paris in France;

" Philip James de Lacombe de Virgny, Son of John de " Lacombe, by Elizabeth his Wife, bora at Paris in " France; James and Francis Gibson, both Infants under " the Age of Sixteen Years, Sons of John Gibson, by Mary his Wife, born at the Boosh in Holland."

L. 35. After Swinford, insert, " Christian Lilly,

" Antony Fackenhoff, William Messuer, James Dayrolle, alias Teisoneire, Moses Amyrant, Philip James M de Lacombe, James and Francis Gibson

L. 48. The same Amendment.

Pr. 2. L. 23. The same Amendment,

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the Com- Corporate mittee, to whom the Bill to prevent Disputes that may Oaths of arise by Members of Corporations having neglected to office* sign the Association in due time is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for indemnifying such Members of Corporations, not being Justices of Peace, as neglected to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declarations, in due time; but have qualified themselves upon other Occasions.

Prayers.

TJfil L LI AM Rotshouck, Gosminus Vanhoogstaaten, Christopher Greenwood, Rowland Rowlandson, Paid Hensch, Joshua Nogier, John Nogier, James Gaulter, Isaac Bardeau, John Smith, John Strachon, Stephen Bus-car let, John Lewis Loubier, and James Gobier, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Committee Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert, the Lord Hyde, of Privileges. Colonel Granville, Sir John Leveson Gower, Sir Peter Coryton, Sir James Etheridge, Sir Bernard Granville, Mr. Cary, Sir William Glyn, Mr. Pinnell, Mr. Darell, Mr. Drew, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Praed, Mr. Vivian, Sir Hen. Seymour, Mr. Tredenham, Major General Trelawny, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Army

Arrears.

Ditto.

A Petition of Hanahh Hassall, of Torparley, in the County Palatine of Chester, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there remains due to her Son, Thomas Hassall, who died in their Majesties Service, as Quarter-master to Colonel Theodore Russell's Troop of Horse, 58/. 125. And praying Relief for the same against the said Colonel Russell, who abides in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Master Gunner and Gunners of his Majesty's Fort and Garison of Kingston upon Hull was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have almost Seven Yeare Pay due to them, and Subsistence from the Second of December last; and have not had any Cloathing for above Eight Years; whereby they are reduced to a miserable Condition, for want of Credit: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for DealeWat* supplying the Town and Port of Deale with fresh Water works, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon, Sir Abst. Danby, Sir insolvent Edward Hungerford, Mr. Archdale, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Debtors. Hancock, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Monstevens, Mr. Philips, Mr.

Freke, Mr. Osbourne, Lord Cornbury, Colonel Kirkby,

Sir John Mordant, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several poor Prisoners for Debt are referred.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to Passage whom the Bill for the more speedy and effectual making from Char a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln s-inn- eery-lane fields, and Places adjacent, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Undertakers to borrow at Interest, upon the Credit of this Act, Three thousand Pounds, at the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the better expediting and carrying on the said new Way:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks: And the Blanks were filled up by the House: And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

D'Harcourt's, Mr. Lozvther reported from the Committee, to whom 4c. Nat. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Oliver d'Harcourt, and others was

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt and Damage, in Debtors the Sheriff's Ward for the County of Dorset, was pre^ Petition, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, being

reduced

by

i2 W. III. 7# — 8° Mar Hi. 273

reduced to the utmost Exigents of Poverty, are altogether .....to render that Satisfaction to their Creditors

they willingly would by their Industry, if unconfined: And praying the Commiseration of the House for their Relief and Liberty, as shall be thought meet Ordet'ed, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom other Petitions of Prisoners are referred.

Sdon A Bill for the better employing and relieving the Poor

r- of the City of London was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That there be paid to James Hooper Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, English Money, for the great Services by him performed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the Thirteenth Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and Land Tax; is committed; That they do receive a Clause for paying the said Sums of Money out of the Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered and Declared, That all Bills, relating to the Poor, be deemed and taken to be public Bills; and pass without paying Fees for the same.

fenwth of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a fW Committee of the whole House, to consider further of I the Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion.

I Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. Rowland Gwynne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwynne reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the same; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

£ '

: Met Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with a Letter from najeihis \ym % Johnson Esquire, touching his Election, whether he will serve for the Borough of Alborough, or Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the said Letter be laid before the House upon Tuesday Morning next.

jmmis- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take were of into Consideration the great Services performed by the !^or' Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates of Ireland.

And this House being satisfied of the Integrity and Diligence of James Hooper Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners;

Resolved, That the said Mr. Hooper's Services be also considered by this House.

Resolved, That there be paid to the Earl of Drogheda, one of the said Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, English Money, for the great Services by him performed.

Resolved, That there be paid to FrancisArmesly Esquire, one other of the said Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, English Money, for the great Services by him performed.

Resolved, That there be paid to John Trenchard Esquire, one other of the said Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, English Money, for the great Services by him performed.

Resolved, That there be paid to James Hamilton Esquire, one other of the said Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, English Money, for the great Services by him performed.

Resolved, That there be paid to Henry Langford Esquire, one other of the said Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, English Money, for the great Services by him performed.

Resolved, That there be paid ter Sir Richard Leving Knight, one other of the said Commissioners, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, English Money, in Consideration of his Expences in Execution of the Commission relating to the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That there be paid to Sir Francis Brewster Knight, one other of the said Commissioners, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, English Money, in Consideration of his Expences in Execution of the Commission relating to the Irish Forfeitures,

Vol. 13.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Employing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Poor, to consider further of the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, and have Committees. Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock. 12

Venerisy 8° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERE D, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, villere* intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Estate. Fitzgerald Villers, and raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children by Edward Fitzgerald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti- Lady Bond's tuled, An Act for settling all Differences concerning Dame Will. Mary Bond's Will; and for Performance of the same; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for settling the Reversion of the Farm of Nether* Harrison's cotty in the County of Oran, for Payment of the Debts Estate, and Legacies of George Harrison Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dolby,

Mr. Hayes, Sir Rob^ Dovers, Mr. Brewer, Sir Isaac Re-bow, Mr. Bertie, Sir JVm. Scawen, Mr. Price, Mr.

Offley, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Davy, Mr. Monsteoens,

Mr. Rayner, Mr. Blofeitd, Mr. Morgan, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Freke, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Probert,

Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lake, Mr. Banks, Mr.

Pleydell, Sir JVm. Rich; and all that serve for the Counties of Oxford and Berks: And that they do meet at Four a Clock, in the Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wessell's to enable Leonard Wessell Esquire, to sell the Manor of Estate. Acres Fleet, in the County of Essex, settled on his Marriage with Sarah his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure; laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in Purchase of other Lands, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVm.

Scawen, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Hayes, Sir Robert Dovers,

Mr. Stratford, Mr. Campion, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr.

Osbourne, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Ber-nardiston, Mr. Pye, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Hughes, Mr. Hancock, Sir Rich. Cox, Mr. Philips, Mr.

Ashurst, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Crane, Sir Edw. Hungerfoi'd,

Mr. Davye; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex,

Bucks, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomas' to enable Dolby Thomas Esquire to sell Lands in Islington, Estate* in Middlesex, settled on his Marriage with Dorothy his Wife, as Part of her Jointure; he settling another Estate,

4 A of

, by

Army

Arrears.

Mansell's

Estate.

Gardner

Estate.

Harbours.

Bone-lace.

Expiring

Laws.

Assaying of Plate.

274

8° Martii.

A, 1699.

of equal or greater Value, in Keu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of die Gunners of his Majesty's Garisonsin the Isle of Wight was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for Seven Years last past, they have been paid only Six-pence per Diem, being Half-pay only; which has not been any Support to their Families, but has reduced them to great Debts and Necessities: That, notwithstanding the y were favourably mentioned the last Year, in the Act of Parliament for their Provision, nothing has been paid of their Arrears, nor have they any Credit left for their, Support: And praying Redress in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Price reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Edward Mansell Esquire to mortgage and sell the Impropriate Rectories of Llanridian |nd Penrica, in the County of Glamorgan, for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Henlys, and other Lands, of more Value; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the same, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; tfkich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered hi At the Clerk's Table: Where the same wehe once rdad throughout; arid then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Rill, From the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardner arid Sarah his Wife, late the Estate of P^illiam Ridges Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fee sold for Payment of Debts and Legacies mentioned in his Will; and for applying thA Residue of the Money upon Trust therein specified; was rfead the Third time.

Resoved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the sahie, without Ariy Amendments.

A Bill to prevent any more Lands being inned frotn atiy Harbour, of any more Stops put to the Flowing and Reftowing of the Tide into any Harbour of this Kingdom; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Vmtion this House, to the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing of frivolous >v es‘ and vexatious Suits in the Principality of Wales... in the Counties Palatine: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ma/sEsu to enable Thomas May Gentleman to sell Lands in the County of Suffolk; which were settled upon his Marriage; and to convey other Lands in the same County, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; without any Amendment: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jacobson'* for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, and others, with some Nat Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Arid theri the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cook reported from the Committee, to whom the Vagrants Bill for the mote effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent,

Was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon one of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Woollen of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the nufactun Duties upon Woollen Manufactures exported is com- Ac* mitted, That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain a Clause in the Act of Navigation, which excepts the restraining the Importation of Commodities from the Streights, and Levant Seas; so as the same may be most for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture.

The Earl of Ranelagh acquainted the House, That their Answer Address having been presented to his Majesty, That his Addresl Majesty would use his Endeavours to procure other Princes and States to pay their Proportions of the Debt due to the Prince of Denmark; his Majesty was pleased to say.

That he will use his utmost Endeavours to procure the Princes and States concerned to pay their Proportions of the Debt due to the Prince of Denmark.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey have Leave to go Leave 1 into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc

Mr. Bertie, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to repeal an Act made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cutwork: And the sanie was received, arid read the First time-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Pkrpont, Major Holmes, Sir Tho. Willdugby, Mr. Wilkins, be added to the Committee appointed to consider what Laws are expired, and near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That Mr. Yates, Sir Thotnas Grosvcnour, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Lancaster, and Gloucester, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for appointing Assay-masters for the assaying of PHfe, in the most considerable Cities and Towns in this Kingdom, is comiriltted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways 1 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty7.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported # from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent- eland ing and punishing unlawful and clandestine Trading be Trad<

read

12 W. III.

8° — 9° Martii.

275

Estates given 1 to Superstitious Uses.

iipply Bill; ind Tax i Irish forfeitures.

read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered That the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates, and Interests, in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards

I paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary

Occasions.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

| v And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock. 12

Sabbati, 9° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

ArtnNavi-

pfccn.

Thames

Yfaeraren.

fowl

Prayers.

MR.Offley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, from Bristoll to Bath, navigable, is committed, That he was directed to move, That they may have Power to report their Opinion upon the Petitions to them referred, relating to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee have Power to report their Opinion upon the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Committee do forthwith proceed upon the said Bill, having due regard to all the Petitions relating to the same.

A Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames; and for providing One Order and Government amongst them, and also amongst the Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. England, Earl of Dysert, Mr. Skillet, Mr. Cook, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Poultney, Sir Abstrup. Dmby, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Offley, Mr. Machell, Sir Wm. JVogan, Sir Fran. Blaalc, Lord Hartington, Mr. Duke, Sir John Cope, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Fran. Windham, Sir John Fagg, Mr. York, Sir John Mordant, Sir Bath. Shouer, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Westbrook, Mr. Archdale Sir Rich Cocks, Mr. White, Mr. Blofeild, Sir James Hubland, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Yates, Mr. Crane, Mr. Hancoc/c, Mr. Hayes, Sir Jos. Turner; and all that serve for Sea Ports, and Counties adjoining to the River of Thames: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-jnittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for appointing a small Number of Watermen to convey Persons cross the River on Sundays; and applying the Profits arising thereby for the Maintenance vof aged and decayed Watermen, and Widows of Watermen.

A Petition of Edward Edwards, Thomas Bryan, John Cook, and Isaac Jacob, in behalf of themselves, and many other chief Agents, and their Substitutes, employed for preventing the Exportation of Wool, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they have quitted their several Ways of Living, to accept erf Deputations as chief Agents under the Commissioners for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and faithfully discharged their Vol. 13.

Duties therein: And praying not only to be continued in such their Employs, but reasonable Salaries allowed them; and to be reimbursed what they have expended in so public a Service.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for preventing the Exportation of Wool, is referred, be made.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viller*' for setting the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerald Vliters, and Estate, raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children, by Edward Fitzgerald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poltncij,

Mr. Clerk, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Rob. Dovers, Mr. Pop-ham, Lord Hartington, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. England, Mr. Gurdon, Mr. Crane,

Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brother ton, Mr Mompesson, Sir James Oxindon, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm.

Fillers, Sir Rich. Farington, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Roberts,

Mr. Philips, Sir John Mordant, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr.

Htrvey, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Robert Austen, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Lutlerell:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Suppressing to whom the Bill for the better Suppression of Piracy is Piracy, committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to suppress Bumb-boats from selling Brandy, Tobacco, and ether Things, to the Ships in the River of Thames:

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady Bond'* for the Settling all Differences concerning Dame Mary Bond's Will; and for performing the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Duke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Buscawen, Mr.

Rayner, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Hyshorn, Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Yates, Sir Abstr. Danby, Sir Rich. Cox,

Mr. Topham, Mr. England, Mr. Byerly, Sir James Grindon, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Robert Dashwood, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Fox; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for the applying all Land Tax the forfeited Estates, and Interests, in Ireland, and all p^fekures Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill . for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Guards and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause for the vesting all Lands and Revenues in Ireland given to Chantries, and other superstitious Uses, since the 13th Day of February 1684, to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Lord Lyvyn have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Leighton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Thomas Hawksly and Roger Hunt, Over- Expences of seers for the Poor at Nottingham, was presented to the " iV?^sses at" House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, at committee, the Request of George Gregory Esquire, Petitioner against Robert Sacheverell Esquire, Sitting Member in this House,

and

Dover

llarbour.

Woollen Manufactures, &c.

Growth of Popery.

Ways and Means.

Corporation

Offices.

Committees.

Thames

Watermen.

276 90 — 11° Martii.

and pursuant to an Order from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, with the several Books of the Poors Rates for the said Borough, did attend the said Committee from the 26th Day of February last to this time; notwithstanding which, the said Mr. Gregory now refuseth to pay them their reasonable Charges in coming to Town, their Expences here, and returning Home; they being poor Men, and not having wherewith to subsist: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Gregory do pay the Petitioners their reasonable Charges, to be settled by the Chairman of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House wil^ upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the Duties upon Woollen Manufactures exported is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for taking away the Duty granted, in Trust for the late Countess of Portland, on white Cloths exported unmanufactured, after the Determination of the present Patent thereof.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Mompesson, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more speedy and effectual determining the Right to Offices in Corporations: And the same was received.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-

ing, Eight a Clock.

Lun(ef 11° die Martii;

12* Gulielini Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Sir Joseph Williamon Knight, and of the Lady Catharine O Brien Baroness Clifton, his Wife, only Sister and Heir of Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there being a Bill passing this House for the better Explanation of former Acts made touching Watermen rowing on the River of Thames; the Petitioners are advised such a Bill will be of manifest Prejudice to the ancient Rights of the said Duke's Inherit--ance, in relation to a Court called Curia Cursus aquae, in his Manor of Gravesend: And praying to be heard, as to the saving such Right, before the said Bill doth pass. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

1599.

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Dee navigable Dee was read the Third time. Navigation,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover and preserve the Navigation upon the River Dee.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That die Committee of the whole House, to Royal whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Company Fishery, of the Royal Fishery of England was referred, be discharged from the same: And that it be referred to a particular Committee to receive Proposals for Encouragement of the said Fishery; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Carteret,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. England, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Greenfexli,

Sir Phil. Butler, Mr.*SV. John, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Jos. Tver denham, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Bridges, Sir Baz. Dixwell,

Colonel Byerly, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Cook, Sir Robert Napper, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Fran. Blaak, Mr. Travers; and all that serve for the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of die Mayor, Jurats, and Capital Inha* Thame* bitants, of the Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, in the Watermei. County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are a Corporation by Charter, by which they have, granted to them, several Rights, as to the Government of the long Ferry, by Barges, or Tilt-Boats, from the said Town of Gravesend and Milton, to London; the which Rights, they are advised, will be prejudiced by a Bill passing this House for the better Explanation of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames: And praying to be heard, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon.

A Petition of John Pargiter, John Hooper John Upton, Theodore Jacobson, of London, Merchants, and Kendrick Estate Edisbury Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Theophilus Oglethorp having

lent

Sir Rowland Gwynne acquainted the House, That he Expences of had, pursuant to their Order, settled the Costs to be paid Witnesses by Mr, Gregory, to the Overseers of the Poor of Notting ^ttendillga ham; and that Mr. Gregory had paid the same; and said, ommUtw‘ That he had satisfied them before, but that his Agent was refused the Sight of the Poors Books.

A Petition of several poor Prisoners for Debt, and Debtors Damages, in his Majesty's Gaol for the County of Bed- Petition, ford, in behalf of themselves, and of divers others, in Custody in the said Gaol, and other the Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, under their Confinements, they are deprived of the Ordinances of God, and Service of Man; their Families being become a Burden to others, for whom, by their Industry, they might make a happy Provision;-and, their Creditors being inexorable, unless the Compassion of this House interpose, they are likely to be confined for Life, a Punishment almost as severe as that inflicted on Thieves and Murderers: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petitions of other Prisoners are referred.

i 2 W. III. 11° — 12° Martii. 277

lent Echvard Fitzgerald, alias Fillers, the Sum of 2,000l. in the Year 1686; and had a Mortgage of several Manors, and Lands, for securing the same; the said Sir Theophilus, in the Year 1688, in Consideration of 2,117/. 13s. 6d. then due to him,.. assign the said Mortgage to Jos. Hornby, of London, Goldsmith; who, with his Brother and Partner, being indebted more than they could pay to the Petitioners, and other Creditors, in May 1698, assigned the said Mortgage to the Petitioners towards their Satisfaction; but that now, by a Bill passing this Honourable House, for the vesting the said Estate in Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of Catharine Fitgerrald, Widow of the said Mortgager, without taking the least Notice of the said Mortgage, the Petitioners are in Danger of losing their said Debt; And praying to be heard against such Bill before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Passage from An ingrossed Bill for the more speedy and effectual 'Chuncery making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lin-SaVloin* c°lri*~inn*foMs, and Places adjacent, was read the Third time-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title j be, An Act for the more speedy and effectual making a

' convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln s-inn-

1 folds, and Places adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Brother ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Governors of Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, presented Plantations, to the House a Bill to punish Governors of Plantations here, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations:

I And the same was received; and read the First time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-

morrow Morning.

Importing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

whom it Avas referred to examine what has been done

! upon the former Laws against the Exportation of Wool;

and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures; and to report the same, with their Opinion of what maj be further necessary to be done; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Reports from Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of

Committee Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of the ciPrivilege*. greach of Privilege against Mr. Lyster; and also touching the Election for the Town of Brecon; and also upon the Petition relating to Sir Thomas Grosvenor; and the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against him; and also touching the Election for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

to- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, tQ

Measure of whom the Bill for ascertaining the Water-measure of Fruit ml is committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-j solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

\ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

t: granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

\ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to i'eceive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Doctor Newton;

Vol. 13.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lac/» for Sale of several Western Manors and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esquire, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon; and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ricarde's, naturalizing John Ricarde, Jacob Dabbadie, and others: &c# Nat*

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Doctor Dccoenant, Mr. Cox, be added Army to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several dis- Arrears, banded Officers and Soldiers, against Colonel Collumbine, is referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee

And then the House adjourned till TVIBorrow Morning, Eight a CJlock.

Mart is, 12° die Marini 12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

cyOHN Bouya'iodk the Oaths appointed, in order J to his Naturalization.

A Bill to naturalize John Bourges, and others, was Bourges,&c. read a Second time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gxvynne, Mr. Morntevens, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Edon,

Sir Jacob Baunks, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Mompesson, Mr.

Bridges, Sir Willough.Hickman, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr.

Hayes, Earl of Dysert, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Rayner,

Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Hughes, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

Hancock, Mr. Osbourne, Mr. Duke, Sir WalterYour\g, Mr.

Clarke, Mr. Brewer, Mr. England, Mr. Freke, Sir Fran.

Blake, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. White, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Battiscomb, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Isham, Sir John Philips, Sir John Rogers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

A Petition of Thomas Vyner Esquire was presented to Villers* the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a Bill pas- Estate\ sing this House, for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerald Fillers \ and raising of Money for Payment of Debts; the Petitioner is like to be prejudiced in a Debt of 300l. and Interest, due to him from Edward Fitzgerrald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is comr mitted: And that the Petitioner, and John Pargiter, and others, whose Petition was presented to the House Yesterday, relating to the said Bill, be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, on their said Petitions, upon Saturday next, when the said Committee is to sit.

A Petition of Lieutenant Hugh Gyles was presented tp Half-pay. the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath served as a Commission Officer in the late Wars in Ireland and Flanders, till, by his Wounds and Hardships, he was rear dered incapable of Service; and has yet had no Benefit of Half-pay, nor his Arrears paid him: And praying, hp pjay be admitted into the Number of those Officers, who, by the Bounty of this House, are to receive the Benefit of Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Childs the Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, Jate of Sir Josiah Child Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by 4 B the

12° Martu.vz. 1699.

the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with die Daughter of Sir Thomas Cook Knight, was committed. That they had examined and considered the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Pill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one.by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wats^mea- Sir Richard Cox reported from the Committee to whom suitorbmL the mu for ascertaining the Water-measure of Fruit was committed, That they had considered the same, and the Petition to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afr terwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the H01.se.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exporting A Petition of the Woolcombers, and other Labourers, Wvol. whose Livelihood depends on the Woollen Manufactures in the City and County of Exon, was presented to thi House, and read; setting forth. That they are driven to extreme Want and Distress, for want of Employment; their Employ-el's not being able to get Wool to employ them, although there hath not been expended above a Third part of the Quantity of Wool this Year, as hath been for some Years past: And praying such effectual Means may be taken to prevent the Exportation of Wool, that the Petitioners may thereby find Redress.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State and Condition of the Trade of this Kingdom,

Merefeiid'* Mr. Mannaton reported from the Committee, to whom Esau* ^e ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of Robert Merefcild and John Merefcitd Esquires, deceased; and for ascertaining the Proportions between the Widow of the said Robert, and his surviving Children, was committed. That they had examined and considered the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Growth of Sir Rowland Gwynne reported, from the Committee of Popery. the whoIe House, to whom the Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and - then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for allowing the whole Reward of One hundred Pounds to such Person as shall discover and convict any Person of sending any Child, or other Person under thefr Government, into

Parts beyond the Seas, to be educated in the Romish Religion:

And the same was twice read and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That Protestant Children of Popish Parents may not, in the Lives-time of such Parent, for want of fitting Maintenance, be necessitated to embrace the Popish Religion, contrary to their own Inclinations:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up: And, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto, by the House, to be mad*

Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved\ Nemine contradicente. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Jekyll, Chief Justice of Chester, Leave of ve Leave to go his Circuit. Absence.

Ordered, That all Members of Sea Port Towns,.and of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee # *.

Ordered, That Sir John Pacldngton, Mr. Banks, Harrisons Parker, Mr. Hancock, be added to the Committee, to Estate, whom the Bill for selling the Reversion of the Farm of Nethercott, in the County of Oxvn, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison Esquire, deceased, is committed

; A Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands and other Estatesgivea Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying to super-the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; was read a srttious Usc* Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Lord her, Sir James Oxindon, Mr. Stonehouse,

Mr. Philips, Mr. Duke, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Buscazcen, Mr. Hayes, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Fairfax, Sir IVm. Blacket, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Bullock, Mr. Bierly, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Tredenham, Mr.

I reton, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. diamond. Sir Abstr.Danby, Lord Coningsby,

Sir Waites' Young, Mr. Mowitague, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blake, Mr. Thursby, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Hercey, Sir Christopher Hales, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Roberts, Lord Corn-bury, Mr. Clark, Mr. England, Mr. Tilneif, Mr. Paget,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. JoUiffe, Mr. Isham, Sir JVm. Blake, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Freke, Sir JVm. Villers; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of Francis Godolphin Esquire, Nephew and Ditty. Heir, and one of the Administrators, of Sir JVm. Godolphin, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill being brought into this House, for the better Discovery of Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses, the Petitioner is advised such Rill, if it should pass, as now penned, will be very prejudicial to his Right in and to the real and personal Estate of Sir JVm. Godolphin aforesaid, settled by Act of Parliament: And praying, his Right may be saved by a Clause therein; or that he may be heard to the same, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Mr. Speaker, according to Order, laid before the House Member the Letter of JVm. Johnson Esquire, which had been de- makes his livered to him, touching the said Mr. Johnsojts Election, Election, whether he would serve for the Borough of Aldborough, or Orford, in the County of Suffolk.

And

i a W. III. \>? Martii.

279

And the Letter was read; and is as followeth; viz. Sir,

Being bound upon a Voyage beyond Sea, which will hinder me from attendingtny Duty in the House this Sessions; and Sir Edmund Bacon and myself having a Petition depending before the Committee of Elections, about the Election for Orford; I humbly take the Liberty to acquaint you, That in case Sir Edmund Bacon and myself be declared duly elected for the said Corporation, that I do hereby make my Election to serve for the Corporation of Orford; which I request you to communicate to the House; that they make such Provision for having the Corporation of Aldborough, for which I likewise serve, represented, as is usual in such Cases. I am, Sir, Your most humble Servant,

20 November 1699. IVm. Johnson.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to inspect Precedents, where Members chosen for several Places, and being absent, have, by Letters or Messages, made their Elections for which of the Places they will serve; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Bridges, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Earl of Dysert, Sir Thoms Willoughby, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Low t her, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Gwyti, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Palmes, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Conyers, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Jos. Tredenliam, Mr. Tredenham, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Owen Buckingham* Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Byerley, Sir Wm. Ashurst; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mtn Sir Richard Onslow reported, from the Committee of Wwofac- the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the Du- c* ties upon Woollen Manufactures exported was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

i *

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Assaying of Ordered\ That Mr. Hughes, Mr. Philips, Mr. Thorn-

hough, Mr. Freke, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Northmore, Mr.

Foley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for appointing Assay-masters for the Assaying of Plate, is committed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the further raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the additional Duties of Twenty-nve Pounds per Cent, on all French Goods, and Twenty-five Pounds per Ton on all Dench Wines and Brandies,* the Duty of Five Shillings per Ton upon act French Shipping, the Plantation Duties, and Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence per Pound Weight upon all wrought Silks, be applied to the Service of this present Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the further Duty to be laid on all wrought Silks,

Bengalis, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India; and all Callicoes, painted, dyed, or stained there ,* imported before the Thirtieth of September One thousand Seven hundred and One; be Fifteen Pounds per Cent upon the gross Sales at the Candle, over and above the Duties now payable for the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Duty belaid upon all Muslins imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*,

That the said Duty upon Muslins imported be Fifteen Pounds per Cent upon the gross Sales at the Candle, over and above the Duties now payable for the same.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Lownds do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they do pre-i pare, and bring into the Bill, a Clause for a Drawback of the Duties upon East India Goods, upon. the Exportation thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, That they do prepare, and bring into the Bill, a Clause for the Import-

ing, Custom-free, a certain Quantity of Paper #for the printing Doctor Allies Ecclesiastical History.

A Bill for the better employing and relieving the Pool! London Poor of the City of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Clarke, Sir Francis Child, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir James Hubland, Sir Robert Napper, Colonel Berkly, Mr. England, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Mordaunt,

Mr. Perry, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Foley\

Mr. Bernardiston, Mr. Proby, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Boulter,

Mr. Guy, Sir Hen. Parker, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Molyntux,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Duke, Mr. Philips, Mr. Chase; Sir Walter Young, Mr. Moore, Mr. Bridges; and all that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fouif a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Pickering be added to the ! Bdlamonts Committee, to whom the Petition of Jeremiah Bass I Conduct. Esquire, and John Lofting Merchant, against the Earl i of Bellamont, is referred.

Ways and Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the w hole Means. House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the Committee; which they had directed j him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read,; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

I That, towards the raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Surplusage over and above Seven hundred thousand Pounds of this Year's Produce of the Subsidies, Duties, and small Branches, of the Revenue appropriated to the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, be applied for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the further raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds be raised, by inlarging the Time to purchase Annuities.

Vol. 13,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseer s of the pitto. Poor of the several Parishes of St. Sepulchres, St. Andrew's Holborne, St. Bridget alias St. Brides, and Part of St. Martins Ludgate, in the Ward of Farrington without, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill brought into this House for the inlarging the Powers of the Corporation of the City of London in employing the Poor, the Petitioners conceive, should the same pass, it will be very injurious and oppressive to them, and all the larger Wards of the said City: And praying the y may be enabled to take care of their own Poor, by a Bill to be brought in for that End; and that they may be heard what they have to offer against the Bill now before the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other Ditta, Inhabitants, of the Parish of Christ Church within JS'ew-gate, London, w# read; setting forth, That Christ's

Hospital

8o

i2°. — 130

A. 1699.

Supply Bill; Resumption of Grants.

Fraudulent

Insurances.

County

Gaols.

Governors of Plantations.

Hospital is within the said Parish; but have always kept their own Watch and Ward, and maintained such poor Children as have been left there; till lately, great Numbers having been left, the Governor hath sent them to the Churchwardens of the said Parish, to their great Prejudice: That there being a Bill now before this House, for employing the Poor of the City of London, they humbly hope and pray, some Provision and Redress may be made for them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill to resume the Grants of all Lands, and other Revenues of the Crown, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill to prevent Frauds in the Insurance of Ships and Merchandize, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom |he Bill tp enable Justices of Peace to repair the Gaols in their respective Counties was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to punish Governors of Plantations here, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Mr, Solicitor General, Mr. Ileysham, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Fran. Windham, Sir Cha. Bioys, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Hayes, Sir Thtoph. Oglethorpe, Mr. Yates, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bristow, Sir IVm. Phippard, Mr. Harley, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Fre/ce, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Philips, Mr; England, Sir John Philips, Mr. Shallet, Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Hancock, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Osbourne; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Call of the House.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Employing the Poor.

Fees of Officers of the House.

?'»or Laws.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect and settle the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the House, be made upon this Day Sevennight, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to reduce all the Laws relating to the Poor into One Law, do sit Tomorrow Morning.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 13° die Martii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act D'Harcourti for the Naturalization of Oliver D'Harcourt, and &c. Nat others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Edward Douglas, was presented to the Half-pay, House, and read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding his having been in the Service of the Marines till 1698, as Deputy Muster-master, yet he is neither admitted into Half-pay, nor is paid his Arrears: And praying, he may be added to the list of Officers for Half-pay; or that he may be paid his Arrears out of the 55,520/. provided by this House for the Two Marine Regiments.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

A Petition of the Master Gunner and Gunners of his Army Majesty's Castle and Garison of Chester, w as presented Arrears, to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are almost Seven Years in Arrefcr of Pay, and in Subsistence from the 2d of December last, and have not had any Cloathing for above Eight Years; they are reduced to a miserable Condition, without Credit: And praying Redress in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Syderfin* for vesting the Manor of Exton, and other Lands, in the Estate. County of Somerset, late the Estate of Thomas Syderjin Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Baunks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment,

A Petition of Richard Sills and Edmund Mansell, w as VilW presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Estate, they, being Tradesmen, gave Credit to Edward Fitzgerrald Fillers Esquire, and his Lady, by Goods to the Value of 100l.; and being informed of a Bill before this House, for the settling his and his Widow's Estate for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for Daughters; but that therein is no Provision for the Petitioners: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon, upon Satui'day next, when the said Committee is to sit.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Edward Mansell Esquire, Mansel to mortgage or sell the Impropriate Rectories of Llandii- Estate nian and Penrice, in the County of Glamorgan, for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Ilenlys, and other Lands of more Value; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable Edu ard Mansell Esquire to mortgage or sell the Impropriate Rectories of Llanriddian and Penrice, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Ilenlys, and other Lands 6f more Value.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwynne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

M

Googh

I 2W. III. 130 — 14 Martii.281

anson's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, iatituled, An Act Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Frauds in the In- Fraudulent *»te- for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Janson Esquire, deceased, surance of Ships and Merchandize be read a Second time Lisurancesi for Payment of Debts, and Provision for his Wife and Tomorrow Morning.

Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Gallop's Mr. Mompcsson reported from the Committee, to whom fctate. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of the Inheritance of the Twelfth Part of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of Bluet Wallop Esquire, during his Minority; and to purchase other Lands with the Money to be raised by such Sale, to be settled to the same Uses as the Twelfth Part was so settled; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein con-' f tained to be true; and that the Persons concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert, Lord Cheny, Sir London Wm. Cory ton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Hayes, Poor* Mr. White, Mr. Mounstevem, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, Mr. Hughes, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Brewer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better employing and relieving the Poor of the City of London is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock. 12

Jovis, 14° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii*

jy Water- Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for supplying the Town and Port of Deal with fresh Water w as committed. That they had examined the same, and heard Counsel upon the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, of the: Town of Deal, to them referred; epid had made some

Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

We of Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham have Leave to go

Absence, into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Battiscomb have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

We of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Norfolk's dissolve the Duke of Norfolk's Marriage with the Lady Divorce. Mary Mordant; and to enable him to marry again: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Growth of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the further supply. pressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the ! Protestant Religion, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock; and nothing to intervene*

Sopply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Wrax Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Mjmh gin for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests ortnures. in jreian^ ancj ap Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February, 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to 1 Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

I Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Vol. 13.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill St. Jameses for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of St. James Poon and setting them on Work: And that Mr. Poltney do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House proceeded to take into* Consideration the Jacobson's* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, &c- Kat* An Act for naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, and others:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Sk. L. 19. After " Holland," insert " Cornelius " de Nassau, Son of Henry de Nassau Dawvcrquerck,

" by Frances his Wife, born at the Hague in Holland;

" Mary Barbara Briscoe, Wife of Edward Briscoe, and " Daughter of John Toncloo, by Elizabeth his Wife,

" born at Hamburgh; Michael Levassour, Son of Michael " Levassour, by Catherine his Wife, born at Orleans,

" in France; Evert Jo Hive t, Son of Evert Jollivetj " by Mary his Wife, born at Orleans in France; and " Charles Danbuz, Son of Esay Danbuz, by Julia his " Wife, born in Agen, in the Duchy of Acquit in."

L.‘ 3. After " Insesf add " Cornelius de Nassau,

" Mary Barbara Briscoe, Michael Levassour, Evert " Jol/ivct, and Charles Danbuz"

2 Sk. L. 10. The same Amendment.

L. 38. The same Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same.

Mr. Davy reported from the Committee, to whom the Norwich Bill for confirming a Lease granted by the City of Noncich Streets, &c, to Richard Barry and George Sorocold; and another Deed between the said City and Richard Soame, and the said George Soi'ocold; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill: which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to ascertain Water-measure of Fruit Water-mea-was read the Third time: sure of Fruit.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, and to insert "and," between "Apples" and " Pears," and leave out " and other FruitAnd the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be.

An Act to ascertain Water-measure of Apples and Pears.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

4 C Aif

Thomas'

Estate,

Cattle Markets in the Hay-market.

Half-pay.

Riddell's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Land Tax and Irish forfeitures.

Growth of Popery.

282

14s MattU. J. i<?99-

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to 'enable Dolby Thomas Esquire, to sell Lands in Islington in Middlesex, settled on his Marriage with Dorothy his Wife, as Part of her Jointure; he settling another Estate, of equal or greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bwther-ton, Mr. Smithy Colonel Dove, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Scobell, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Major Holmes, Mr. Nicholson, Sir Rob. Dovers, Sir John Turner, Mr. England, Sir Cha. Blois, Mr. Blacky Mr. Blofeildy Mr. Rayner, Mr. Philips, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Philips, Earl of Dysert, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Davy, Sir Arthur Owen, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Freeman, Colonel King, Mr. Perry, Sir Stephen Leonard, Mr. Rudge, Sir Win. Thomas: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Nathanael Courson Baronet was referred, betaken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Half-pay Officers was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding this House was pleased to appropriate the Half-pay for the Year 1699, they have not received any since September: And, praying, such Methods may be taken for adjusting their former Accounts, and present Payment of their Halfpay, that their present Necessities may be relieved.

Ordered, That, in the Clause of Appropriation to be brought into the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Gari-sons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions, there be Provision made, as well for the Arrears of Half-pay, as for the Half-pay this present Year.

Ordered, That Care be taken also in the said Clause of Appropriation, That the 300,000l. given for Guards and Garisons, be strictly and particularly applied for their Maintenance; and that no more Men be kept on Foot, than that Sum will actually and fully pay.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the selling the Manor of Fenham, in the County of Northumberland, for the Payment of Debts of Thomas Riddell Esquire, and Edward Riddell his Son; and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Thomas Riddell: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, G uards, and G arisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions, is committed, to limit the Quarters of the Forces appointed for Guards and Garisons.

Mr. Speaker* 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Avon and $ for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers ^&c Avon and Froome; and for the enlightening and clean- 6 % sing the Streets of the City of Bristoll; without any Amendments.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tythesof Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and hemP and Flax, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lark Act for making the River Lark, alias Bourn, navigable, Navigation, with some Amendments: To which they desire the &c* Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Mary Duchess of Norfolk was pre- Duke of sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for putting an End to all Differences betw een the Duke her Uism*' Husband and herself, an Agreement, and Deeds pursuant to the same, were executed; whereby the Duke obtained his desired Advantage, and, hath fully enjoyed the Benefit thereof; notwithstanding which, apd without ever signifying any Dissatisfaction to or with the Petitioner, and w ithout any Notice or previous Proceeding in the ordinary Course of Justice, and to take from her that legal Trial in the Ecclesiastical Court, which by Law she is advised she is intitled to, did exhibit a Bill in the House of Peer# to dissolve his Marriage with the Petitioner, and to enable him to marry again; upon which the Proceedings were so very quick, Two Witnesses lately brought from beyond the Seas being forthwith examined against the Petitioner, and she charged with Facts supposed to be committed many Years since, and long before the said Agreement, could not be prepared to make her Defence, the Places of Abode of the Witnesses being yet not known to her; and the Petitioner hearing the said Bill is passed the House of Peers, and sent down for the Concurrence of this House: And praying to be heard by her Counsel at Law, and one Civilian, against the said Bill, before any Proceedings be had thereupon by this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read.

An ingrossed Bill for the taking off the Duties upon Woollen the Woollen Manufactures exported was read the Third Manufac-time. tures>&c-

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill Pr. L. *, after " Determination," to insert " except for " Non-payment of Rent, within Three Months after the " same becomes due and payableAnd the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly!

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, exported.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the further suppressing the Growth of Popery, and strengthening the Protestant Religion, was read the Third time:

And several Amendments were proposed to be made;

viz.

Pr. 3. L. *, To leave out, " Honours, Titles of Honours." Pr. L. # , To leave out " hereafter," and insert " from and after the said Tenth Day of April."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

12

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Dover into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Harboor* the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee be discharged from the said Bill; and that the same be committed to a particular Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That

12 W. III. 14

283

eporfa of That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges be; SL now, according to the Order of the Day, received:

6 The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[^;Uf; ] 96.

Tellers for the Noes,} "7-So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered That the said Reports be made upon Tuesday Morning next

Then the House, according to Order, proceeded to Half-paf. take into Consideration the* Report from the Committee, to whom the Papers relating to Half-pay were referred:

And the said Report was read; and also thfe Resolutions of the last Sessions; and also of this Session, relating to Half-pay; were read.

And the Report is as folloiveth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of all Vacancies which have happened in the Army since the Half-pay was established; and

how they have been supplied.

Vacancies supplied before the Vote of Address.

In the Royal Regiment of Horse:

Lieutenant George Mortimer, dead February 169^-.

Was supplied by Cornet Charles Stanley, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by Andrew Windsor, a Cornet upon Half-pay, in Colonel Windsoj\s late Regiment.

In Brigadier W'mdham's Regiment

Major Henry Foubert, quitted his Troop March 9-f.

Was succeeded by Francis Strickland, Captain Lieutenant; who was succeeded by Lieutenant Geo. Robinson; he by Cornet Charles Hall; all of the same Regiment: And the Vacancy of Cornet filled up by William Wyndham; who served as a Volunteer in the Regiment in Flanders, but is not in the List of Half-pay.

First Regiment of Foot Guards.

Lieutenant Thomas Seymour, quitted March 9 j.

Was supplied by Wm. Barrell; who had not served in the Army, and consequently is not in the List of Half-pay.

Ensign Darcy, quitted March 9-f.

Was supplied by Valentine Ryves; who had served in the Army, but is not in the List of Half-pay.

In Colonel Collingwood's Regiment.

Ensign # *, dead April 98.

Was supplied by Edward Atkinson; w ho went to the Regiment in the West Indies, but is not in the List of Half-pay.

In the Second Troop of Guards.

Captain John Devenish, Exempt, quitted May 98.

Was supplied by his Brother, Henry Devenish, but not in the List of Half-pay.

In the Second Troop of Guards.

Captain James Butler, Exempt, quitted June 98.

Was supplied by Wm. Hussey, a Brigadier of the same Troop; who was succeeded by the Adjutant William Theophilus Wildigos; and Roger Myvod made Adjutant, but is not in the List of Half-pay.

In the First Regiment of Foot Guards.

Lieutenant Colonel Willson, quitted June 98.

Was supplied by Lieutenant Thm?ias Hussey; who was succeeded by Ensign Richard Davenant; both of the same Regiment; and the Ensign's Place supplied by Nathanael Hussey, but is not in the List of Half-pay.

lieutenant Henry Lupencot, dead July 98.

WTas supplied by Captain Wm. Berry, lately disbanded, but is not in die List of Half-pay.

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards.

In Major General Earles Regiment.

Captain Wm. Cadogan, removed to Colonel Ecklings Dragoons in Ireland.

Was supplied by Colonel Freke, Lieutenant ColofTel, and upon Half-pay in the Battalion of Major General Earle's Regiment, disbanded.

; In Brigadier Selwyn's Regiment.

Ralph Payne, Ensign, dead October 1698.

; Was supplied by Robert Wansbrough, a reformed Ensign upon Half-pay in Colonel Brudeness late Regiment.

In Brigadier Trelawnyes Regiment

Ensign *, dead January 1698-9: j Was supplied by Henry Devenish, Ensign upon Half-pay in Colonel Northcott' s late Regiment - In the Royal Regiment of £)ragoons.

\ Cornet Marsh, dead.

Was supplied by John Farnham upon Half-pay^ as Ensign in Colonel Northcott's late Regiment "1\

! Vox.. 13.

Vacancies supplied since the Vote of Address.

In Colonel CollingwoocTs Regiment.

Captain Jacob Burr, quitted May 1699.

Was supplied by Humphry Cory, disbanded, and upon Half-pay in Colonel BrudenaWs late Regiment In Colonel Lloyd's Regiment

Lieutenant Colonel Williams, dead May 1699.

Was supplied by Major Francis Gore, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by Captain Henry Kelly, the eldest Captain; and Lieutenant Colonel Williams' vacant Troop given to Captain Walter Ltveson, upon Half-pay, afc Captain of One of the Troops of that Regiment, lately disbanded.

Cornet John Westorp, dead May 1699.

Was supplied by Comet Lloyd, of the Earl of Essex's Regiment; whose Place was supplied by Cornet Philips, upon Half-pay as reduced in One of the Tw o disbanded Troops of the Regiment.

In Brigadier Trelaxvnyes Regiment.

Ensign Trehem, dead May 1699.

Was supplied by Edward Harris, an Ensign in One oif the Companies of that Regiment, disbanded, and upon Half-pay.

In Major General ChurchilTs Regiment

Ensign Pelotier, quitted May 1699.

Was supplied by William Forbes, a reformed Lieutenant of Colonel George Hamilton's Regiment, but is riot in the List of Half-pay.

In the Earl of Macklesfeild's Regiment.

Gaily Chaplain, quitted April 99*

Was supplied by Thomas Sandy S) but notin the List of Half-pay.

In the First Regiment of Foot Guards.

Lieutenant Colonel Yelverton, dead June 99.

Was supplied by Colonel George Fillers, Colonel of a Regiment of Foot lately disbanded; who theft returned back to a Company again, as Captain in the same Regiment, but not in the List of Half-pay.

Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Codring ton, quitted.

Was supplied by Lieutenant Colonel John Newton, upon Half-pay, as Lieutenant to Colonel Seymour's late Regiment of Foot.

In the Second Troop of Guards.

Captain Walkenden, Exempt, dead June 99.

Was supplied by Captain Byng, a Brigadier in the same Troop; succeeded by Captain Masclary, a Sub-Brigadier; and he by Peter Hardistie, a private Gentleman of the Troop, but not in the List of Half-pay.

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards.

Ensign John Whitehall, quitted July 1698.

Was supplied by Wm. Bradbury, but not in the List of Half-pay.

Captain Harry Devenish, Exempt, quitted June 99.

Was supplied by Leonard Holmden, a Brigadier; who was succeeded by John Bridger, a Sub-Brigadier; both of the same Troop, but not in the List of Half-pay.

In the Royal Regiment of Horse.

Wm. Fitz-Jejjries, Adjutant and Quarter-Master, dead June 99.

Was supplied by John Herrey, Cornet and Adjutant upon Half-pay in Colonel Hervey's late Regiment.

Nathanael Bird, Quarter-master, dead.

Was supplied by William Williams, a Quarter-master upon Half-pay in Colonel Hawcy's late Regiment.

Vacancies

284

149- — - iS° Mar til.

A. 1699*

Half-pay. Vacancies supplied before the Vote of Address.

In Major General Lumlye's Regiment.

John Rouse, Captain Lieutenant, dead February 9-g-Was supplied by Lieutenant Patrick Lisle; who was succeeded by Cornet Thomas Sterrop, of the same Regiment; and his Commission supplied by Edward Clarke, who had served in Flanders, but is not in the List of Half-pay.

In the Duke of SchonburgKs Regiment. Lieutenant Corners, dead February 169-f-.

Was supplied by Cornet Claudius Tetefoile, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by John Clark, who is not in the List of Half-pay.

In the First Troop of Horse Guards.

The Earl of Scarborough, quitted March 169-J-.

Was supplied by the Earl of Albemarle, but not in the ' List of Half-pay.

In the Third Troop of Guards.

JVm. Tayler, Sub-Brigadier, quitted March 169!*.

Was supplied by Charles Dakin, a private Gentleman of the Troop, but not in the List of Half-pay.

In Colonel Woods Regiment.

' Lieutenant Odiarne, dead March 1699.

Was supplied by Cornet John Pit, of the same Regiment; and succeeded by Wm. Ashby, the Adjutant, lately disbanded, who is not in the list of Half-pay.

In the First Troop of Guards.

Earl of Westmorland, Guidon, dead April 1699.

Was supplied by the Lord Lovelace upon Half-pay, as Captain in Colonel Windsors late Regiment.

In the Second Troop of Guards.

Captain D'Agar, Exempt, dead April 1699.

Was supplied by John Walkenden, a Brigadier; and succeeded by John Denty, a Sub-Brigadier in the same Troop, who is not in the List of Half-pay.

Vacancies supplied since the Vote of Address.

In Colonel Collingrvood' s Regiment.

The Colonel, dead June 99.

Was supplied by Lieutenant Colonel Fox; who is succeeded by Major Broughton; and the Major by Captain Musgrave, the eldest Captain; all of the same Regiment; and the Colonels vacant Company by

Captain DelaVal ^Reformed Captains np-

Captain Harbin, dead September 99; by(«>n Hair-pay iuCoionei

L . t 1 J MHoh't lute Regiment.

Captain Lyons. (.

Captain Forbes, dead September 99.

Was supplied by Captain Francis Foulkes, a reformed Lieutenant upon Half-pay in Colonel Mordant's Regiment.

Lieutenant Adams, dead September 90.

Was supplied by Lieutenant Arthur Booth, upon Halfpay in Colonel Holt's late Regiment.

In the Third Troop of Guards.

Thomas Bew, Brigadier, quitted October 99.

Was supplied by Francis Savage, a Sub-Brigadier of the Troop, but not in the List of Half-pay.

In Colonel Fo.r's Regiment.

James Rythyn, Captain Lieutenant, dead November 90.

Was supplied by Lieutenant Robert Thornton, of the same Regiment, but not in the List of Half-pay.

In Colonel Fox's Regiment.

Lieutenant Thornton, advanced to Captain Lieutenant, November 99.

Was supplied by Lieutenant George Harrison, upon Half-pay in Colonel Holt's late Regiment, but not in the List of Half-pay*

Lieutenant Vize, dead.

Was supplied by Ensign Digeon, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by James Collycr, not in Half-pay.

Ensign dead.

Was supplied by Lieutenant William Cook, of Colonel Lillingston's Regiment, lately disbanded, not in Half-pay.

Ensign dead.

Was supplied by Henry Brookes, not in Half-pay.

Ensign dead.

Was supplied by Fjwicis Tyrrell, notin Half-pay.

In the Troop of Grenadier Guards.

Henry Paget, Chaplain, quitted December 1699.

Was supplied by John Brady.

In the First Regiment of Foot Guards.

Lieutenant Saurency, quitted November 99.

Was supplied by Ensign ViUcneux, of the same Regiment; who was succeeded by Laurence St. Loe, who was never before in the Service, and consequently not in the List of Half-pay.

Coldstream Regiment of Guards.

Lieutenant Henry Cartwright, quitted December 99.

Was supplied by Butler Ramsden, not in the List of Half-pay.

Resolved, That all English Officers, who served in Scots Regiments upon the English Establishment, at the Time of their being disbanded, shall be intitled to Half-pay; notwithstanding any former Resolution to the contrary.

Ordered, That the Mistake, in the said Report mentioned, touching Major Rowes, be rectified; and that his Name, as Major, be inserted into the List of Half-pay.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Suppressing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Piracy. whom the Bill for the better Suppression of Piracy is , committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Royal Ordered, That Mr. Osbourn, Sir Robert Napper, Sir

Fishery. Fran. Blank, Mr. Travers, Doctor Davenant, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of the Royal Fishery o t England is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 15° die Mar til 12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Pou/they, according to Order, presented to the T

House a Bill for the Relief of the Poor of the p0'or. Parish of St. James's, and setting them on Work: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Josiah Child Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the better Performance of certain Covenants entered-into by the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas* Cook Knight, was read the Third time.

Rcsolvctf,

Harrison's

Estate.

Kings Bench 1'nsun,

|. fillers'

t Lu"-

! Half-pay.

Fish taken by Foreigners.

Riddell's

Estate.

Bone-lace.

12 W. III. 15' MaftH

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. Hen. Parker, Colonel Bierly, Sir Jam. Hubland, Mr. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, late of Gwyn, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Archdale, Mr. Bro-Sir Josiah Child Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the therton, Mr. England, Mr. IIozv, Mr. Fox, Sir Rich. better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by Cox, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Ireton, Sir Rob. Edon, Mn the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Moor, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Mitten, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas Cook Knight. Lloyd, Mr. Phillips; and all that serve for the Counties Ordered, That Sir Thomas Willoughby do carry the Bill of Backs, Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Devon, and York: to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock,

in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Dalhy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for selling the Reversion of the Farm of Nethercot, in the County of Oxon, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison Esq uire, deceased, w>as committed, That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the same, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Pla ce; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mason, Mr. Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paying off the Incumbrances on the King's Bench Prison; and for Dissolution of the said Prison; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmes, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Tho-rold, Mr. Rayner, Colonel Drake, Mr. Moor, Sir Theo. Oglethorpe, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerrald Fillers; and raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children by Edward Fitzgerrald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband; is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Suppressing whom the Bill for the better Suppression of Piracy was Pirac7* committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Signing whom the Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise by Association. Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association in due time, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legdrd and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dee Navi-to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester, gation. to recover and preserve the Navigation upon the River Dee, without any Amendment.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Passage Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient from Chan-Way out of Lincoln s-inn-fields, and Places adjacent, Liifcob's-iM without any Amendment Fields.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act French for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Protestant Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin Martin Organs, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, Orgars. for the Worship and Service of God in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to whom the Bill for the applying all the forfeited T*x Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, ^feitureg# and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February*

1688, to the Use of the Publick; and the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; were committed; That they had made several Amendments to the said Bills, and united the same, according to Order; which Amendments he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Blank for the Trustees Names was postponed.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Captain Philip Slvt Dahlem, and Captain John Delabene, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That this House having been pleased to allow Half-pay to English Officers that served in Scots Regiments upon the English Establishment, the which the Petitioners did do, till the Regiments they served in were broke; and they being naturalized, and no-ways provided for; And praying, they jnay be set upon the same Foot with his Majesty's English natural-born Subjects, in receiving Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, with the other Petitions relating to Half-pay.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Sale, within this Kingdom, of Fish taken by Foreigners in Foreign Vessels, is committed* be made Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Manor of Fenham, in the County of Northumberland, for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Riddell Esquire, and Edward Riddell his Son; and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Thomas Riddell; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lmvnds, Mr. Milbank, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hey-sham, Mr. Proby, Mr, Nicholson, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir

Vol, 13.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Commis-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sioners of upon the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, Accounts-examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, ^utiea on Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; Sllks* and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

4 D And

Norwich Streets, &c.

Dover

Harbour.

Leave of Absence.

Suppressing

Piracy.

Kidds

Piracies.

Duke of

Norfolk's

Divorce.

386 16° — 18° Martii. A 1699.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, \6° die Martii; 120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for confirming a Lease granted by the City of Norwich to Richard Barry and George Sorocold; and another Deed between the said City and Richard Soarne, and the said George Sorocold; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming a Lease, and certain Indentures, between the City of Norwich, and Richard Barry Esquire, George Sorocold Gentleman, and Richard Soarne Merchant; and for enlightening the Streets of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Davy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Fairfax took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Fairfax reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Gott have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Blaithxvait reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Suppression of Piracy was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The House being informed, That Captain Kidd is sent for home, from the I Vest Indies;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, That the said Captain Kidd may not be tried, discharged, or pardoned, until the next Session of Parliament; and that the Earl of Bellarnont, Governor of New England, may transmit over all Commissions, Instructions, and other Papers, taken with, or relating to, the said Captain Kidd.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolk's Marriage with the Lady Mary Mordant, and to enable him to marry again, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Duchess of Norfolk be heard at the! Bar of this House, according to her Petition presented to this House the 14th Instant, upon Tuesday Morning next; and that the Duke of Norfolk be then also heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That Sir John Gmriain Baronet be summoned to attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, at the Reading of the said Bill.

A Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Supply Bill; Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; Duties on and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain rever- 1 s* sionary Annuities therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Commis-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ®ioners oi House, to consider of the Bill for the appointing Com- Accounts» missioners to examine, take, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Employing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the PoOL House, to consider further of the Bill for the better employing the Poor, and setting them on Work.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunct, 18° die Martii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Lady Bond's whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Will.

An Act for settling all Differences concerning Dame Mary Bond's Will; and for performing the same; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for selling the Reversion of the Farm Harrison's of Nethercott, in the County of Oxoti, for Payment of the £state* Debts and Legacies of George Harrison Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for selling the Reversion and Inheritance of the Farm of Nethercott, in the County of Oxon, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalby do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Os- Committees bourne; and all the Members that serve for the Counties added‘ of Cornwall, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Wales', be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill *.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Shackerley, Army Mr. Clarke, Mr. White, Mr. Parker, be added to the Arrears. Committee, to whom the Petition of several disbanded Soldiers against Colonel Columbine is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are to inspect the Expiring Laws expired, or near expiring, and which of them are Laws, fit to be continued, do consider of the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, touching the Return of Juries; and report what they conceive necessary to be done touching the same.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Bona-lace. repeal an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition

12 W. III. 18 0 Martii287

puing As- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common iations. Councilmen, of the Corporation of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Vote of this House of the 7th instant, a Clause is ordered to be added to the Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise by Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association, for indemnifying such Members of Corporations as neglected to qualify themselves according the Act made to prevent Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; the which Clause will not only encourage the Disobedience to that Law, by reinstating such as have been displaced thereby, and turning out those that have been admitted by the due Qualifications thereof; and may in time tend to the making that Law useless, which was, in late times, known to be the great Bulwark and Support of the Protestant Religion and Nation against the Oppression and Tyranny of all its Enemies: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table I until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom

! the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Wrs, relating to Colonel Collumbine is referred, have Leave to [ sit Tomorrow Morning.

mty Aningrossed Bill to enable Justices of Peace to repair the Gaols in their respective Counties, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Act should continue for Ten Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up: And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

pants. The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them I whither, by Law, they ought to be sent, was committed: And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of Peace shall tax, on the Back-side of the Certificate, a reasonable allowance for the Constable's Trouble and Expence; which shall be delivered to the chief Constable of the other Division, who shall pay the same, and have Allowance thereof from the Treasurer of the County:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, ‘ with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

felyBiii; A Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Mus-^on Hns, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

wof Ordered, That Mr. Greenfeild have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the Vol. IS.

further Consideration of the Report from the Committee Supply Bill; of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the applying all Land Tax the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Forfeitures Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions \ were committed: And several of the Amendments to the said Bills were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D, That, for the better Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue and Excise, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, if he please, to lett the same to Farm from the 24th Day of June 1700, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, being read a Second time; the same was amended by the House:

And then a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned:

And it passed in the Negative.

And then the Clause, so amended, was agreed unto by the House.

Clause E, That no Member of this, or any other Parliament, shall be capable of being a Commissioner or Farmer of the Excise, or Commissioner for determining Appeals concerning the said Duty, being read a Second time; the same was amended by the House.

And then the Question being put, That the House da agree with the Committee in the said Clause so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fCo,onel Grami> -I ellers lor the Y eas, Godfrey Copley: J 15 8*

Tellers for the Noes, $^'7^ } 98.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next,

Eleven a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt and Doctor Growth of Nercton: " Popery.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill; whom the Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Duties on Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; Silks* and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; is committed have Power to receive a Clause, That no Merchandize^ of the Growth or Workmanship of the Spayiish Netherlands, be brought into this Kingdom, or into any of the Colonies or Dominions thereunto belonging, after a certain Day; unless the Woollen Manufacture of this Realm be admitted into the Spanish Netherlands, on the same Terms they were before the late Prohibition.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Assaying of appointing Assay-masters of Plate in the most consider- plate* able Cities and Towns within this Kingdom is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Report Half-pay. from the Committee, to whom the Papers relating to Halfpay were referred, be resumed Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Ordered, ThoXSxx Robert Clayton, Mr Swift, Sir Richard LondonPoor. Farrington, Mr. Pitfeild, Sir Thomas Day, Mr. Rudge, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better

employing

Bourges',&c. Nat.

Villers'

Estate.

Lady Bond's Will.

Howland's

Estate.

liaising

Militia.

Janson's

Estate.

288 ' 18° —

employing and relieving the Poor of the City of London, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martin 19° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

PraVers.

SIR Robert Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize John Rourges, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and after-'wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Poultney reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerrald Villers; and Raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children by Edward Fitzgerrald Villers Esquire, her late Husband; w as committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that they' had heard the Counsel of the Petitioners, upon the Petitions to them referred; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling all Differences concerning Dame Maty Bond's Will; and for Performance of the same; be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Blank reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking the Estate, in Law, of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged to Jeffry and Edward Howland, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock, was committed, That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that they had heard the Lady Hudsons Counsel upon her Petition; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 17 00, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Sir Rowland Gwynne do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Janson Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and Provision for his Wife and Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Sir John Wynn, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Offley, Sir Richard Famngton, Mr. Blathxcayte, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr.

0 Martii. A. 1699,

Woollaston, Mr. Mounlaguc* Sir John Mordant, Sir Win. Thomas, Sir James Oxindon, Mr. Gwynne, Major Stringer,

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Blaake, Mr. lira-therton, Sir Rich. Codes, Mr. Freanan, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Hughes, Sir IVm. Coryton, Mr. White: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bidden* for the selling the Manor of Feitham, in the County of tslalc-Northumberland, for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Riddell Esquire, and Edward Riddell his Son; and rais- ing Portions for the Daughters of the said Thomas Riddell; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Forster,

Mr. Offley, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir Cha. Hoiham, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Robert Cotton,

Sir Henry Pickering, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Mr. Hughes, Sir Humph. Forster, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Robert Ellon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Car, Lord Fairfax, Sir James Oxindon, Mr. Cox; Mr. Blaake; and all the Members that serve for the Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bone-lace, Bill to repeal an Act, made in the N inth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment i And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Country Lace-sellers may sell their Lace in such Place in London, and the Liberties thereof, as the Lord Mayor and Aldermen have or shall appoint:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Rowland Gwynne reported from the Committee, to Estates 1 whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and tp supers other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for ap- tl0US plying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Larke 1 Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, §iltion* An Act for making the River Larke, alias Bourne, navigable:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

17 Skin, 41 Line, after "aforesaid," add the Clause marked X.

X, " Provided also, and be it Enacted, by the Author " rity aforesaid, That all the respective Possessors or Occupiers, for the Time being, of any such Parcels or Pieces " of Ground as adjoin, or are contiguous, to the said River,

€t shall have Liberty to carry or convey by Boat, upon the <J said River, and through the Cuts, Passages, Sluices, and " Works, that shall be made by the said Henry Ashley, his " Heirs or Assigns, so much Muck and Dung, and no " more, as they shall respectively make use of in the composting or manureing such Parcels or Pieces of Ground,

" as aforesaid, without paying any Toll or Payment to the u said Hehry Ashley, his Heirs or Assigns, for the carrying " or conveying such Muck or Dung; any thing in this " Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ordered,

ilffay.

V=ing

fcj.

| Lore of [Absence*

Duke of

Norfolk's

Divorce.

12 W. III. 19* — 26° M 289

Ordered, That Mr* Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further1 Consideration of the Report from the Committee* to whom the Papers relating to Half-pay were referred.

Ordered, That Theophilus Nicolls and John Highams be added to the List of Half-pay.

Ordered, That Captain Davison be added to the List of Iialf-pay.

The Petition of Edward Douglas, which was ordered to lie upon the Table was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Edward Douglas be added to the List of Half-pay;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That BlaiseGemaisot be added to the List of Iialf-pay;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That no more Persons be admitted into the List of Half-pay, but such as are already thereupon, or particularly directed by this House, to be inserted therein; and such as are within the Qualifications voted by this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Reports iron* That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Co"lmittee Elections which were ordered to be made this Day, bd 0 nvi e^cs# mude upon Saturday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Reports be made Upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for London the better Employing and Relieving the Poor of the City Poor-of London is committed; and the Committee, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners; have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Assaying of appointing Assay-masters, for the Assaying of Plate in the plate* most considerable Cities and Towns within this Kingdom, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Attornies. tituled, An Act for reducing the excessive Numbers of Attornies, and such as practice as Attornies, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees, except such as have Committees* been appointed this Day, be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour was committed, be made upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Suppression of Piracy was committed.

Clause A, That the Commissioners shall, after the 29th September 1700, have the sole Power of trying, hearing, and determining of Piracies, within all the Colonies and Plantations in America, and of bringing the Offenders to condign Punishment, being read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments being severally read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

t # #

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Ordered, That Mr. Machell have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House being informed, That the Counsel for the Duke, and also for the Dutchess, of Norfolk, attended; and also several Witnesses;

Ordered, That only the Counsel, and Parties concerned, be called in; and that the Witnesses do attend without, ready to be called in, as there shall be Occasion.

Then the Counsel were called in to the Bar: And the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolk's Marriage with the Lady Mary Mordant, and to enable him to marry again, was read the Second time.

And the Petition of the Duchess of Norfolk, presented to the House against the same, was read.

And the Counsel of the Duchess were heard against, and the Counsel of the Duke were heard for, the Bill.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That Doctor Davenant, Mr. Archdaley Sir Army Fran. Blake, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Justin. Isham, ArreAr8, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Edon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition relating to Colonel CoHombine is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Martii;

12° Gulielmi TertiL

Praters.

MR. Shackerly reported from the Committee, to whom Cooper's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate* Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Cowper, of the City of Chester, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Thomas' the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate, enable Dalby Thomas Esquire to sell Lands in Islington, in Middlesex, settled on his Marriage with Dorothy his Wife, as Part of her Jointure; he settling another Estate, of equal or greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed;

That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. IJeysham reported from the Committee, to whom WessellV the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate, enable Leonard JVvssell Esquire to sell the Manor of Acres Fleet, in the County of Essex, settled on his Marriage with Sarah his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure, laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Purchase of other Lands, was committed, That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the 4 E House,

Howland's

Estate.

French Protestant Church in St. Martin Orgars.

Merefeild's

Estate.

Jansons

Estate.

Thames

Watermen.

Lady Bond's Will.

Signing

Association.

390

House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

An ingrossed Bill, for taking the Estate, in Law, of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged to Jeffry and Edward Howland, and their Heirs, out of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking the Estate, in Law, of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged to Jeffry and Edward Howland, and their Heirs, out of Wriothesly Russell, commonly called Lord Marquis of Tavistock, and his Lady.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin Orgars, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God in the FrenchTongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of Robert Merefeild and John Merefeild Esquires, deceased; and for ascertaining the Proportions between the Widow of the said Robert, and his surviving Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Mannaton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan, Sir John Manwareing, Mr. Mountague, Mr. White, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Yates, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Wolstenhohne, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hysharn, Mr. Roberts, be added to the Committee, to wrhom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Janson Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and Provision of his YVife and Children, is committed.

The House being informed, That since the Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts, made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames; and for providing One Order and Government amongst them, and also among the Lightermen upon the said River between Gravesend and Windsor; was gone through at the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, several other Amendments are thought proper to be made, than those which were made by the Committee;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And that they have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling all Differences Concerning Dame Mary Bond s Will; and for Performance of the same; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Danvers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mompesson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise by Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association in due time, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put

A. 1699.

thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Mary Dutchess of Norfolk was presented Duke of to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Charge Norfolk's by the Bill against her depending before the House, being uorce‘ general, as to Time and Place; and being wholly unacquainted with what Witnesses are intended to be produced, to make out the Allegations in the said Bill: And praying, That the Duke of Norfolk, or his Agents, may forthwith give to the Petitioner, or her Agents, the Names and Places of Abode, of all such Witnesses as he intends to produce against the Petitioner, before he be admitted to examine them before the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Agent for his Grace the Duke of Norfolk do, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, deliver, to the Agent of her Grace the Duchess of Norfolk, in Writing, the Names of such Witnesses as are to be produced at the said Committee.

And the Question being put, That the Duke's said Agent do also give to the Dutchess' Agent an Account of the Places of the Habitation of the said Witnesses;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Commissii whom it was referred to inspect the Commissions of the of the Pea Peace, and Commissions to Deputy Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past; and also the Papers which have been laid before the House, relating to the Ship Dolphin; be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further. Supply Bi Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the Land Tw whole House, to w'hom the Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting the Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; were committed: And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Trustees shall, as soon as convenient may be after the 25th March 1701, convey all the Rectories Impropriate, Advowsons of Vicarages, with their Appurtenances, forfeited by Reason of the Rebellion, in Trust, that the Profits arising the reby, for Twenty Years, shall be applied in rebuilding or repairing Churches in the Kingdom of Ireland; and, after the said Twenty Years, to be applied for the perpetual Augmentation of small Rectories:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended: And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill,

That nothing therein shall extend to make void a Grant of 1,500l. Sterling, made by his Majesty, and the late Queen, for the Repair of the Cathedral, or other Churches in Lymerick; nor to make void a Grant made by the Earl of Romney, of One Piece of Ground in the North Suburbs of Cork, on which a new Church is lately erected:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That nothing therein shall extend to prejudice the Grants made to Doctor John Leslie, and his Heir, John Baker,

eldest

20° Mar tit.

12 W. III. 2 o° — a i0 291

eldest Son of Colonel Baker, and his Heirs, for the Benefit of his Mother, Brothers and Sisters, and James Rochy in lieu of their Sufferings and Services:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein shall extend to vacate Letters Patents made by his present Majesty to Colonel Richard Gorges, for Confirmation of his Title to certain Lands, claimed by him, and his Father, under the Acts of Settlement and Explanation, and of which his Father was in actual Possession Twenty Years before the late Rebellion: And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein shall vest any Lands or Tenements of the Lord Baltimore, who w as outlawed by Mistake, in the said Trustees; but that he may enjoy the same, and reverse the said Outlawry:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

‘ Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That nothing therein shall extend to prejudice the Grants made to Sir T/10. Pendergrass Baronet, and Francis de i la Rue, in Consideration of their eminent and faithful Services, by their timely Discovery of a wicked and traiter-ousConspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's sacred Person: And the same was twice read; and the Clause amended: And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the said Trustees shall take and state the Account of Monies expended, and Losses sustained, b) the Inhabitants of the City of Londonderry, in defending and securing thereof; and shall pay to such Persons in Proportion, a Sum, not exceeding #:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read I a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

I Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

! That #:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein shall extend to determine, or make void, any Grant or Provision made or appointed by his Majesty, for the Benefit or Subsistence of the Wife of the late Lord Kellmare, or her Children, or the Wife or Children of Dudley Bagnall; but that they shall enjoy the same during the Lives of their said Husbands respectively.

And the same was twice read, and amerided; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, That *:

Ordercdy That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow', Eleven a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

bdoa Ordered, That Mr. Yates and Mr. Croker be added to ^or* the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Employing and Relieving the Poor of the City of London is committed.

Jwnmittees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 21° die Martii;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ricarde's, Act for naturalizing John Ricarde, Jacob Dabba- Nat.

dky and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Villers' for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerrald Fillers; Estate, and raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children by Edzoard Fitzgerrald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband; was read the Third time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned, and resumed in a full House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt and Doctor

Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Merefeild's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling of Estate, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of Robert Merefeild and John Merefeild Esquires, deceased; and for ascertaining the Proportions between the Widow of the said Robert, and his surviving Children: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norwich, for confirming a Lease, and certain Indentures, between Streets, &c. the City of Norwich, and Richard Barry Esquire, George Sorocold Gentleman, and Richard Soame Merchant; and for enlightening the Streets of the said City; without any Amendments: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Robinson'* for charging the Estate of Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, Estate* with Seven thousand Pounds, for the Portion of Anne his Sister; and for settling her Estate upon the said Sir Thomas Robinson, in lieu thereof; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolhcs Marriage with the Lady Mary Mordanty and to enable him to marry again, after the House hath resolved itself into a Committee upon the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Duke of Norfolk's Divorce.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Dover whole House, to whom the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour. Harbour was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Supply Bill; Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the La'ld Tax whole House, to whom the Bill for applying all the for- forfeitures, feited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 16S8, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; were committed.

And the Clause offered Yesterday, touching the Fa^ mily of Clanriccard, was withdrawn by Leave of the House.

Another Clause was olFered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of Gustavus. Hamilton:

Vol. 13.

And

Supply Bill Land Tax and Irish Forfeitures*

29 2

2i° — 23° Martiu 1699.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, *That nothing therein shall prejudice the Grant and Release to Sir Christopher Wandesford Baronet, from the Natives of Idoug/i, called Brenans, notwithstanding the Outlawry of the said Brenans:

And the same w as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the Earl of Lymerick:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and then, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill? That nothing therein shall deprive Anne the Wife of Christopher late Lord Slane, of her Equity to a Jointure, and separate Maintenance.

And the same w'as twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for selling the forfeited Estate of Wm. late Earl of Lymerick, in case his Brother and Heir, Thomas Earl of Lymerick, make no Claim thereto, within the time by the Act limited; and allow ing, out of it, 8,000l. to the said Thomas Earl of Lymerick, in full of all his Debts, Disbursements, Services, and Arrears of Pension, and Pretences to the said Estate:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered on the behalf of Mrs.

Wandisjord:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for to ] ,33.

Tellers for the Noes } 7,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and read the First time, That the Trustees shall, out of the Monies arising by Sale of the said forfeited Estates, pay to Trustees,

in that behalf named, the Sum of for the equal

Benefit and Advantage of the said Eliz. Wandsford, her Mother, and the Children of the said Eliz. by Garret Fonlkes, her former Husband, who, with Five of her Brothers, were slain in his Majesty's Service, in lieu of a Pension of 200 /. per Annum, granted her by the late Queen:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the Earl of Abercorn:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the daughters of the Earl of Killmore:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of Mrs. Mackdonnell:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of Mr. Edgworth, as to his Wife, Daughter

of # Tyrrell:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table; ,

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the Free-school at Cork, touching a Grant by the Earl and Countess of Orkny, out of their private Estate:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause wras offered to be added to the Bill, touching Fagen:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative. v Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving and confirming the Articles of Waterford, Bophin, Drogheda, and Sligo:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Edward Gohegan, of Castle-Tozvn, in Westmeath, for the Reversal of his Outlaw ry, and enjoying his Estate:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the Earl of Carlinford:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making the Grants to Sir Thomas Pendergrass and Doctor Lesly void, on Payment of Sums of Money:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the ^Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for an Allowance to be made to Murray:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered to be added to the Bill:

And the same was read the First time.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Comn

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a ClocL

Veneris, 22° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

T} 111 LIP Boysdaune, John Peter A Hr, John Aim Peter Alix, Philip Boysdaune, John Baptist Bellfoss, Daniel Duprat, Henry Lavemy, Wm. Fo/chicr, Pascatt Ducasse, John Choblone, Abra. Consirat, Peter Lavelett, John Rovier, Jacob Bernard, Wm. Daniell, Samuel Leart, and John Mesnare, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize John Bourges, and Bolir others, was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved,

ia W. III. 226 Martiu 29 J

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize John Bourges, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Assaying Sir Bartholomew Shower reported from the Committee* of Plate. to whom the Bill for appointing Assay-masters, for the Assaying of Plate in the most considerable Cities and Towns within this Kingdom, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments made to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all such Persons as shall have Assay, and Touch, at Goldsmiths hall', shall take the same Oath as the Freemen of that Company do, in relation to the true Working of Gold and Silver:

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Suppressing Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Sup-

hracy. pression of Piracy, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Expiring Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-

Laws. pointed to inspect the Laws expired and near expiring; and which of them are fit to be continued, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Bone-lace, Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act &c. made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-w^ork, Point, and Cut-work, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sopply Bill; The House, according to Order, resumed the further

Land Tax Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the

and Irish whole House, to whom the Bill for the applying all the

Forfeitures. forfejte(j Estates, and Interests, in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty s Navy, Guards, and Garison^, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; were committed.

And the Clause of Appropriation was read a Second time; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be added to the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the Children of Sir Charles Porter:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^£ ] '3'

Teller, forte Noes,^. 9,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up accordingly; and read the First time; That nothing in the said Act shall make void a Grant to, or in Trust for, the Children of Sir Charles Porter, late Lord Chancellor of Ireland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth,

Vol:13.

Toilers for teY^M; ^*- } »S.

Teller forte No.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time; and amended.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.gj.^ ] 113.

Teller* for the Noe* fSir Robert

tellers for the w°es,£Mr> Harcourt: j 99-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Catharine Harris:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause of Appropriation to the Land Tax, was offered to be added to the Bill:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, for regular Payments by the Paymaster:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for easing the County of Wilts of the Sum of 45/. 10 s. overcharged upon that County by Mistake:

And the Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Quartering of Soldiers;

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Collectors to account on Oath for the Surplus of former Taxes:

And the same was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fol. L. # , after, " stand," to insert " or " have been

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duke of ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Norfolke's mittee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Dlvorce- Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolke's Marriage with the Lady Mary Mor» dant; and to enable him to marry again; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashurst and Mr. Chumley be added London Poor, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Employing and Relieving the Poor of the City of London is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

4 F And

Googh

\rifiolvent

Debtors.

French Protestant Church in St. Martin's Orgars.

Janson's

Estate.

Seamen's

Arrears.

Villers'

Estate.

a 39 Mar tit.

A. 1699.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbatiy 23° die Martii; 12° Gulielmi Tertii.

till Tomorrow Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr, Poultney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

----- ----- --- to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire

their Lordships Concurrence.

THE Lord Marquis of Harrington, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt; and the same was re-ceivec}.

Resolved, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Edward Wills, and others, in behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Martin's Orgars, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Bill depending in this House, for confirming of a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish, for: Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God, in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England, Leave is given to erect a Church in the Church-yard of the said Parish, contrary to several Acts of Parliament, and will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Benjamin Smith was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, for Sale of the Estate of one Brian Janson, for Payment of Debts; upon which Estate the Petitioner hath a Mortgage; but does not find any Provision made for Payment thereof, by the Bill: And therefore praying to be heard by his Counsel, before the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of several of the Justices of Ppace, Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of several Parishes in the Tower Hamlets, adjoining to the River of Thames, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their several Parishes have of late been burdened with numerous Poor, from the Sailors Want of Pay, whereby their necessitous Families are, and will be, a continual Charge to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House, in the Case now before them, touching the Q's and R's set upon the Sailors Names in the Navy Books.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, touching Q's and IPs, be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The House resumed the Debate upon the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerraid Villers; and raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five

younger Children by Edward Fitzgerrald Fillers Esquire, her late Husband.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That John Pargiter, John Hooper, John Upton, Theodore Jacobson, and Kendrick Edisbury, shall not be prejudiced in such Estate and Interest as they have in or to any the Manors and Lands in the said Bill:

And the same was twice read; and amended:

And then the same was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Sir Godfrey Copley repotted from the Committee, to Members whom it was referred to inspect Precedents where Members chosen for several Places, and being absent, have, by Letter.0 Letters, or Messages, made their Elections for which of the Places they will serve, and report the same to the House;

That they had inspected the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

Sir Simon Dezce s printed Book, Fol. 430. That, 8* Februarii, 31* Eliz. Mr. Robert Knowles being returned a Knight of the Shire for Brecknock, and a Burgess for Reading, he did,- by a Message communicated to the House by Mr. Treasurer, acquaint the House, That he made Choice to serve for Brecknock: And a new Writ is thereupon ordered to choose a new Member for Reading.

Idem, Fol. 622. That, 31° Octo. 43° Eliz. Mr. Goddard Pemberton, being chosen for Lewis, in Sussex, and Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, he did, by a Message communicated to the House by Mr. George Goreing, make his Election to serve for Peterborough.k And a new Writ is ordered for Lewis.

That, i* Apr. 1690, Henry Seymour Esquire, being returned a Burgess for St. Mawes, in Cornwall, and Totness, in the County of Devon; before he had sat in Parliament for either Corporation, by Letter to the Speaker, makes his Election to serve for Tot ness: And a new' Writ is ordered to issue to choose a new Member for St. Mawes.

That, 230 December 1698, Sir Wm. Thomas Baronet, being returned a Knight of the Shire for the County of Sussex, and also a Com-Baron for the Port of Seaford\ in the said County of Sussex; being Sick, did, by Letter to the Speaker, make his Election to serve for the said County of Sussex: And a new Writ was ordered to issue for electing a Com-Baron to serve for Seaford.

That, the 6th January 1698, Sir Joseph Williamson Knight, being returned a Citizen to serve for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, did, by Letter from the Hague, directed to the Speaker, make his Election to serve for the City of Rochester:

And a new Writ was ordered to issue for electing a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Thetford.

The Committee have likewise inspected Precedents of what hath been done in Cases where Members have been beyond the Seas, or otherwise absent from the Service of the House; and do find, (a) That, the 18 March, ztfEliz. the House being informed, That Thomas Beaumont, one of the Citizens for Norwich, and Gregory Peacock, one of the Citizens for York, were incurably sick and diseased, other Members w ere chbsen in their rooms.

That, Sessio. 3* Parliament*: Journal of the House of Commons, beginning November 18, 1606, 4°Jac. imi, and ending July 4*, 1607, 5 Jac.

Mr. Speaker produceth a Note sent unto him, as he said, by Commandment from the Lord Chancellor, containing the Names of certain Members of this House, disT posed and employed by his Majesty, sithence the last Session, in special Services; with Direction to know the Pleasure of the House, w hether the same Members were to be continued, or their Places supplied with others; viz.

Bedford Villa, Sir Hum. Winch, Lord Chief Baron of Ireland.

St. Jermin CornuV, Sir George Carew, Ambassador in France.

Sir Thomas Edmonds, Ambassador with the Archduke. Norfolk, Mil. Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Ambassador in Spaine.

Sir Oliver St. John, Master of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Sir Thomas Ridgway, Treasurer in Ireland.

These

(a) In the Margin of the Journals is these Words, " Sir Simon Dcwes printed Book, Fol. 308."

12 W. III. 23°

These Cases, with all others, to be taken by the Committee of Privileges.

Saturni, 22° die Novembris 1606, Sir George Moor reports the several Cases committed to the Committee.

New Members to be chosen in the Place of Sir Humphry Wynch, Sir Oliver St. John, and Sir Thomas Ridg-ttwy.

They considered, according to the Instructions given them; namely, of Sir Thomas Ridgway, Treasurer, Sir Humphry IVynch Lord Chief Baron, and Sir Oliver St. John, Master of the Ordnance in Ireland; whose Cases they conceive different from the Case of Ambassadors; for that, as they thought, their Patents were for Life, and therefore new to be chosen in their Places.

The late Precedent of Sir James Lee, advanced to the Place of Lord Chief Justice in Ireland remembred; in whose Place Mr. Alexander Chock was chosen for the Town of West bury, in Wiltshire.

Several Questions were made of every particular Case; and it was resolved,

That Warrants should be granted by Mr. Speaker for the Choice of New Members in the Place of Sir Thomas Ridgway, Sir Humphry Wynch, and Sir Oliver St. John, according to the Opinion of the Committee, and according to a former Precedent in the Case of Sir James Lee.

Ordered, That Warrants should issue for new Writs to elect for Places void, as in place of Sir Tho. Ridgway, for the County of Devon, in this Form; viz.

Whereas Sir Thomas Ridgway Knight, now Treasurer at War in his Majesty's Realm of Ireland\ was, at the First Session of this Parliament, elected and returned, into the Commons House of Parliament, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Devon; and being sithence, by his Majesty's Favour, advanced to the Place of Treasurer; It was this Day moved in the said House, Whether his Place of Knight of the Shire were void: Which^ upon the Question, was over-ruled; and ordered; That a new Writ should issue for the Choice of another Knight, in the room and place of the said Sir Thomas; for which this shall be your Warrant.

Directed, To my loving Friend Sir George Copping Knight, Clerk of the Crown in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery.

And for the rest in the like Form.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act made in the Ninth e. Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needlework,' Point, and Cut-work, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, Three Months after the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Flanders shall be taken off.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

jjpiHg An ingrossed Bill to prevent Disputes that may arise Aiwciation. by Officers and Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association, and taking the Oaths, in due Time, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the said Act should not extend to indemnify any Person for any Neglect, against whom any Prosecution is in the King's Bench for forging the Rolls of the Sessions of the ( , Peace, as if they had taken the Oaths, and subscribed the Declaration, afo ..... such Persons shall be duly acquitted by a legal Tryal:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

VOL. 13.

Tartn. 295

Ordered, That Mr. Mompesson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Mompesson reported from the Committee, to whom Expiring it was referred to consider what Law's are expired, and Laws, near expiring, and fit to be continued, That they had considered the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Parts of an Act made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; which were continued by an Act made in the First Year of the late King James ', and w ere further continued by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of his present Majesty and the late Queen; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That an Act made in the 13th and 14th Years of foe Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for providing Carriages by Land, and by Water, for foe LTse of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance; which was revived and continued by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second; and was further continued by an ‘Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of his present Majesty and foe late Queen;.be continued.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the 22d and 23d Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England; and for regulating foe Plantation Trade; which was continued by an Act made in the First Year of foe late King James; and wras further continued by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Y^ears of his present Majesty and the late Queen; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation; which was continued by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second: and w as further continued by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the 22d and 23d Years of foe Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbance of Seamen and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; together with some Alterations and Additions thereby made; which, together with the said Alterations, was continued by an Act made in the.First Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second; and was further continued by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of his present Majesty and the late Queen; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the 22 and 23 Years of the Reign of King Charles foe Second, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in foe Buying and Selling Cattle in Smithfeild, and elsewhere; which was revived and continued by an Act made in the 1st Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, with a Proviso therein contained; which said Act, together with the said Proviso, was continued by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of his present Majesty and the late Queen; be, together with the said Proviso, continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mompesson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr

— *2, Martiu a

Mompessonalso reported, from the said Committee, -tot Payment of his "Debts; and fox sett\W» o\her P*T* , rae flatter te~comm\tted to them, touching Carriers; That Trust, fox raising a Portion and Maintenance for pL^ the^ had coma to ^veval Resolutions, which they had di- beth Vus only Daughter by his foxmev Wife; sad for tected him to report to the House; which be read \n his making a Jointute fox Mary b\s now Wife; and fey a

Place \ attd afterwards delivered Irv at the Clerk's Table: Provision fox the ChlldXen by the said Mary: To wtncb "Where the same were read; av\d are a* follow; viz. they desire the Concurrence of tbls House.

Resolved, That It Is the Opinion of this Committee, And then the Messertot>«-»

tat that Part of the Act made In the 7th and 8th Xears

his present Majesty's Reign, IntltuW s~

tter Amending »r"1 0

1700.

, > -WU ioy a

-J sard Mary: To which ,occurrence of tins House.

Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Tagg have Leave to go the Country, fox "Recovery of ins Health.

The Hou

into U-i- »,

Th

A4 ~~~w iiw m thf* ^uimutee.

Resolved, That It U tv.0 a thereof s!a^s atld Interests in Ireland the ao4h

wS^fn C"n^s to Znr"fJ?. c?"to'«tee. <W Zf '£? ! *<w

practicable.

Resolved, That

That the Power that sin the Wtogthe'Debte 'toSTn wdtaSS

erred to the Surveyors of the »' hans- Occasions, were committed Anrt or ?^er necessary

will be to the great Advant?* on^ nts were madebvCfvL ? Se,veral oti Amend,

a Second h <* -R W, M,

Mx.Mompesson also reported from the said Committee,

wa*d"ectJ? ^ythem to acquaint the House with Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to c, ome other Acts which are expiring, to the end the House punish Governors of Plantations here, for Crimes by them vw.

nru A ^lVe the'.r directions concerning the same; viz. committed in the Plantations, is committed, have Leave Acts touching the Exporting of Coals; and touch- to sit upon Monday Morning next, ing Brokers and Stock-jobbers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That in the Bill Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Cm directed to be brought in upon the Resolutions before »ng next, after the Humber, Qualifications, and Manner« mentioned, there be a Clause brought in, for continuing of choosing the Trustees for the Bill of Irish Forfeitures, Pfl the Clause in an Act for granting to his Majesty certain is considered, take into Consideration the Report from the Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Com-

p't^dbeyOTd^eas^Eor^n^Botto^ shall oSj tenants,* as they Ordered, That it be an

... , lain uc tui J.USUUCUVJ11 itiau, mat a vyiausc

be brought in for continuing the Act in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restrain the Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers.

'Vagrants.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- s, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole E House, to consider of the Bill for laying further Duties ® on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Punishment of of the; and for enlarging the Time for

Vagrants; and sending them whither, by Law, they purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein men-

ought to be sent; was read the Third time. tioned.

*-E*

and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be "|,^X0^e"^le toZrider of the Bill for the

Sent' ----- --- — -h-l-d.

sent.

Ordered That Mr. Cook do carry the Bill and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Suppressing

Piracy.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Suppression of

Piracy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pas9: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy. Ordered, That Mr. Blathwaydo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Doctor Newton:

to the Lords appointing Commissioners to take, examine, a.. -

mine, the Debt due to the Army, and for Transport Sf vice: And that all other Business be then adjourned.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Robert Reg and

25* die

Lunct,

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

County

Gaols.

H ore's

Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

T he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to enable Justices of the Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, tuled, mi

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Leases of Part of Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore Esquire, of Incumbrances

Prayers.

MR. Shackerly reported from the Committee, tc

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti

f'ded. An Act to enable Henry Butler Esquire to mak c u'° Estate in Lancashire, for Pischarc — -lilted. That th*

lulCu, - - f his -: mv

k®8,56!.^hratices weapon, was

W»

Estate.

25 — 26° A

ii

*91

12 W, lit

had examined the same, and found the Allegations therei contained to be true; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore Esquire, for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Part, in Trust for raising a Portion and Maintenance for Elizabeth, his only Daughter by his former Wife, and for making a Jointure for Mary his now Wife, and for a Provision for the Children by the said Mary; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwynne reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, when the House will please to receive it.

Resolved, That the Report be now received.

Sir Rowland Gwynne reported from the said Committee, That they had heard Counsel for and against the Bill; and that the Counsel for the Bill had produced Evidence upon the same; but that the Counsel against it did not think fit to produce any Evidence against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Wednesday next, at Eleven a Clock 5 and nothing to intervene*

Estates given The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

tious*Uses" ^ePort from ^e Committee, to whom the Bill for the m ses. Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given

to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; was committed.

And the First Amendment being read;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon } Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday \ next, at Twelve a Clock. '

Vising Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, presented

Militia. to the House a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred, although the Month's Pay, i formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Villiers, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Riddell's Mr. Morstyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Stringer*, Estate.

Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Dymock, Mr. Blaalce, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Justin. lsham, Mr. Milbanck,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Brereton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Manor of Fenham, in the County of Northumberland, for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Riddell Esquire, and Edward Riddell his Son; and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Tho.

Riddell.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

; <An$wer to Address.

Thames

Watermen*

Commis-nonere of Accounts.

Me of Norfolk's Divorce.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That Captain Kidd may not be tried, discharged, or pardoned, until the next Session of Parliament; and that the Earl of Bellamont, the Governor of New England, may transmit over all Commissions, Instructions, and other Papers, taken with, or relating to, the said Captain Kidd; his Majesty has been pleased to give Directions therein.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts, made touching Watermen and Wherry-men rowing on the River of Thames; and for providing One Order and Government amongst them, and also among the Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning; and nothing to intervene.

The Houses according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the appointing of Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Copley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolk's Marriage with the Lady Maty Mordaunt; and to enable him to marry again.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwynne took the Chair of the Committee, Vot. 13.

Martis, 26* die Martii;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Deia

for naturalizing Isaac de la Gade, John Batero, and Gade's,5cc.* others, was read the First time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act Attornieg. for reducing the excessive Number of Attornies, and such as practise as Attornies, was read the First time. r Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act French for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Protestant Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin §thu^rt^ Orgars, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, Orgars. for the Worship and Service of God, in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamond,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Colonel Bierly, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hayes, Sir Thomas DavaU, Mr. Shoe-kerly, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. England, Mr. Brotherton, Mr Ashurst, Mr. Dryden,' Sir Thomas Wag-staffe, Mr. Mompesson, Sir George Rook, Mr. Hancock, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Stringer, Sir Stephen Leonard,

Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Cha. Sidley, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Sayers, Mr. Bertie, Sir Jacob Baunck, Sir James Houbland, Mr. Cook, Sir Barth.

Shorter, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Blaak, Sir Fran. Blake; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Edward Wills, and others, relating to the said Bill, which lies upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee f

And that the Petitioners be heard before them thereupon.

4 G AMotiw

Members make their Elections.

Woollen Manufactures, &c,

Mansell's

Estate.

Tillers'

Estate.

H arrison's Estate.

Woollen Manufactures, &c.

298 26° Martii. A. 1700.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect Precedents, where Members chosen for several Places, and being absent, have, by Letters or Messages, made their Elections for which of the Places they will serve, be now taken into Conside

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Is

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon 'Thursday Morning next.

ration;

fMr. Tredenham, £Mr. Hayes: fSir Rubert Dovers, £Mr. Brotherson: fegative.

68.

Privileges and Elections, which were to have been made Committwof this Day, be made upon this Day Sevennight. Privileges.

Mr. Blaihwayt, from the Commissioners for Trade and Improve-Plantations, presented to the House their Answer, pur- eant of suant to the Order of the 6th of March instant, by which lra e* they were to lay before the House an Account of what Advances they have made towards the Improvement of the Trade of England.

And the Title thereof was read: And the Account is., as followeth; viz.

In Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, dated the 6th Instant, requiring from us an Account of what Advances we have made towards the Improvement of the Trade of England; we humbly

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, exported; with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Mansell Esquire to mortgage or sell the impropriated Rectories of Llanriddian and Pen rice, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children; and for settling the Manor of Hen Lys, and other Lands, of more Value; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine Fitzgerrald Fillers; and raising the Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children by Edu ard Fitzgerrald Fillers, her late Husband. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for selling the 1 Reversion and Inheritance of the Farm of Net her cot, in the County of Oron, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures. Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, exported: And the same, being twice read, is as folio weth; viz.

2d Sk. L. 38. leave out "or other sooner Determination, except for Non-payment of the Rent within Three " Months after the same becomes due and payable."

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, touching the said Amendment.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Sam. Ber-nardiston, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Moor, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ireton, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Boyle, Mr. How, Mr. Winningto?i, Earl of Ranelagh, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. ITaycs) or any Live of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Patent to the Duke of Richmond, and the Patent to the Farmers of the Aulnage Duties, be produced to the said Committee: And that the Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of

offer,

That his Majesty was pleased, by a Commission dated the 15th of May 1696, to appoint Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom; and for inspecting and improving his Plantations m America, and elsewhere; with several Directions' and Instructions; the chief whereof are as follow:

To examine into, and take an Account of, the State and Condition of the general Trade of England, and of the several particular Trades into foreign Parts:

To examine what Trades are, or may prove, hurtful, and what beneficial, to this Kingdom; and by what means the advantageous Trades may be improved, and those that are prejudicial discouraged:

To consider by what means profitable Manufactures* already settled, may be further improved; and how other new and profitable Manufactures may be introduced:

To consider of proper Methods for setting on Work and employing the Poor, and making them useful to the Publick:

To inquire into the Condition of the Plantations, as w?ell with Regard to the Administration of Government there, as in relation to Commerce; and how those Colonies may be rendered most beneficial to this Kingdom:

To inquire tv hat naval Stores may be furnished from the Plantations; and how the same may be best procured:

To prepare Instructions for Governors; and to take Account of their Administration:

To examine the Journals of the Councils, and the Acts or Law's made by the respective General Assemblies, in order to his Majesty's Approbation or Disallowance thereof:

To require an Account of all Money given by the Assemblies for publick Uses; and how the same is expended:

And to make Representations and Reports to his Majesty, or the Privy Council, in Writing, as there shall be Occasion.

In pursuance w hereof, we have proceeded in the manner following:

Towards the Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, and for hindering the Exportation of our un-wrought Wool, we did, in December 1696, represent to his Majesty, That Officers might be appointed by Land, on the Coasts of Kent and Sasser, to attend constantly upon that'Service; and to act in Concert with the Ships directed, by Act of Parliament, to cruise upon those Coasts, in order thereunto: And we did likewise propose, for the more easy Prosecution of Offenders, the Issuing of a Capias against them; which has since passed into a Law.

Upon Information that a W'oollen Manufacture was set up at Sada, near the Groyne, by the Encouragement of the Court of Spain; and ihat the Dutch Consul at the Groyne wras supposed to be a great Promoter of it; we procured such Orders, from time to time, from his Majesty to his Ministers in Spaine, and at the Hague, as, we hope, may have disappointed that Undertaking:

And, upon Advice of the like Attempt in Sweden, we have transmitted to his Majesty's Minister at Stockholm

1

5

4

r

12 W. III. 26° Martii.

such Memorials, as, we presume, will be useful to that End.

Upon the late Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, we made an early Inquiry into that Matter, by his Majesty's Minister at Brussels; and, finding the Government of Flanders unwilling to treat thereof we gave our Opinion, as Occasion offered, That the absolute Repealing of our Act for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace from thence, without some provisional Conditions to be performed on their Parts, would tioways answer the proposed Design.

Having been required by his Majesty to take into Consideration the Trade of England and Ireland, how they stood in relation to each other, and how they might be improved to the Advantage of each Nation; we took that Occasion humbly to represent, That the most proper Means to divert the people of Ireland from applying themselves to the Woollen Manufactures, was, by giving them such Encouragement in the Manufacture of Linen, as might engage them heartily in it.

Nor have our Endeavours been wanting, by several Representations to his Majesty, and Considerations had of Bills transmitted from Ireland, to induce that Parliament towards passing such Acts, in reference to both Manufactures, as might be of mutual Benefit to both Kingdoms.

His Majesty having likewise referred to our Consideration some Proposals, made by Monsieur Crommelin, a French Refugee, long experienced in the Linen Manufacture, for the more effectual Establishment and Improvement of that Manufacture in Ireland; we humbly offered our Opinion, That.his Majesty would be pleased to allow 800 /. per Annum, for Ten Years, to pay the Interest, at Eight per Cent, of 10,0001, to be advanced by the said Crommelin, and his Friends, for the setting on Foot of that Manufacture; the said 800l. to be received, and issued out, by Trustees appointed by his Majesty to inspect the Employing of the said 10,000l.: And, his Majesty having been pleased to give Directions accordingly, the said Crommelin is lately gone to Ireland, in older to put his Proposals in Execution; and we have Reason to believe he will be able to make a considerable Advance therein.

Having further observed, that several of his Majesty's Plantations in America applied themselves to the Improvement of Woollen Manufactures in those Parts, for the Supplying of themselves and Neighbours, to the Hindrance of the Exportation of our English Manufactures; we prepared a Clause for the preventing thereof; which was presented to this Honourable House, and accordingly received, and enacted, the last Session of Parliament; and we have since understood, That the said Restraint has had a very good Effect.

The Turkey Company finding their Trade much prejudiced by the East India Company's seeking a Vent in Northern Parts of Persia for those Draperies, which, by their Charter, they are obliged annually to export; and his Majesty having referred that Matter to our Examination; we humbly reported our Opinion, That it would be inconvenient, that the East India Company should send any greater Quantity of Draperies into Persia, than they had done formerly; and that they ought therefore to vend the Draperies they are obliged to export, either in India, China, Japan, or elsewhere, at such Distance from those Places where the Turkey Company have usually traded, as may not cause any interfering betw een those Two Companies.

And, for the better preventing other more general Inconveniences apprehended from the East India Trade, we did also, upon another Occasion, humbly propose, That the Wearing or Consumption of the manufactured Goods of India, Persia, or China, made of Silk or Herba, or mixed with either of those Materials; as also of painted or stained Callicoes, and of all Handicraft-wares imported from those Parts; should be discouraged and lessened in these Kingdoms, and in his Majesty's Plantations.

VOL. 13,

For Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company, Improve and the Establishment of that Manufacture here, we have raent of made several Representations of what we conceived ne- Tride* cessary to be done; divers of which Things have since been enacted.

Upon the Czar of Muscovy's coming into Holland\ we represented the State of Trade betw een Muscovy and England, and the Advantage this Kingdom would receive by the Importation of Tobacco into that Country, if permitted: Whereupon Instructions were sent to his Majesty's Embassadors at the Hague, to treat with the Czar's Ministers; which was done accordingly: And we afterwards represented the Necessity of enlarging the Russia Company, as has since been done by Act of, Parliament, in order to the better Improving of that Trade, and the Supply of Naval Stores from thence, as well as from Denmark and Sweden.

Upon Occasion of the late Treaty of Peace at Reswyck, a particular Account having been required from us, for the Information of His Majesty's Plenipotentiaries there, of what had been lost or gained in all his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, since the Treaty of Breda until that time; w e accordingly prepared many particular Accounts, not only of what had been lost or gained, as aforesaid, but also of all Pretensions, and Grounds of Differences, between the French and us, with relation to eacii particular Plantation, as also to Newfoundland, Hudsons Bay, the Royal African Company, &c.; which were accordingly transmitted.

Since the Conclusion-of the Pease, we did also, by his Majesty's Directions, draw up many Memorials for the Use of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, to treat here with Commissioners from France, upon all such of the aforesaid Matters, as, by the Treaty of Reswyck, required any further Settlement.

The Regulation of Passes for Ships trading to the Mediterranean, and other Southern Parts, with respect to the Government of Atgier, being of great Importance to the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects into those Parts; we have, by his Majesty's Directions in several Representations, humbly offered our Opinion thereupon; as also concerning a Treaty with that Government, and likewise with the Emperor of Morocco, and relating to the English Trade at Tunis.

We have prepared a Draught of a Treaty of Commerce with Sweden, with such Articles as we conceive proper, not only to preserve the Trade and Vent of our Northern Draperies in that Country, but also to remove the many Difficulties that his Majesty's Subjects trading into those Parts have of late Years met with.

We have taken the like Care in a Draught of a Treaty of Commerce with France; and prepared such Memorials relating the reunto, as may be proper to be had in Consideration, whensoever a Negociation of that Nature shall be set on Foot.

We have, upon the Application of the Merchants of this City trading to Leghorne, represented to his Majesty the present Grievances, and further Apprehensions, that they, or their Correspondents there, lie under, in relation to die Privileges formerly granted to them, and other Strangers, by the great Dukes of Tuscany; and have thereupon proposed what may be of Use for their Ease and Security, and for the Advantage of England in that Trade.

To prevent Delays in determining Differences about Matters of Trade, we prepared a Bill for determining such Differences by Arbitration; which has since passed into a Law.

Our Report relating to the Rate of Guineas, and the Difference of Value between Gold 'and Silver, has been laid before this Honourable House, and approved of.

We have made Representations to prevent the Jews of Leghorn from trading in English Ships, thereby to enjoy the Privileges of the English at Alexandria', to prevent the Encroachments of the Consul at Rotterdam; and the Establishing of a Consul at the Madiras, independent on the Consul General at Portugal; and to promote the Assiento or Contract for supplying the Spanish JFesi Indies

6

Improvement of Trade.

300

with Negroes; not to mention many others upon private Cases in Matters of Trade.

In order to the Employing of the Poor of this Kingdom, and making them useful to the Publick, we have made divers Proposals, how we conceived that Work might be effected; and have lately, in pursuance of an Order of a Committee of this Honourable House, prepared a complete Abstract of all the Laws relating to the Poor, now in Force; together with the Draught of a Bill, whereby they may be all reduced into One Law; and laid the same before the said Committee.

We have made divers Representations for the Security and Improvement of the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, ds well during the War, as since the Peace; and have constantly every Year examined into, and taken an Account of, the Course and Progress of that Trade; and now particularly formed Instructions, and Heads of Inquiries, to he given to the Commander of the Convoy appointed for that Fishery, for the due Execution of the late Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland\ for the better preventing Irregularities therein.

We have presented to his Majesty a general State of the Trade of this Kingdom, with Observations thereupon, how we conceive divers advantageous Trades may be improved, and prejudicial ones discouraged; a Copy whereof has been formerly laid before this Honourable House.

As to his Majesty's Plantations in America, we do further offer, That, within the Allegiance of the Crown of England, there are Twenty several Colonies, besides Hudson's Bay and Newfoundland, in which last Place there is no Governor; each whereof have their distinct Governments, Councils, and Assemblies, by whom particular Laws, and Rules of Government, are passed and enacted; some of which Colonies are governed by his Majesty's immediate Commission, and others by Proprietors and Charters.

The Business relating to these Plantations is managed by a constant Correspondence with all the Governors appointed by his Majesty's immediate Commission, and occasionally with all the rest; in the Course whereof they send us Journals of their Councils, Assemblies, and other publick Proceedings, with Accounts of all Things whatsoever relating to each of their Governments; all which are considered by us for the necessary Orders to be returned thereupon; and, more particularly, the many Acts or Laws of the several Assemblies transmitted from thence fall under our Examination; and, after our consulting his Majesty's Counsel learned in the Law', as to the legal Part, our Reports are made thereupon to his Majesty in his Privy Council, for his Royal Assent, or Disallowance thereof; with particular Regard to the Interest and Improvement of the Trade of England, as well as the Good of those Plantations.

We have, since our Constitution, prepared Draughts of Commissions and Instructions for all the Governors of his Majesty's Plantations.

We have, upon several Occasions, proposed to his Majesty the Appointing of Convoys for the Plantations, and of Ships of War necessary to attend and protect the Trade of those Plantations: And, upon the Complaints of the Inhabitants there, or Merchants in England, of Hardships in the Pressing of Men, and otherwise, by Captains of Men of War in those Parts, we have presented to his Majesty Regulations therein, which have had a good Effect.

Upon Information from the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Plantations, and others, of the Partiality of the People there, and more particularly in the Propriety Governments, in all Tryals upon the Acts of Trade wherein their private Interest is concerned, and of the Difficulties in the obtaining any Execution of those Acts in the former Method; we did represent the Usefulness of Courts of Admiralty in the Plantations: Upon which such Courts have been erected; and, where they have not been disputed, have proved of great Encouragement to legal Trade.

Being informed, by many Instances, of the great

j. 1700.

Countenance given to Pirates in some of the Plantations, and chiefly in the Proprieties, and Charter Governments, by fitting out their Ships from thence, and furnishing them with all Sorts of Provision and Ammunition, and receiving them, with their Plunder and Booty, at their Return, and acquitting them upon feigned Tryals; we did make several Representations thereupon; and proposed the Enacting of Laws there, for the Tryai and Punishment of Pirates, in Conformity to a Law heretofore passed ini Jamaica to that Effect: Which having been refused in the said Proprieties, and Charter Governments, we proposed, as the only Remedy for so great an Evil, the offering a Bill in Parliament for that Purpose; w herein we consulted Sir Charles Hedges, Judge of His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty; by whose great Care and Assistance such a Bill has been prepared, and is now lying before this Honourable House.

And, being further sensible of the great Irregularities in the Proprieties, and Charter Governments, not only in reference to illegal Trade, and Piracy, but otherwise, we have, upon several Occasions, represented the same to his Majesty: And an Act of Parliament having passed, whereby the Governors of those Plantations are obliged to have his Majesty's Approbation, for their acting in that Capacity; we required all the said Proprietors and Governments to present their respective Governors to his Majesty; and, in order to his Approbation of them, to give Security for their due observing the Acts of Trade, according to an Address presented tQ his Majesty, by the Right Honourable the House of Lords, for that Purpose: But all the said Proprietors here having declined to give any such Security; and only Two Charter Governments, viz. Connecticut, and Rhode Island, having lately done it in America; and not any one of those Governors being at present qualified by his Majesty's Approbation of them, as required by the said Act of Parliament; w^e do not see any thing, without some further Provision by Parliament; capable to reduce them to a more regular Conduct, and Compliance with their Duty, in reference to the Trade of England.

We have also, upon Occasion, represented the Misdemeanors, and ill Conduct, of some Governors of Plantations acting by his Majesty's immediate Commission.

We have made many Representations in Defence of his Majesty's Title to several Islands in America, claimed by foreign Princes; of which one is a Claim made by the Elector of Brandenburgh to the Island of New Tertholen, lying amongst his Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Islands; one made by the French King, to the Island of Sancta Lucia, lying amongst the Windward Caribbee Islands; one made by the French King, to the Island of Tobago, one of the Windward Caribbee Islands; and another by the Duke of Coitrland, to the same Island.

Having been required, this Session of Parliament, by the Right Honourable the House of Lords, to lay before their Lordships our Opinion, how consistent the Colony at Darien may be with the Treaties wdth Spain, and the Trade of this Kingdom; we did accordingly make our humble Report therein; which, we presume, was satisfactory, their Lordships having made an Address to his Majesty to the same Effect.

We have made several Representations relating to the "Boundaries between his Majesty's Plantations, and those of the French, upon the Continent, particularly in the North-eastern Parts of New England, where they have endeavoured to encroadi upon us both as to the Land and Fishery.

Upon Controversies that have happened between some of his Majesty's Colonies, and others, relating to their Boundaries; especially between his Majesty's Governments and Proprieties; and upon different Claims that have been set on foot to some whole Provinces, we have examined all their respective Titles; and the necessary Instructions have been given by his Majesty thereupon.

We have often represented the Necessity of preserving the Friendship of the Five Nations of Indians, which are a Barrier between his Majesty's Plantations and Canada, by

treating

6° Martii.

12 W. III.

26° Martii.

301

Dorer

Harbour.

treating them kindly, and shewing them a Force constantly maintained in New York, ready to protect them upon all Occasions.

We have applied ourselves to the promoting the Importation of Naval Stores from New England, and other his Majesty's Plantations; and for the carrying on so good a Design, his Majesty has been pleased, upon our Applications, to order the Navy Board to send Commissioners to New England, who have been likewise joined with Commissioners of that Colony, for the Viewing and Inspecting the Woods lying upon that Coast, for providing his Majesty's Navy with Masts, and other necessary Materials for Building of Ships, as also with Pitch, Tar, and Rosin, of which great Quantities may be produced in those Parts; and some Specimens of each, sent by the said Commissioners, are lately arrived, and now under the Examination of the Navy Board.

These being the chief Particulars about which our Time has been and is daily taken up, besides the frequent Applications of Merchants, and of the Persons concerned in the Plantations, with the constant Accession of the like Business; we thought it our Duty to lay as short an Account thereof before this Honourable House, as the Nature of each Particular would bear.

All which is humbly submitted.

Whitehall, March Stamford, John Poller fen,

the 22, Lexington, . George Slcpiuy,

Ph. Aleadawes, Abr. Hill.

Win. Blathwayt,

Ordered, That the said Answer do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour was committed, be now received;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^1^] ^.

Tellers for the Noesj^;:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, reported from the said Committee, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ex-

rcsolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill. v

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Trophy-money be not collected till the Money last collected be accounted for at the Quarter Sessions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Commis-whole House, to whom the Bill for the appointing Com- siouers of inissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debt due Accounts» to the Army, and for Transport Service, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to consider Trustees of the Number, Qualifications, and Manner of choosing for Irish the Trustees for the Bill of Irish Forfeitures. Forfeitures.,

Resolved, That the Number of the said Trustees be Thirteen.

Resolved, That no Person be a Trustee, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Resolved, That no Member of this House be a Trustee in the Bill of Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That the said Trustees be chosen byway of Bal lotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, by Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lists of Thirteen Persons Names, to be put into Glasses, to be elected Trustees for the Bill of Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the applying all Supply Bill;

e iorfrifj ri Est:tins and Int/'rpiskin /7W/7;?// and mII Tirana hand Tux

127.

80.

Rising

Militia

empting I Fey mouth, Alelcomb Regis, and Lyme Regis, from the Duties charged by that Bill:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Yarmouth from the Duties charged by that Bill:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Ramsgate from the Duties charged by that Bill:

And the same was tw ice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1700, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Vol. 13.

the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Forfeitures. Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 168S, to the Use of the Publick; and for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; be read the Third time upon Suturday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Commissions Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom of the Peace, it was referred to inspect the Commissions of the Peace, &c* and Commissions to Deputy Lieutenants, as they now stand, and as they were for Seven Years last past.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be 'made to his Majesty, That it will much conduce to the Service of his Majesty, and Good of the Kingdom, that Gentlemen of Quality, and good Estates, he put into the Commissions of the Peace, and Lieutenancy; and that Men of small Estates be neither continued, or put into the said Commissions;

An Amendment \?as proposed to be made to the Question, after " Estates be," to insert " restored and

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

r-p 11 r .1 \r (Colonel Gram die,

Idlers for the \ea^M). TMam:

119.

113-

Tellers for the Noes^Jj;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, after " Lieutenancy," to insert " who are well u affected to his Majesty, and his Government: '

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas^'

rr n r o x- (Colonel Granville,

Idlers for the Noes, j sir R

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his 4II Majesty,

| U 2.

| 120.

London

Poor.

Committee.

French Protestant Church in St. Martin Orgars.

London

Poor.

Ricarde's, &c. Nat.

Governors of Plantations.

Riddel's

Estate.

302 2 6° — 27° Martii. A. 1700.

Majesty, That it will much conduce to the Service of his Majesty, and the Good of this Kingdom, that Gentlemen of Quality, and good Estates, be restored and put into the Commissions of the Peace, and Lieutenancy; and that Men of small Estates be neither continued, nor put into the said Commissions.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight and Mr. Weston be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better employing and relieving the Poor of the City of London is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 27* die Martii.

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Portions for the Daughters of the said Thomas Riddel; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ilore's for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore Esquire, for EstAte-Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Part, in Trust, for raising a Portion and Maintenance for Elizabeth, his only Daughter by his former Wife; and for making a Jointure for Mary, his now Wife; and for a Provision for the Children by the said Mary; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Barth. Shower, SirWm. Drake, SirWm.Coriton, Mr. Northmorc,

Mr. Crane, Sir RowlandGwynne, Mr. Blaak, Mr. Blofei/d,

Sir John Packing ton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. White, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Mount ague, Sir John Garrard, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Hen. Parker; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

J

c

1

D

5

D

j

II

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin Orgars, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God, in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England, do meet upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eight a Clock: And that all Parties concerned do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom t^ie Bill for the better Employing and Relieving the Poor of the City of London is committed, have Power to report their Opinions upon the Petitions to them referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Ricarde, Jacob Dabbadie, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Sir Cha. Carteret, Sir Barthol. Shower, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bulk-ley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hayes, Sir Rich. Onslotv, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Steph. Leonard, Mr. Osbourne, Lord Corn-bur y, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Packington, Mr. Hughes, Sir Hen. Parker, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. England, Sir Bevil Greenvile, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Theo. Oglethorpe, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Philips, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Morgan, Sir Thomas Day, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Stringer, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. White, Sir Rober't Napper, Sir Wm.Blacket, Sir Richard Farrington: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to punish Governors of Plantations here, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Selling the Manor of Fenham, in the County of Northumberland, for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Riddel Esquire, and Edward Riddel his Son; and raising

A Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt was Insolvent read the First time. Debtors. J

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, in a full House.

An ingrossed Bill for the appointing Assay-masters, for Assaying of the Assaying of Plate in the most considerable Cities and plilte-Towns within this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That all Plate manufactured in England, after the said 24th Day;

of June, being of the Goodness of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweight, and marked as by the Act directed, may be exported to any of his Majesty's Plantations:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the "Title be, An Act for appointing Assayers of Plate, and settling the old Standard thereof within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Bartholomew Shower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Robert Legard;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Howland* for taking the Estate, in Law, of several Messuages and ^state* Lands mortgaged to Jeffrey and Edward Honvland;and their Heirs, out of Wriothesly Russell, commonly called Lord Marquis of Tavistock, and his Lady, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act child's for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Sir Josiah Estate. Child Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Tho. Cook Knight, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Mompesson reported from the Committee, to Thames whom the Bill for the Explanation and better Execution, Watermen, of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherry-men rowing on the River of Thames, and for providing One Order and Government amongst them, and also amongst the Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered,

12 W. III. 2 70 Marti303

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

firing Mr. Mompesson, according to Order, presented to the w- House a Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

mrllar- An ingrossed Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour k was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That no Coaster or Fisherman shall pay the Duty charged by that Act oftener than once in any one Year:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up; and the Clause amended: And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Blouse to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, to exempt Southampton from the Duties charged by that Act: And the same was once read; and, being interlined, was withdrawn, by Leave of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1 be, An Act for the Repair of Dovtr Harbour.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

ugei'j&c. A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize John Bourges, and others, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ipplyBiO; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee itksoi of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying further lb* Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of such Persons as have purchased reversionary Annuities, when the Nominees are not known to be dead.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said

Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige those that have the present Estates in Annuities, to make Proof from time to time, that their Nominees .1* are living.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said

Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for Relief of such Persons who, by Fire, or other Accidents, have lost any Malt Tickets, or Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for repealing a Clause in a former Act, relating to Persons taking the Oaths, and registering Assignments, upon , Selling of Orders or Tallies in the Exchequer.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to confirm Assignments, made by the Earl of Ranelagh, of Annuities to Clothiers, pursuant to a late Act made in that behalf.

J — Sir Godfrey Copley, according to Order, reported,; c' from the C ommittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debt due to the Army, and for Transport Service, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vo l. 13.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Redemption of Debts:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to determine the Differences touching the said Debts:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Arrears of Pay to Officers:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Form of the Debentures to be given to Soldiers:

And the same was twice read with a Blank; which was filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Certificates to Officers to be for no more than is due from the King:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Salaries to Clerks and Officers:

And the same was twice read with Blanks; which were filled up; and then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Certificates and Debentures to be made by certain Days:

And the same was twice read with Blanks; which were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, take into Consideration the Number, Qualifications, and Manner of choosing the Commissioners for the said Bill.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Duke of tituled, An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolk's Mar- Norfolk's riage with the Lady Mary Mordant, and to enable him Dlvorce-to marry again, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, to make void Conveyances made by the Duchess of Norfolk:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Clause be brought to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, for Notice to be given of Payment of the 10,000l. mentioned in the Bill:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill; Pr. #, L. *, after " Ancestors," to insert "according to the Settlements and Entails thereof:"

And the Question being put, that those Words be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gxcyme do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Raising ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1700,

although

Woollen Manufactures, &c*

Ilore's

Estate*

French Protestant Church in St. Martin Orgars.

PelaGarde's, &c. Nat.

J ans.on's

Estate.

304

although the Month s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, touching the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Pill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, exported, have Leave to sit To-Morrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore . Esquire, for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Part, in Trust, for raising a Portion and Maintenance for Elizabeth, his only Daughter by his former Wife; and for making a Jointure for Mary, his now Wife; and for a Provision for the Children of the said Mary; is committed.

Ordered, That the Lord Combury, Mr. How, Sir James Oxindon, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Clark, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Ireton, Sir John Manwareing, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Morgan, Colonel Kirk by, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Clayton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Martin Orgars, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God, in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England....

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

1700.

to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill to punish Governors of Plantations Governor in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantation Plantations, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to punish Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned Expiring was read a Second time. Liw$.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Blacket, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Rowl. Gxvynne, Sir Wm.

Fillers, Sir Thom. D avail, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Shallet, I Mr. Moor, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Bernardiston, Mr. Yates,

Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Car, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Cha. Hotham,

Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Vane, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Davy, Mr. Worsley, Mr. Chace; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and that serve for the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wessefl* to enable Leonard IFessell Esquire to sell the Manor of Estate* Acres Fled, in the County of Essex, settled on his Marriage with Sarah his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure; laying out of the Money arising by such Sale in Purchase of other Lands; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Heysham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

a 7° — 28° Martii.

Jovis, 28° die Martii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABRAHAM Sally, Ja. MaucJerc, Fr. Cappelt, Daniel Cappcll, Solomon de Guiron, Alex. Mylne, Ja. Hallee, John Hesse, Anth. Bicsse, Gab. Ramondon, Ja. Briand, Ja. Cordes, Peter Merchant, John Ville-neufe, Peter de Mombray, John Gignons, Amb.Hanlezvitz, Cha. le Blanc, and Edward Moor, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac De la Garde, John Balere, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Got, Sir Row. Gwynne, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mason, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Stringer, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Thomas Day, Mr. Harcourt, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Lewis, Mr. JFinnington, Sir Robert Napper, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Bolter, Mr, Philips, Mr. Blofeild, Sir. Cha. Carteret, Mr. Clarke, Lord Fairfax, Lord Combury, Mr. Ogle, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Bertie: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Sir John Marrwareing reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Janson Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and Provision for his Wife and Children, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that they bad heard the Petitioner against the Bill; and that he declared himself satisfied therewith; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they had directed him to report the same

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomas to enable Dalby Thomas Esquire to sell Lands in I sling- Estate. ton, in Middlesex, settled on his Marriage with Dorothy his Wife, as Part of her Jointure; he settling another Estate, of equal or greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Holman* to supply the Loss of certain Indentures of Lease and Indentures Release, heretofore made by Philip Holman Esquire, since deceased, to George Holman his Son, now also deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual determining Corpora^ the Right to Offices in Corporations was read the First Offices, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent Frauds in the Insurance of Ships and Frauduk Merchandize was read a Second time. Insurance

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Pitfeild, Sir Wm. Fillers, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Yates, Mr, Moor, Sir James Hubland, Major Holmes, Sir Robert Edon, Colonel Osbourne, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Whitclicot, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Wynn,

Mr. Scrgeson, Mr. Corcper, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Philips, Mr. Mompesson, Sir John Packington; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr.

12 W> IIL 38° M305

King &p« Me. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That Lord IVm. P owlet, Mr Compton, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Gour-points to be his Majesty having, according to their Order, been at- dm, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Tredenham, Sir James Houblpnd,

attended. ^n(je(j to know his Pleasure, when he would be attended Sir Wm. Drake, Sir John Poole, Lord Spencer, Sir Christo-

by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint pher Musgrave: And they are immediately to withdraw

Saturday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, at into the Speaker's Chamber; and make their Report to

Kensington. the House with all convenient Speed.

Seizure of A Petition of John Bateheler Esquire, Mayor of the Stop Anna. £jty of sristoll9 and Sir Wm. Daines Knight, Master of the Society of Merchant Adventurers there, in behalf of themselves, and other Traders inhabiting in the said City, was presented' to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Ship Anna of Bristol, of above 200 Tons, with her Cargo, of considerable Value, and several Passengers on board, bound for Barbadoes, put in at Cork in Ireland, to take in Beef for the Use of the Island, was seized by a Custom-house Officer there, for One of the Sailors carrying on board Ten Yards of Flannel, to make him Apparel, on Pretence of Breach thereby of the Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of England and Ireland, and stopped, contrary to the Intention of that Act, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned is committed: And that they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain the Clause in the said Act, touching the Forfeiture of the said Ship and Goods; so that the same may not extend to any Goods under Value.

folates given A Motion being made, and the Question being put, idwpersti- That the adjourned Debate upon the First Amendment tans Uses. ma(je by the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; was committed; be now 'resumed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said adjourned Debate be resumed upon this Day sevennight.

Supply Bill; , Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole saks* House, upon the Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this sammoned. House do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Court of Request, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Balloting for The Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side for the House with Glasses, to receive from the Members, 0 el* their Lists of Persons to be Trustees, in the Bill of Irish Forfeitures: And, having received the same accordingly; and the Glasses being brought, and set upon the Table;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine j the said Lists; and to report to the House, upon which

Thirteen Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Bierly, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Freeman, Sir Bartho. Shower, Mr. Pitt, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Sir Willo. Hickman, Major Stringer, Sir JVm. Cory ton, the Marquis of Har ling ton. Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Smith, Mr. How, Sir Stephen Leonard, Mr. Yates, Sir Robert Massam, Sir Rozvl. Gzvynne, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Thur-land, Colonel Granville, Mr. Robert Bertie, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Gwynnc, Mr. Crocker, Mr. Foley, Sir Wal-terYoung, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Cook, Mr. Bullock, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Philips, Mr. Vernon^ Sir John Manwareing, < You 1$.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the County Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, G,*ols*

An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties: And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

3d Skin, 5 L. after " the," add " or they; " and, for " Act," read " Account."

38 L. after " any," add " Liberty."

40 L. for the Second " of," read " or."

4 Skin, 27 L. after " County," add the Proviso marked " X."

" X: Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted, That " it shall not be lawful for any Collector, or other Officer, to enter into the Mansion-house of any Peer or " Peeress of this Realm, to distrain for the Duties aforesaid."

Ordered, That Colonel Bierly do-carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Members whom it was referred to inspect Precedents, where Mem- make their bers chosen for several Places, and being absent, have, by Elections. Letters or Messages, made their Elections for which of the Places they will serve, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Regulating Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regu- Prisons, lating of Prisons was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frmcklyn and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Suppressing for the better Suppression of Piracy, with some Amend- Piracy, ments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, v

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vagrants, for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Signing to prevent Disputes that may arise by Officers and Mem- Association, bers of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association, and taking the Oaths, in due time, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Commis-next, at Twelve a Clock, take into Consideration the sioners of Number, Qualifications, and Manner of choosing the Accounts. Commissioners for the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debt due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wallop's to enable Trustees to make Sale of the Inheritance of the Estate. Twelfth Part of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of Bluet Wallop Esquire, during his Minority; and to purchase other Lands with the Money to be raised by such 41 Sale

CWper'fl

Estate.

Raising

Militia.

/lowland's

Estate.

Borie-lace.

fecT'

Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

306 18* — 30° Martii. A. 170a.

Sale, to be settled to the same Uses as the Twelfth Part was so settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Webb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Cowper, of the City of Chester, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was read the Tiiird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaclcerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act Butltf* to enable Henry Butler Esquire, to make Leases of Part £|tut* of his Estate in Lancashire, for Discharge of Incumbrances thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to tije Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to tta same, without any Amendment*

Ordered, That the Report from the Lords Commis- Scampi sioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Navy, Arrean. touching Q's and R s, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1700, although the Month's ray, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gzcynne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Guynnt reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some4 Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking the Estate, in Law*, of several Messuages and Lands mortgaged toJeffry and Edward How-land, and their Heirs, out of JVriothesIy Russell, commonly called Lord Marquis of Tavistock, and his Lady: And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follow eth; viz.

In the Title, Third Line, instead of tl Edward," read " Samuel"

Ordered, That Mr. Blaalc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-Lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration:

And the same w as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

1st Skin, L. 23. leave out from " Force," to the End of the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax:

And the same was pvice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Skin 2. L. 4. for "Six," read " Four."

Ordered, That Sir'John Mordant do carry the Bill to

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for LondmPodi the letter Employing and Relieving the Poor of the City of London is committed, have Power to report their Opinions upon the Petitions to them referred: And that Sir John Cope, Mr. Yates, Sir Fra. Blaak, Mr. Brotherton,

Mt. Egerton, Sir Geo. Hungerford, be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, S& die Martii;

T2° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An BarWi Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Stan- E*tau. sail, and certain Tenements, in the County of York, made by Thomas Barlow Gentleman; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold, for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mompesson reported from the Committee to whom Expiring the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned I*8-was committed, That they had considered the Petition of the Mayor of Bristoll, and others, to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. /

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Thame* Report from the Committee, to whom . the Bill for the Watermen, Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts made touching Watermen and WTherrymen rowing on the River of Thames; and for providing One Order and Government amongst them, and also amongst the Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Wind* sor; was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And other Amendments w ere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered,

12 W. III. 30° Martii. — Aprilis. 307

irporation

Sees.

ostert for sh Forfei-

Ordered, That the Bill for the more speedy and effectual determining the Right to Offices in Corporations be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Wm. Coriton reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Lists of the Persons Names to be Trustees for the Bill of Irish Forfeitures; and report to the House, upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority fell: That they had examined the Lists accordingly; and that the Majority falls upon

158 151

140 140

137

135

Sir Cyril fVyche - -John Cary Gentleman Sir Hen/y Sheers Tho. Harrison Esquire Sir John JVorden Wm. FeUowes Esquire

Thomas Rcrwlins Esquire 135

Francis Annesly Esquire 2 6;

James Hamilton Esquire 2.56 John Baggs Esquire - 212 John Trenchard Esquire 205 John Isham Esquire 199 1Hairy Langfo)'d Esquirei 87 James Hooper Esquire 185

Which Two last Persons had equal Voices:

And the said Report being read at the Table;

And the House being informed by several Members thereof, That Sir John Worden is Baron of the Exchequer, in the County Palatine of Chester, by Patent, during his Life, at a yearly Salary from the Crown; and that they had seen such Patent; and therefore was not within the Qualifications directed by the House;

Resolved, That Sir John Worden is not capable of being a Trustee in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Report, as to the other Persons, do lie upon the Table until the ingrossed Bill for the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions; be read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause being offered as a Rider, (a) that added to the Bill, and once read, That #;

And a Motion being made, That the Clause be read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday, Twelve a Clock.

Fply Bill;

ttiescD

k

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mornr ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

mis- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-trsof ing next, take into Consideration the Number, Qualifi-WDU' cations, and Manner of choosing the Commissioners for the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

fang Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

(eaters Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to fee their whom it was referred to inspect Precedents, where Mem-mm. bers ch0Sen for several Places, and being absent, have, l by Letters or Messages, made their Elections for which of the Places they will serve, be taken into Consideration I upon Tuesday Morning next.

bdulent Ordered, That Sir Henry Parker, Lord Hyde, Sir wances, John Packington, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Philips, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bulkly, Sir Cornw. Bradshaxv, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Wm. Glyn, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Row-ney, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to

(a) This is so in the Original;

Vol. 13.

prevent Frauds in the Assurance of Ships and Merchandize is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luhcb, 1° die Aprilis;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ttiddelt> for the Selling the Manor of Fenham, in the County Estate, of Northumberland, for the Payment of the Debts of Tho.

Riddell Esquire, and Edu ard Riddell his Son; and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Thomas Riddell; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to Whom the Hore's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate.

Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore Esquire, for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Part, in Trust, for raising a Portion and Maintenance for Eliz. his only Daughter by his former Wife; and for making a Jointure for Mary his now Wife; and for a Provision for the Children by the said Mary; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Laws therein Expiring mentioned was read the Third time. Laws*

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, Where Sheriffs have not made Returns of Lists of Jurors, according to an Act made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty, for the Ease of Jurors, and regulating Juries, such Sheriffs may make such Returns as before the making of the said Act:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended: And then the Clause was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment w as proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press last, L. 30th, after " Persons," to insert " or any " Ship or Vessel:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and for explaining the Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wfool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Mompesson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.'

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Suppressing Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill intituled, Piracy.

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Firacy.

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon die Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Skin

Raising

Ahhtia.

Answer to Address.

Thanks on Answer.

Half-pay.

1st Line, leave out " or pretend to have

36 L. leave out " and pretend to have."

9 Skin, 28 L. add Clause A, after the Word " not- " withstanding."

At the End of the Kill add Clause B.

A: " And be it Enacted, That if any of the Goveruors in the said Plantations, or any Person or Persons " in Authority there, shall refuse to yield Obedience to " this Act, such Refusal is hereby declared to be a Forfeiture of all and every the Charters granted for the " Government or Propriety of such Plantation."

B: "And be it further Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid. That in case any Master of a Merchant Ship " or Vessel shall, after the 29th Day of September 1700, u during his being abroad, force any Man on Shore, or " wilfully leave him behind, in any of his Majesty's Plantations, or elsewhere; or shall refuse to bring Home " with him again all such of the Men which he carried u out with him, as are in a Condition to return, when he " shall be ready to proceed in his homewrard-bound " Voyage; every such Master shall, being thereof legaily convicted, suffer Three Months Imprisonment,

" without Bail or Main prize."

Ordered, That Mr. Blathwaite do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Sir Rowland Gfoynn reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1700, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, " That " no more Trophy-money should be raised, until the " respective Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, shall have examined and allowed the Accounts " of the Money received, for that Purpose, for Three " Years past:"

And the same was twice read; and amended; and afterwards, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he, with the House, did, on Saturday last, present to his Majesty their Address, That it will much conduce to the Service of his Majesty, and Good of the Kingdom, That Gentlemen of Quality, and good Estates, be restored and put into the Commissions of the Peace, and Lieutenancy; and that Men of small Estates b£ neither continued, nor put into the said Commissions: And that his Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer, as followeth; 4'iz.

Gentlemen,

I am of the Opinion, that Men of the best Quality and Estates are most proper to he intrusted in the Commissions of the Peace, and Lieutenancy; and Directions shall be given accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the humble Thanks of this House be given to his Majesty, for his Majesty's said most gracious Answer.

Ordered, That the said humble Thanks be given to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

A Petition of the Half-pay Officers was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 14th

308

2 Skin, " any."

5 Skin,

A. 1700.

of Jlarch last, this House was pleased to vote, That the Petitioners should have their Arrears of Half-pay, and be continued therein for this present Year: And being apprehensive, that Provision is made, for Debentures to be given them lor their Arrears, thereupon the Half-pay to cease; all those who have no Estates, nor otherways provided for, must of Necessity be in a very deplorable Condition; which will be the Fate of most of the Petitioners, who have no other Dependence, but the Favour of this House, as a Reward for their Services: That several have been necessitated to contract Debts upon Credit of their Arrears, and others to sell the Half-pay for tin's present Year, upon passing of the said Vote: and, unless the House should continue their Half-pay, according to the said Vote, the Petitioners, and their Families, must perish for Want: And praying, That their miserable Case may be taken into Consideration, as to their Half-pay for this present Year.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Mus-.lins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; is committed*

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn- SuppH ed Debate of Saturday last, touching the Second Reading Land ' of a Clause offered to be added to the ingrossed Bill for *nd Ir the applying all the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ire- lorel< land, and all Gi ants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and for granting an Aid to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and for other necessary Occasions.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, on behalf of the Children of the Lord Kinmorc.

Resolved, That a Clause be brought up to the Table.

The Clause was brought up, and read the First time,

That the Act shall not extend to make void a Grant by his Majesty, or the late Queen, for the Benefit of the Wife of the Lord Kimnore, or her Children, or the Wife or Children of Dudly Bagnall; but that the Provisions in such Grants shall be enjoyed during the Lives of their said Husbands respectively.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £^r* ^otherton, lellers for the Xeas,<Mr# Trenchard:

Tellers for the Noes,

*8.

CSir Robert Cottony '{Mr. Conyers:

] 13k

180.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

f Sir Robert Davers, S,{Mr. Shackerly

Tellers- for the Noes,f J{r' i^te

Mr.

1126.

S3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr' iellers toi the Ye&s'lSir

Tellers for the Noes,{

117.

8l.

13 W. III.

5 *>9

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered, on behalf of the Duke

of Ormond:

Rewin d, That the Clause be brought up to the Table.

The Clause was brought up; and read the First time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 114.

Telkw for the Noes, f £&£* )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time; and amended.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Third time.

The Clause was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Osscry m&y enjoy, for her Maintenance, the Ring's Grant of Lands, Part of her late Husband's Estate, folr her Life* not exceeding 801, per Annum:

And the same was dirice read,

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider to the Bill, That Officers, or others, having taken Grants for Arrears or Debts, and released the King, shall be Infilled to such Arrears and Debts;

And the same was read the Third time.

R.solved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, on Lehalt of the Earl of Cldncarty1 s Sisters:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ycas,[ ?‘r JKalter YoW>

9«-

Lord Wm. Colonel Kirkby:

Mr. Onslozc:

Tellers for the Noesj

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Second time.

The Clause was read a Second time, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Third time.

The Clause was read the Third time; abd amended.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, on behalf of Mrs. Wandsford:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,£

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were so.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, ori behalf of Mrs. Macdonnell:

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth,

-f&sifcSr'}

m i, . V, ( Sir Robert Daslvwood.

Tellers for tire Nocs,> Mr . ']

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, ori behalf of Mr. Abbot:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table; v Voju 13.

60.

75.

being

31.

65.

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, ofi behalf of the Lord Mountjoy:

And a Motion being tirade, and the Qlfefctiofi beih£ put, That the Clause be brought up to thSe Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, ott behalf of the Earl of Carling ford:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, on behalf of Jam Lavalline, an Infant of Five Years old, outlawed, and w hose Father died before the Resolution;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider,

That a Sum of Money might be paid Dr. Lesty, instead of his Grant \

And a Motion being made, and the Question b&rig put, That the Clause bfc brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered Us k Rider, ofi behalf of Mr. Edgwarth:

And a Motion being made, and tife Question being put, That the Clause be brought Op tb the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdta.for theY^ } 40,

telle* for the Noes,* JJj; } 73-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, for Reassessing, that there might be no Deficiency in the Land Tax:

And the same was twice read; and amehded:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and agreed unto by the House to be make Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 2. L. 6. after " Rebellion," to insert " since the " said 13th Day of February 1688."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Blank, Press *, L. *, be filled up up with the Tnistees Names.

And it was so.

And another Amendment tVafc proposed to be riia'de tb the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Amendment be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply Bill) ing, after the said Bill is gone through, resolve itself into Duties ou k Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for lay- sak*' ing further Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East ladies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Commission-take into Consideration the Number, Qualifications, and ersot Ac" manner of choosing the Commissioners For the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Ordered, That the Report from the Lords Commis- Seamen's sioners of the Admiralty, and Commissioners of the Arrears. Navy, touching Q's and R's, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Parker, Sir Rich. Farrington, French Pro* Sir John Pdckingtoti, Mr. Guyn, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir church in St 4 K Roger Mftrtm n

Orgars.

310 iV- 2°

Roger Bradshaw, Lord Hide, Sir William Glyn, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Cook, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Brewer, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martins Or gars, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God, in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 2° die Aprilis;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Ricarde'*, "\ T R. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom fcc. Nat. 1V1 the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Ricarde, Jacob Dahbadie, and others, was committed, That they made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

London Poor. Mr. White reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better employing and relieving the Poor of the City of London was committed, That they had considered the Petitions of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes of St. Sepulchre'sr, St. Andrew'sHolborn, St. Bridget's alias St. Brides, and Part of St. Martins Ludgate, in the Ward of Farrington, without, London, and other Inhabitants of the said Ward, being accounted a Sixth Part of the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and also the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Christ Church within Newgate, London; to them referred; and heard the Petitioners; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the former Petition;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it may be prejudicial to the Government of the City of London, in relation to the Poor, to have any separate Corporation erected within their Limits.

And, upon the latter Petition;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That nothing can be done upon the said Petition, without an Alteration of the whole Body of the Laws relating to the Poor.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Corporation A Bill for the more speedy and effectual determining Offices. the Right to Offices in Corporations, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mompes-son, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Sir Barth. Shore, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Mr. Boscawen, Sir John Cope, Mr. Sargison, Mr. Mounstcvens, Mr. Clark, Sir John Packington, Mr IVeslbrooke, Mr. Vales, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ifysham, Mr. Moor, Mr. Winn, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Harley, Mr. Cooper; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Aprilis. 1700.

for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore Esquire, Hoi* for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Part, in ^kte* Trust, for raising a Portion and Maintenance for Elizabeth, his only Daughter by his former Wife; and for making a Jointure for Mary, his now Wife; and for a Provision for the Children by the said Mary, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the Explanation, and better Exe- Thames cution, of former Acts, made touching Watermen and Wateraw. Wherry men rowing on the River of 7 'harnes; and for pro- 1

viding One Order and Government amongst them, and also amongst the Lightermen upon the said River, between ,.

Gravesend and Windsor; was read the Third time. 1

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That the,

Bill shall not extend to hinder the Watermen of the Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, from plying cross the Thames on Sundays, as usually; and the Money,

earned thereby is to be employed for the Use of poor, 3,

aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen, and their Wi- ].

dows, of the said Parish:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended: ,

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts, made touching Watermen and Wherry-men rowing on the River of Thames; and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor.

Ordered, That Mr. Mompcsson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to Woollen w'hom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered Manufac-at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amend- tures>*c-ment, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, G rain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, exported, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships, to the said Bill, Press the 2d, L. 38. by Leaving out these Words, " or other sooner Determination, except for Nonpayment of Rent within " Three Months after the same becomes due and payable;" because all Grants of Offices or Duties, from the Crown, are subject to other Determinations than by Effluxion of Time, or for Nonpayment of Rent: And though the Commons may think it reasonable, to leave the Grants of the Subsidies, and Aulnage Duties, in the same Condition they are now in; yet cannot consent to continue the said Subsidies and Duties after the Patentees Interest therein shall be determined; whereas the Amendment, made by your Lordships, seems to continue the said Dutiesduring the Term mentioned in the said Grants, though the Right and Interest of the Patentees should be legally determined before the Expiration of that Term.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do go to the Lords, Conference and desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the^srl^d Wltil said Amendment. r

Sir Rozi'land Gwyn reported from the Committee, to Fraudulent w hom the Bill to prevent Frauds in the Insurance of Ships Imwmcw. and Merchandize was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him' to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's TabLe: Where the:

.. same

i a W. III. a*' Aprilis. 3 £ 1

same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, without any Amendment: Also,

pernors of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act stations, to punish Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

bbfw Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

b their whom it was referred to inspect Precedents where Mem-' bers chosen for several Places, and being absent, have, by Letters or Messages, made their Elections for which of the said Places they w ill serve, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

Press 32. L. 24. after " Officers," to insert " of the " Hospitals, and the Officers."

L. 25. after whereupon," to insert " and " certain Arrears due to Clothiers."

Press 33. L. 9. after " Transport Service," to insert " and for Cloathing."

Press 33. L. , after " Officers," to add " and " Cloathing."

Press 38. L. 22. to leave out " or other Places of " Divine tYVorship."

Press 41. L. 5. to insert " in case the said Thomas " Earl of Limerick make no Claim, as aforesaid, thereunto within the time limited by this Act."

Press 42. L. # , before " John," to leave out " the " said."

Press 83. L. # , to leave out" be," and insert " by." Press 102. L. # , after " or," to insert " the High Treasurer."

And the said several Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting An Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

puttee Ordered\ That the Reports from the Committee of

flimleges. Privileges and Elections* which were ordered to be made this Day, be made upon Friday Morning next, after the said Report is considered; and nothing to intervene.

Si Sir Richard Onslow reported to the House, That he

c* having, according to their Order, been at the Lords, to c' desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen j Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, exported, the Lords do agree to a Conference accordingly; and do appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee w ho drew' up the Reasons, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Richard Onslow reported the Conference; and that they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords.

ly Bill; The House resumed the Consideration of the Amend- meat proposed to be made to the Bill for the applying all utures. the forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, and all Grants thereof, and of the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Crown, within that Kingdom, since the 13th Day of February 1688, to the Use of the Publick; and for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Garrisons, and towards paying the Debts due to Seamen, and other necessary Occasions; which was;

Press 20. L. 14. After "same," to insert "in Sterling " Money, as such Money is valued in England"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then other Amendments were severally proposed to be made 10 the Bill; viz.

Press 21. L. 18. to leave out " immediately."

Press 21. L. 30. to leave out " said;" and to leave out44 August," and insert " November 1700."

Press 22. L. 9. after same," to insert " in Sterling " Money, as such Money is valued in England."

Press 30. L. last hut Five, to leave out " or times " hereafter," and to insert " before the Sale or Sales of " such Premises."

Vql. 13.

Resolved, That the Lady Dorothy Bourk, the only Lady Bourk Protestant Child of the Earl of Clanriccard, be recom- recommend-rnended to his Majesty, as a proper Object of his Ma- lbe jesty's Compassion and Bounty.

Ordered, That the same be done by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying further Duties on Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Coin- Sllks* moditiesof the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for4 purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; is committed; That they do receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to take off the Duties upon Lace, made in England, exported.

The House took into Consideration the Number, Qua- Commis-lifications, and Manner of choosing the Commissioners signers of for the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to take, Accounts* examine, and determine, the Debt due to the Army, and for Transport Service.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Commissioners be Five.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner in the said Bill, w ho hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Resolved, That no Member of this House be a Commissioner in the said Bill.

Resolved, That no Person who hath been, or is, an Agent, be a Commissioner iy the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, by Fri* day Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists, to put into Glasses, of Five Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, on the Bill for laying DulltSon further Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other SlIks* Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

3i2 *2° — 3° — 4° A. 1700.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 3* die Aprilis;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Bourges\&c. r i >HE House took into Consideration the Amend-Nat* X ments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to Naturalize John Bourges, and others:

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz. *

* That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

his Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended The Kinj ' by tins House Tomorrow, at Four a Clock in the After- ?W0lnu‘ 1

J , 7r be attend

noon, at Kensington.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a SupplyB2 1 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Duties ou , tire Bril for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Sllk* Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; j

and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-; ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock. j t

1.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Estatesf ;j Bullock, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Whitchurch, Mr. to SUP*, S| 3 Moor, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Hunt, be added to the Com-tJWlsl mittee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; is committed.

Arid then the House adjounf&I till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

JansonV

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Janson Esquire, deceased,

for Payment of Debts, and Provisions for his Wile and

Children, was read the Third time. Jovis, 4° die Aprilis \

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To- 12° Gulielmi Tertii.

morrow Morning. Prayers.

Raising An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year

Militia. 1700, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced be

not repaid, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press , L. , to insert "Month's Pay :"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the fl able accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1700, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gxcyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Fraudulent The House resumed die adjourned Debate of Yester-Insurances. Upon the Bill to prevent Frauds in the Insurance of Ships and Merchandize: And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That in case any Insurer shall fail in his Credit, before the Arrival of the Ship or Goods insured, such failing Insurer may re-assure the Sum or Sums so insured:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ricard's, & for Naturalizing John Ricard, Jacob Dtibbadie, Nat. and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bei'tie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Tredenham reported from the Committee, to whom French the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Pl0testant confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin Orgars, Orgm London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God, in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England\ was committed, That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that they had considered the Petition to them referred, and heard the Petitioners thereupon; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaiut them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Estates given Ordered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of all to supersti- Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; tious Uses. aQ(j fov applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House, to the same Committee, to-whom the same was committed: And that the Committee have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yester- Janson's day, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, EsUle> An Act for Sale of the Estate of Brian Janson Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and Provisions for his Wife and Children.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Mamvaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath. agreed to the same, without any Amendment

An

ia W. III. 4* — 50 ApriliS3x3

ludulent An ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds in the Insurance whom the Petition of the Comriiissioners appointed by orances. of Ships and Merchandize, was read the Third time. Act of Parliament, for preventing the Exportation of An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That Wool, &c. and other Petitions touching the Exporta- *: tion of Wool, were referred, be made upon Monday

And the Clause was twice read, with Blahks; and the Morning next.

Blanks were filled up: And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press , L. , to insert " Pounds Press > L. , to insert " Pounds And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put* That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

{porting A Petition of Walter Devereu.v was presented to the U House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner finds by the Votes of this House, that several Petitions have 1 been presented to the House, complaining of the Expor-! tation of Wool, to the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; desiring the Consideration of the House, in order to prevent the same for the future: That the Petitioner hath been concerned in hindering the Exportation of Wool; and hath, as he conceives, found out a Method for preventing the same: And praying, That sudi Order may be given therein, as shall seem most for the publick Good of the Trade of this Nation.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and hear the Petitioner thereupon.

ipply Bin; Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, upon

ties on the Report of the Bill for laying further Duties on wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for pur- Chasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned,

for Liberty to import Cowries, for a certain time, for the purchasing Negroes upon the Coast of Africa.

korbitant A Complaint beilig made to the House of an exorbi-fargebya tant and scandalous Bill of Charges, delivered hi by one bliutor Thomas Rogers, a Solicitor to the Gunners of Portsmouth,

tsa in respect of a Petition of theirs, presented to the House the last Session of Parliament, highly reflecting, in divers I Articles thereof, upon the Honour of the House, and the Proceedings thereof; and the House being further informed, That the said Rogers threatens to sue the Petitioners at Law for the said Demands;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Rogers be, for the said Offence, sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rob&'t Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

hpiring The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act W for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and for I explaining the Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Ex-

I portation of Wool, out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and

England, into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, without any Amendment. Also,

Thames The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wrmen. for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former; Acts, made touching Watermen and Wherrymen row-

j ing on the River of Thames; and for the better ordering

[ , and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and

Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Vox.. 13.

A Petition of Richard Burdet, Isaac Betts, and several others* was offered to be presented to the House.

And th6 Question being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle* for foe Yea^ } 67.

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying further Duties on wTOught Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities* therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That* for the Purchasing of Negroes in Africa, it shall be lawful to import Cow ries, there being none at present in England\ paying the Duties as if imported from East India; and to have the same Drawback upon Exportation:

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TellmforfoeYe,^ } 46.

Telle* for foe ] 47-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall pay, out of the Money appropriated to the Use of the Navy, for the Year 1700, the Sum of , towards discharging

Part of the Debt due for sick and wounded Seamen:

And the same was twice read with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 5° die Aprilis;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac de la Garde, John Batero, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz. # *

4 L Anc

Exporting

Wool.

The bringing up a Petition negatived.

Supply Bill; Duties on Silks.

Dela Garde's &c. Nat.

3H

5° — 6° Aprilis. A. 1700.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Oi'dewd, That the Lord Carnbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Eit&tes given Sir Rowla)\d Gwyn reported from the Committee, to to tuperati- whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Land^, and tious ses. 0|jjer Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same.were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause wras offered to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Persons who have Suits depending:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Rieard's, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Nat. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing

John Ricard, Jacob Dabbadic, and others. Also,

Raising The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Militia. for raising the Militia for the Year 1700, although the Months Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Thanks Yesterday present to his Majesty their humble Thanks, for his Majesty's most gracious Answer, to the Address of this House, relating to the Justices of Peace, and Lieutenancy: And that his Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, Gentlemen,

I shall always endeavour to do what is for the Good of the Publick.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Reports be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Members, according to Order, put into Glasses Comm* their Lists of Five Persons Names to be Commissioners, *'»oners of in the Bill for the appointing Commissioners, to take, Acc0UDt* examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service; the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, going round the House to receive the same.

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed to inspect the said Lists, and report to the House, upon which Five Persons Names the Majority shall fall: And that the Committee do withdraw into the Speaker's Chambers, and make their Report to the House with all convenient Speed:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Thursby, Sir JVi/loughby Hickman, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bridges, Sir Ja. Hoxv, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Tredenham, Sit Godfrey Copley, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Geo,

Cook, Mr. Harley, Mr. Scobell, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Raleigh, Mr. Fotty, Mr. Cafterett, Mr. How,

Lord Catts, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Brother-ton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bridges; or any Five of them.

An ingrossed Bill for laying further Duties on wrought supply B9 Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Duties ob Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Silks' -reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; was read the Third time:

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. , after " Case," to insert " and mrt " otherwise:"

Press 7. L. 10. to leave out " hath or:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for laying further Duties upon wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Members A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

Elections^ Yhat ^ie House do now proceed to take into Considera-ections. tion the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect Precedents, w here Members chosen for several Places, and being absent, have, by Letters or Messages, made their Elections, for which of the Places they will serve;

It passed in the Negative.

Reports from A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committee That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges. Elections, which were ordered to be made this Day, be made upon Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir i oa

1 ellers lor the i eas,£Mr j 134‘

Tellers for the Noes f Colonel X\i*

lelieisior the JNoesi^Mr Shackerly:3 173>

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made; and the Question being put, That the said Reports be taken To-morrew Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}.23.

140.

Sabbatic 6° die Aprilis;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Shackerly reported from the Committee, to whom Ry# the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, and Harbour, chief Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex-, and other Petitions relating to the Harbour at Rye; were referred; That they had considered the same, and heard the Petitioners; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, together w'ith the Matter, as it appeared to them, to the Hous^; w'hich lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee having heard the Petitioners upon their Petition, and in order to prove the Allegations of the same; and to shew how the Rye Harbour became so obstructed and decayed, as now- it is; they produced several Books from the Commissioners of Sewers, shewing the Condition that Harbour was formerly in; and the Obstructions that have since been made thereto: And the Petitioners likewise produced several Witnesses in relation to the Premises, who gave their Testimony as follows; viz.

Captain

12 W. III. 6°dprilis, 3J5

Captain Wright said, That Captain Skwie came into the Harbour with a Fireship, which drew Eleven Foot Water, at the time of Beach-head Fight.

That the Hindrance of restoring it to the Depth of Water, as formerly, is the having so many Flood-gates; And that it is a very advantageous Harbour: And that there is no other Harbour to secure our Ships betwixt the Nesse and Portsmouth, which is about a Hundred Miles:

That when he went and viewed the said Flood-^ates, he found they took away the Strength of the Water from the Harbour, and hindered the Efflux and Reflux of the Tide; which has caused the Harbour to he chqaked up: That the St. Andrew has rid there in 2\ Foot Water: That it lies very useful to receive Ships that come from Haverdvgrace and Diep: That many a Ship w ould come in there, if there was Depth of Water: And that it is a very convenient Port for Ships to put in and clean, which they might do in Two Days, and put to Sea again.

Robert Cullpepper said, That before any Stops were made. Ships went up to Blackball; and that those Stops did much damage to the Harbour of Rye, so that, in a little time, the whole Harbour would be stopped up:

That if the Flood-gates and Crossrwalls were taken away, it would be as formerly; and that the nearer they come to the Harbour with Stops, the worse it is:

That he has seen Four Ships put in there, of about 60 Tons each, w ithout Anchor and Cable.

Mark Cheswtll said, That he w as born at Rye; He has known the Harbour 45 Years, and that it was, at that Time, a very good Harbour; and can remember when there could ride a Hundred Sail of Ships in the Harbour:

That he has knowfn about 45 Years since, it being in Oliver CrovncelTs Time, Ships ride against the Town of Rye at Low-water, then having Two Fathom and half Water:

That in the late War with the French it w'as much better than now; and that 20 Sail of Ships might come and ride within half a Mile of the Town:

That the last War, a Mile within the Harbour at High-water in the said Point, there was Eleven Foot Water: That the Cause of the Decay of the Harbour, is the making Cross-ways and Flood-gates cross the River Appledore, and Chanel through JVittersham Level:

That he can remember a Ship of a Hundred Tons, built at Appledore, being Six Miles above the Town, about Forty-five or Forty-six Yeare since:

That he knows not how long it is since the First Stop was made:

That Stops were made at Blackwall, about the Year 1646:

That, about Seventeen or Eighteen Years ago, he was, with his Hoy of Sixty Tons, which drew Nine Foot Water, as high as Blackwall, and hath unloaded there:

That the last Stop was made about Four or Five Years ago; and that all Sullage that comes in, rebounds back, and settles in the Harbour, and so choakes it up:

That one Captain Cadman went up to Stone, in the Isle of Omey, with a Ship of a Hundred Ton, and loaded there:

That he can remember a Dutch Man of War, of 40 Guns, came in there, and rid afloat, and loaded Guns there:

That at Spring Tid es it flows Four Fathom, and at Low-water not above a Foot and half, Two Miles without the Town, being a Fla t.

William Cheszoell sa id, That he can remember a Stop made about Five Years ago, and also of his Fathers Iloy going up to Blackball, and of her drawing Nine Foot Water; and that William Kirby was Master of the said Hoy:

And that he can remember Two or Three Fireships coming the re at the time of the Beachy-head Fight.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

1 VpJ-. 13.

Resolved, That it b the Opauion of thb Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations, of their Petition,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Crossrwalls* Stops, and Flood-gales, se.t up ro the River of Rother, and Chanel through JVitterskam Levell\ and inning the said River and Chanefe and making Land of tfoMapie; and likewise Inning of Sea Wasts, which draw a eon&taut Influx and Efflux, to % caur the Harbour of Rye, have wholly hindered; the Navb gation of the said River and Chanel, and are tho Cairn of stopping up thq xaid Harbour.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That if the Stops in the Chanel through Ifittersham Lefoell shall be taken away, and Inside-walls made on both Sides of the Chanel, that it will restore the ancient Navigation of the River Rother> and make the Harbour of Rye a good Harbour again,

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

Mr, Rayner reported from the Committee, to whom Frame-work-the Petition of the Frame-work-knitters, inhabitingwith- kmtters-in the Counties of Nottingham, and Leicester, and Derby, and other Counties adjacent, and within the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, on the behalf of themselves, and other Members of the said Trade, waa committed, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon hearing the Petitioners, and the Company of Framework-knitters; which he read in his Place,; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Beiyannn Green said, That the Company had then Charter granted them in the Year 1663:

That the Company obliges every Man, after he hath served his Apprenticeship, to copie to London, though never so far distant, to take up his Freedom; the Charge whereof is computed at Five Rounds, otherwise he cannot take an Apprentice, which is a very great Prejudice fp the poor Men of the said Trade; And that he knew 0113 Trueman, who came up to London upon that Account, ruined by the Expence, and not able *9 return hack again into the Country:

That, upon the Binding of an Apprentice, they pay to the Company in the Whole, 1 /. 2s. bd.:

That each Man, upon his Admittance into the said Company, pays 15^. and 6d- a Quarter:

That they elect Two Persons to be Stewards in Town, and Two in the Country; and, if they do not come up, they fine them 10/.:

That they chose one Thomas Godfry a Steward; who not complying, they sued him in the City, and got Judgment for 14/.; and put him in Prison for it: And the Money was paid by Collection of the Trade; he beipg so poor, that he could not pay it himself:

That they take 6 d, a Quarter of every Person using the Trade, without rendering any Account; which amounts to 300l. per Annum; and would maintain their Poor, if applied to that Use:

That the Company chose him Steward, and summoned him to make a Feast; but he refusing,' they fined biin 10/.; and brought their Action in London, which put him to 50L Charge:

That they have prosecuted several for their Fines, tP their great Prejudice; though, upon several Arguments in the Common Pleas, the By-law was over-ruled, abd held illegal; notwithstanding which they have chose others since.

James Shaw said, They forced him to come to £<P*-don, to take up his Freedom, which cost about 29 s.; and, together with the Charge of coming up, amounted to 5 L; and be was forced to work Half £ Year to get it up again;

That

u>

That he paid 15$. for his Admittance, and pays 6d. per Quarter.

Edward Staples said, They forced him to come up to London, to take up his Freedom; and took 13s. 4^ for his Admittance, and 1 /. 2 s. 6d. for binding an Apfc prentice:

That he pays 6 d. per Quarter.

Gregory WiUmotl said, That the Company having chose him Steward, he came up, and met the Master; who asked him, Whether he would fine ? He answered, He could not tell till he knew his Partner: And, asking *who he was, the Master refused to tell him; saying, He would have him fine; but he refused:

That he provided a Dinner, and went to the Hall; but the same was shut up, and nobody there to eat it; nor a Room to eat it in:

That there are 2,000 Persons, at least, in the Country, that pay 6d. per Quarter to the Company.

Mr. Roby Sherwin said, That the Company sued one Godfry for not standing Steward, after he was elected by them:

That they choose new Stewards every Year, and fine them 10/.; and, if they do not pay it, they sue them for it The Master, Wardens, and Assistants, appeared; and produced their Charter: By which it appeared, That King Charles the 2d, by his Letters Patents, bearing Date the 19th Day of August, in the 15th Year of his Reign, did ordain, That the Frame-work-knitters should be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Society, of the Art or Mystery of Frame-work-knitters of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales: And thereby did authorize the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, yearly, upon the Feast of St. John the Baptist, to elect and choose One Master and Two Wardens; and also, at the same Feast, to elect and choose Assistants when, and so oft as, there should be any Vacancy: And did also impower the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors, to make Orders for the Rule and Government of the said Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Society, in their several Offices, Function, and Business, touching and concerning the said Society; so as that the said By-laws were not unreasonable, and against the I^aws of the Land: And did also impower the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, under their Common Seal, to make Deputies; which Deputies shall have full Power and Authority, in such Place or Places, within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, where such Deputy shall live, and within such Compass as in their Deputation shall be limited, to rule and govern all Persons using the said Art, according to the Powers in the said Letters Patents before expressed; and according to such By-laws as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, shall, from time to time, make, in as ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants might do, by virtue of the said Letters Patents, within the said Cities of London and Westminster.

As to the First thing complained of; they said, That they did force such as were Apprentices to Freemen of London to come up to London, before they would admit him into their Company; though they lived never so far off:

That Persons free of their Trade are not obliged to be free of the City of London; and that they cannot make any free of the said City of London by their Charter, they being no Company thereof.

As to the 2d thing complained of; they did allow', That they take 15$. for the Admittance of any Person into their said Company: And, for their Justification, produced a By-law, which did oblige to pay, to the Company, ios. in lieu of a Silver Spoon; 2$. to the Clerk of the Company; 1 s. to the Beadle, and 2$. for the King's Duty; and that, if any one refuse to pay this Money, he shall forfeit 30$. to the Use of the Company.

13

JLJLm X

J w.

' As to the 3d thing complained of; they did also admit of the taking of the 1/. 2$. 6d.: And said, the Particulars were as follow; viz. 10 s. to the Company, in lieu of a Proof-piece; 3$. 6tf.;to the Clerk of the Company, for Inrolling; 1 s. to the Beadle; 1$. 6d. to the Company, according to the Statute of Hen. the VUIth; 6 d. for Parchment; the King's Duty, 2s.; and, by the Orphans Act, 2 s. 6 d.

As to the 4th thing complained of; they admitted the taking the 2$. 6d.: And said, It Was pursuant to the Orphans Act; and that they took it of everyone, though they were not bound to Freemen of London.

As to the 5th tiling complained of; they pretended, That, by one of their By-law*s, they had a Power to elect Two Persons, living in the Country, to be Stewards, to make the Company a Treat upon Michaelmas-day; and* upon Refusal, to forfeit 10/.; though the Company did never attend the Lord Mayor on that Day.

As to the 6th thing complained of; they justified th6 Taking of it by virtue of a By-law, which did oblige all Persons to contribute a proportionable Sum of Money towards the obtaining of their Charter, as any other things necessary for the w'ell-being of the Company; provided that such Person or Persons be equally rated according to their Degree, Quality, and Condition; but no mention is there made of any Sum in particular: But denied, That the same amounted to near so much as in the Petition: And that they think 6d. a Quarter very moderate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of James Gardner, committed Prisoner to Privilege-the Gatehouse by this House, for inciting the Rabble A against the Members of this House the 27 th of February P*tlt‘ons for last, was presented to the House, and read; humbly ac- l8C knowledging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same; And praying, in regard of his Poverty, and Charge of his Wife and Children, to be discharged of his Confinement.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Gatehouse do bring the said James Gardner to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order to his being discharged of his said Imprisonment.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom commis-it was referred to inspect the Lists of Commissioners aioners of Names, for the Bill for the appointing Commissioners to Accounts, take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service; and report upon which Five Persons the Majority fell; That they had inspected the same accordingly; and that the Majority falls upon

Thoynas Morrice, of London, Merchant Samuel Atkins, of London, Esquire Thomas Morrice, of Cole by, in the county of ) Lincolne, Esquire - - - - ->

William Farrar, of Bidenham, in the County1)

of Bedford, Esquire.....3

George Langton, of Lang ton, in the County") of Lincoln, Esquire - - - - -3

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third time.

167.

148.

108.

104

102.

The Clerk of the House, Serjeant, at Arms, Clerk clerk of the Assistant, and other Clerks and Officers of the House, House, Ser-having served with great Diligence and Fidelity; and J^at being but slenderly provided for; rms> c*

Resolved, That the said Clerk of the House, Serjeant at Arms, Clerk Assistant, and other Clerks and Officers, be humbly recommended to his Majesty, That they may have competent Salaries, answ erable to their Trusts and Services, settled upon them.

Ordered, That the said Recommendation be made by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition

12 W. III. 6° — 8°

'nnsport A Petition of John Degrave and Francis Minsjialk in >ebt behalf of themselves and others, Owners of the Ships taken up by the Transport... to carry Provisions to Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners upon the Refusal of other Merchants, did contract with the Commissioners for Transportation, in July 1697, to carry Provisions to Newfowidland, to preserve the Country from starving; and were to be paid out of that Year's Funds: And the Petitioners performed their Contract, as, by the Accounts stated by the said Commissioners, whom* as also the Commissioners of the Treasury, the Petitioners have solicited, but can obtain no Satisfaction for what is due to them: And praying, That the said Debt may be stated with the Irish Transport Debt, in order to the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Halfpay. Resolved\ That all the Officers, who have been added

to the List of Half-pay this Session of Parliament, be paid their Half-pay from Michaelmas 1697.

Naval Pay Resolvedf That an humble Address be presented to his pud Half- Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to take into his Consideration the Scheme of an Establishment, which was prepared by his Majesty's Directions, and laid before his Majesty by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for retrenching the Double Pay of the Officers of the Fleet, and their Half-pay ashore; and to settle the same, with the Allowance of , Servants to the Officers at Sea, according to the ancient

Practice of the Navy.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

jkla The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Gardes, &c. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac de la Garde, John Batero, and others. Also,

|Woollen . The Lords do not insist on iheir Amendment made

Manu- to the BilJ, intituled, An Act for taking away the Duties kiures, &c. Upon Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal exported.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Commis- An ingrossed Bill for the appointing Commissioners to t wootre of take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the

Accounts. Army, and for Transport Service, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That no Redemption of Debts, sold by Officers and others, shall be allowed, unless the Party claiming shall enter a Memorandum of such Claim, in the Lord Mayor's Court, by a certain time:

And the same was twice read with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up: And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That the Commissioners shall state the Accounts of Money due for Transport Service, not already adjusted by Act of Parliament,; whose Determination shall be final:

And the same was twice read with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up; and the Clause amended: And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the

Question put thereupon,.....unto by the House to be

made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That rthe Commissioners shall deduct One Day's Pay in each Regiment, Troop, and Company, in each Year, for the ! Service of Chelsea College; and make Debentures for the same to the Paymaster of the Forces, to be applied for purchasing any of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the Benefit of the said College:

And the sam^w^s twice read with a Blank; and the i Blank was filled up: And then the Clause wa,s read the

Vol. 13*

Aprilis. 317

Third time; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause w as offered as a Rider, That the Commissioners shall take an Account, upon Oath, of all Ships and Goods taken as Prizes during the late War; and how the same have been disposed of; and, at the Determination of the Act, lay the same before the King, and both Houses of Parliament:

And the same w'as twice read with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up: And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures shall, at the next Session of Parliament, and as often as required, give an Account, in Writing, of their Proceedings, to the King, and'both Houses of Parliament:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, relating to Londonderry, in the Kingdom of Ireland:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Blank in the Bill, Press *, L *, be filled up with the Commissioners Names.

And the same was filled up accordingly.

Then several Amendments were severally prqposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr* 1. L. #. after " Officers," to insert " and Engineers: "

Pr. 1. L.31. after " Nine," to insert "and for Waggon-money in their Marches in England, and Fire and " Candle, according to the Establishment: "

Pr. 3. L. #, after " Officers, " to insert, " Engineers " and Gunners aforesaid: "

L. *, the same Amendment:

Pr.4. L. 29. to leave out "the said," and insert " this " instead thereof:

Pr. 5. L. last but one, to leave out " over and above," and insert " as well as" instead thereof;

Pr. 6. L. 28. to leave out " said

L. *, to leave out " One w'hole Year, " and insert "per Annum:"

L. *, after " Oath," to insert " and $uch Witnesses as shall be produced upon Oath: "

And the same w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; end the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Afl Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army' Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Aprilis; ,

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That Comraum-he having presented an Address to his Majesty, cat, on concerning Captain Kidd; his Majesty had commanded cermns 1 , him to acquaint th,e House, That his Majesty having received an Account of the Arrival of Captain Kidd in the Jale of Lundy, by a Ship which the Lords of the Admi* ralty had sent to fetch him, which was bound for the Downes; his Majesty had ordered a Yacht to be sent to the Downes, in order for the bringing him up: And that the Commissioners of the Admiralty w ere likewise directed to send their Marshal to take him intp his Custody.

4 M Ordered,

3i8

8° — 90

A.

1700.

Irish Ordered, That the Report made to tins House, from

Forfeitures, the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Irish Forfeitures, this Session of Parliament, be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printer: And that no other do presume to print the same.

Ordered, That the Two Resolutions of the 18th of January last, relating to the forfeited and other Estates in Ireland', be reprinted with the said Report.

Ordered, That the Resolution of the Fourth of April 1690, relating to the forfeited Estates, be also printed with the said Report.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament the 5th of January 1690, be also printed with the said Report.

Ordered, That an humble Address of this House to his Majesty the 15th of February last, and his Majesty's Answer thereunto the 26th of the same February, and the Resolution of this House thereupon, be also reprinted with the said Report.

Grants from Resolved, That the procuring or passing exorbitant the Crown. Grants, by any Member now of the Privy Council, or by any other that has been a Privy Counsellor in this or any former Reign, to his own Use or Benefit, is a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

A Person re- The House being informed, That the Keeper of the

primanded Gatehouse attended, according to Order, with James

charged" Gardner; the said James Gardner was brought to the

0 ' Bar by the Serjeant: Where the said James Gardner, upon

his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said James Gardner be discharged of his Imprisonment in the Gatehouse, first giving Bail to answer the Prosecution directed by this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Powys and Mr. Baron Hatsell:

' Mr. Speaker,

Su I Bill* The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the for-and Irish feited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland; and by Forfeitures. a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto; Lords Amendments.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration: And the same were read; and are as follow; viz,

3d Press, L. 23, after " notwithstanding, " add the Proviso marked A.

At the End of the Rider which conies' in after the Word " made,"in the last Line of the 42d Press, insert the Clauses marked B and C.

100 Press, 12L. leave out from "Term," to "and," in the 8th Line of the 101st Press.

Clause A: " Provided, That nothing in this Act shall " he construed to vest in the said Trustees any other " Powers, Interests, or Estates, as to Estates in Tail, of " any of the Forfeitures in Ireland by this Act vested in " them, than the King has, or may have at any time before the last Day of Trinity Term, 1700."

Clause B: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the " Authority aforesaid, 1,'kat no Grant of any Manors, " Lands or Tenements, Sum or Sums of Money, to any " Person or Persons in this Act before-mentioned, shall M take any Effect, or vest any Estate or Interest in any of " the said Persons, until the King's most Excellent Majesty shall, by his Letters Patents, under the Great Seal " of Ireland, grant such Manors, Lands, or Tenements, " Sum or Sums of Money, to such Person or Persons, " and for such Estate and Interest,' as are herein before " particularly named or mentioned."

Clause C: " Provided always, That nothing in this Act M shall be construed to confirm the Outlaw ry of any Per-" son who was not outlawed till after his Death."

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment:

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The Third Amendment being read A Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments. desired

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up r Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Sir Richard Onslmi\

Mr. Boyle, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Hartingtoiiy Mr. Harcourt, Mr. How, Sir Barth. Shower,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Conyers, Lord Spencer, Lord Cavendish,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mouniague, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cook, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Doimer, ColonelGranville, Mr. Hare,

Mr. Osborne, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Pagit, Sir John Bolles,

Colonel Norton, Sir William Blacket, Sir Rowland Gywn:

And they are to withdraw into the Speakers Chambers; and make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Sir Edward Seymour reported from the said Committee,

That they had drawn up Reasons to be offered at the said ' Conference; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerics Table: Where the same were-read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendments, made by your Lordships, to this Bill; For that all Aids and Supplies, granted to his Majesty in Parliament, are the sole and intire Gift of the Commons: And as all Bills for the granting such Aids and Supplies begin with the Commons, so it is the undoubted and sole Right of the Commons to direct, limit, and appoint, in such Bills, the Ends and Purposes, Considerations, Limitations, and Qualifications, of such Grants; which ought not to be changed or altered by your Lordships.

This is well know n to be such a fundamental Right of the Commons, that to give Reasons for it, has been esteemed, by our Ancestors, to be a Weakening of that Right.

The Commons therefore leave the^ Bill, and the Amendments, with your Lordships; together with the ill Consequences that may attend the not passing this Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Irish ing next, proceed in the further Consideration 01 the Re- Forfeitures, port of the Commissioners for inquiring into the forfeited Estates of Ireland-

Ordered, That a List of his Majesty's most Honourable List of Privy Council be laid before this House upon Wednesday £nvy Morning next. ounci

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are Members ii in Town, do attend the Service of this House upon Wed- Town to nesday Morning next, upon Pain of incurring the utmost attend* Displeasure of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 9° die Aprilis;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Address of the House of Com- Address am mons, of the Fourth of March 1692, and his Majesty's Answer, gracious Answer thereunto, of the Tepth of the same March,

be.

v

12 W. III.

be printed with the Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Irish Forfeitures.

pply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredeth and Sir

ities on Richard Holford: k Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the bill, intituled, An Act for laying further Duties upon wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies; and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

«ply Bill; The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported to the House,

jodTax, That he having, according to their Order, been at the jj Insh Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter uturw. tfje Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Fill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland; and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the Reasons for the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned; fofrreBM Sir Edward Seymour reported the Conference; and tto Lords. that they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to their Lordships Amendments; and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

Jtoilege. Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, upon the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Christopher Lister i Esquire, by Sir Bazil Firebrasscy and others, arresting Edward Chandler, a menial Servant, and Under-keeper of the Walk, of the said Mr. Lister; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Matter of Fact w as opened by the Counsel to be thus;

That, upon tho 7th of May last, the said Edward Chandler was taken up in Enfield Chase by 15 or 16 Men, upon Pretence of Deer-stealing, and carried to Sir Baz. Firebrass his House, and there examined; and, after having i been carried to several Places, lie was at last brought to the St. Johns Head Tavern in Chancery Lane, where he was examined by the Recorder of London, and convicted of Deer-stealing, and by him committed to Newgate: That he was discharged from his Imprisonment by the Court of King's Bench, being brought before the Court' by Habeas Corpus; and was afterwards, viz. on the 1st Day of January last, taken up for the said Offence, and again committed to Newgate by Mr. Justice Monday; and in like manner, again discharged by the Court of King's Bench: And to prove the whole Matter, but especially the first Taking up of the said Edward Chandler, which, they alleged, was without a Warrant or Officer, the Counsel for Mr. Lister w ould have examined the said Edward Chandler himself; which they insisted upon to be reasonable in this Case, he neither being to get nor lose by any Examination of the Committee; and for the Necessity of this Sort of Proof, in this Case, the Matter not being capable of being proved otherwise.

1 On the contrary, the Counsel for the Persons complained of insisted, That he ought not to he admitted a Witness in this Case, having been convicted twice for so great an Offence as Deer-stealing; and for that his Evi- dence would tend to justify himself against the Convictions; and therefore that he would be concerned in the Consequence, which w as to ease himself: And said, That the said Edward Chandler was not discharged from those Convictions, but they were still under Consideration of the Court of King's Bench; and that they had a Warrant for the first Apprehending of the said Edzoard Chandler.

Vol. 13.

31?

And that, upon hearing the Counsel on both Sides, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edward Chandler ought not to be admitted as a Witness in this Cause.

And the Counsel being called in again, and acquainted With the said Resolution; Mr. Lister's Counsel declared, That they depended on the Evidence of the said Edward Chandler, to make out the said Breach of Privilege; and, he being not to be admitted as a Witness, they could not advise their Client to proceed.

And they being withdrawn; the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir BazillFirebrasse, James Monday Esquire, Charles Wiford, William Whitlock, J. Blower, George Pretty alias Damme George, Garnet, Antony Buckmaster, Robert Dallison, John Jennings, and # Jeffryes, are not guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of the House.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question bring put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Bazill Firebrasse Knight, James Monday Esquire, Charles Wilford, William Whitlock, J. Blower, George Pretty alias Damme George, Garnet, Antony Buckmaster, Robert Dallison, John Jennings, and # Jeffryes, are not guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of the House.

A Complaint being made to the House of a Breach of Privilege committed against the Lord Coningsby, a Member of this House, by one Mr. Soransee9 a cashiered Officer, by assaulting the said Lord Coningsby near this House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Soransee be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercuriij 10# die Aprilis;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray ers,

MR. Southwell, one of the Clerks of the Council, attending; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, — A List of the Names of the Lords of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then withdrew.

And the said List was read; and is as followeth; viz. His Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark. Thomas Lord Archbishop of Canterbury.

John Lord Somers, Lord High Chancellor of England. Thomas Efis\ of Pembroke, Lord President of the Council. John Viscount Lonsdale, Lord Privy Seal.

Hemy Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal of England. W?n. Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Household.

Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household.

Thomas Duke of Ormoyid.

Mainhardt Duke of Schonberg.

Charles Duke of Bolton.

Thomas Duke of Leeds.

William Duke of Bedford.

Robert Earl of Lindsey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England.

Aubry Earl of Oxford.

Charles Earl of Dorset.

John Earl of Bridgwater.

Charles Earl of Manchester.

Tho. Earl of Stamford, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.

Robert

90 — 1 o° Aprilis.

Privilege-Assault of a Member.

List of Privy Council.

Irish Forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Land TaN, and Irish Forfeitures.

Conference with Lords.

5*3

i6° Apr His.

A.

1700.

Robert Earl of SUndtrland.

John Earl of Bath.

Charles Earl of Berkley.

Lantence Earl of Rochester.

William Earl of Portland.

Thorites Earl Of Fduconberg.

Ralph Earl of Mountague.

John Earl of Maryborough.

Richard Earl of Scarbrough.

Francis Earl of Bradford \Treasurer of his Majesty's

Houshold.

Henry East of Romney, Master General of the Ordnance.

Ford Earl of Tankerville.

Edward Earl of Orford

Edward Earl of Jersey, Principal Secretary of State. Richard Earl of Ratielagh.

Henry Lord Bishop of London.

Robert Lord Ferrer's.

Thomas Lord Wharton» Comptroller of his Majesty's Houshold.

Robert Lord Lexington.

Sidney Lord Godolphiii.

Thomas Lord Coningsby.

peregrine Bertie Esquire, Vice Chamberlain to his Majesty.

James Vernon Esquire, one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

John Smith Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer.

Sir John Holt Knight, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench.

Sir John Trevor Knight, Master of the Rolls.

Sir Henry Good'rick Knight and Baronet.

Sir Joseph Williamson Knight.

Sir William Trumbull Knight.

Charles Mountagu Esquire.

' Hugh Bosdatv'en Esquire.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to the further Consideration of the Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates of Ireland.

other Estates and Interests in Ireland; and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

Because the Reasons given by the Commons, against their Lordships Amendments, do no-ways relate to the Matter contained in the said Amendments:

Because, though there be nothing in the said Amendments relating to Aids and Supplies granted to his Majesty in Parliament; yet the Commons have thought fit to take Occasion thereupon to assert a Claim to their sole and entire Right, not only.. the granting all Aids in Parliament, but that such Aids are to be raised by such Methods, and with such Provisions, as the Commons only think proper: If the said Assertions were exactly true, which their Lordships cannot allow; yet it could not with good Reason, follow from thence, That the Lords may not alter or leave out according to their Amendments, when the saving the Estates of innocent Persons, and of such as have been outlawed after their Death, makes such Amendments necessary.

And the Lords think it unreasonable and urfjust to vest in the Trustees any greater or other Estate, than was in the forfeiting Person, or than the King may legally have; since thereby not only many innocent Persons, who come in by Descent, or Purchase, or other valuable Considerations, might suffer equally as Criminals, but 'tis possible that Men, who, with the utmost Hazard of their Lives, have been defending the Government, may forfeit as Traitors; and they cannot apprehend, that, by any Law of this Land, or by any Rule of Reason or Justice, any Person ought to be outlawed after his Death; since 'tis condemning a Man unheard, and allowing him no Opportunity of making his Innocence appear.

The I>ords admit the Resumption of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to be a Thing necessary, by reason of the great Debt due to the Army, and others, which they earnestly desire to see discharged; and are therefore very willing and desirous to give their Consents to any reasonable Bill the Commons shall send them up to that Purpose: But the Lords can by no means consent, That the Commons shall take upon them to dispose of any of the said Forfeitures to any private Persons; it being the sole and undoubted Right of the Crown, to be the Distributor of

And a Motion being thereupon made, That the Reso- all Bounties; and being contrary to all the Laws and Course

lutions of the Eighteenth of January last, and of Monday last, relating to Grants, be read; and also that several Paragraphs of the said Report be read:

The same were read accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mcrcdeth and Sir Richard Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the fainted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. "Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That die Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Edward Seymour reported, That those who the House were pleased to command, had met the Lords at the Conference; and that it was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President; who was pleased to open the Conference in this manner:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I shall not trouble you with any Reasons to introduce ‘this Conference: The Reasons that relate to the Differences between us are contained in a Paper; and I hope they are proposed in that manlier, as will tend always to the maintaining a good Correspondence between the Two Houses: Which Paper is as followed); viz.

The Lords do insist on their Amendments to the Bill for "granling an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and of Parliaments, to give Aids, Supplies, or Grants, to any but the King only: And, as the contrary Practice is totally new and unprecedented; so, in Process of Time, it may become of the last ill Consequence to the Publick.

The Ixirds cannot agree to the Clauses, that create an Incapacity in the Commissioners or Managers of the Excise for sitting in this Parliament: Because the Qualification of Members to serve in Parliament is a Thing, if proper to-be meddled wdth at all, that hath been thought fit, by the Commons, to be in a Bill by itself; and the joining together in a Money- Bill Things so totally foreign to the Methods of raising Money, and to the Quantity or Qualifications of the Sums to be raised, is wholly destructive of the Freedom of Debates, dangerous to the Privileges of the Lords, and to the Prerogative of die Crown: For, by this means, Things of die last ill Consequence to the Nation may be brought into Money Bills; and yet neither the Lords, nor the Crown, be able to give their Negative to them, without hazarding the publick Peace and Security: And it seems a great Hardship to the Counties and Places who chose such Members, to deprive them of their Service, since they knew them to be Commissioners of Excise at the time they chose them; and since the Commons admit them to be proper Persons to serve either in Excise or Parliament, though not at the same time; so that there seems to be no other Reason of distinguishing these Commissioners, but what is common to all other Officers of the Crown; and the Question, whether such an Alteration may be convenient, must needs be a Doubt with the Lords, since the Commons have not been able, this very Sessions, "to satisfy themselves with the Bill, and the Considerations diey have entertained upon that Subject.

The Lords do seriously consider the Dangers.and Inconveniencies that are likely to happen by the Loss of this Bill,

and

12 W. III.

io° — x i°

and by the Difference betwixt the two Houses; and are heartily sorry for them; and desirous to avoid them by all the Means they can, as does manifestly appear by their having complied, and overlooked the Irregularities of Hills of the like Nature, and, at the same time, by entering in their Hooks, to be seen by every body, their just Sense of the W rong, and their Resolution ol assorting that fundamental Right, of the Exercise of which there are many Precedents, extant in their Hooks: Hut since they find, that such their kind Intention, of maintaining a good Correspondence with the Commons, has had no other Effect, but to introduce greater Inqxositions upon them, and such as will certainly prove destructive of the ancient and excellent Constitution of our Government; since the Ixxrds have no Objection to the Resumption, nor no Design to invade the least Right of the Commons, but only to defend their own; that they may transmit the Government, and their own Rights and Privileges, to their Posterity, in the same State and Condition that they were derived down to them from their Ancestors; they think themselves wholly discharged from being in the least accessary to any such Dangers or In-

Tellmfor.be No

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question That the House do adjourn;

The House divided.

'Phe Yeas go forth.

J

321

167.

being put, adjournment.

Tellers for the Yens letterstoi the xea.,^fr

143*

Tellers for the } '«

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That no Person, who is not a Native of his Do minions, except his Royal Denmark, be admitted to England or Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Address

Highness Prince George of his Majesty's Councils, in scllor*.

Candles.

Address that Foreigners should not be

Privy Coun-

be presented to his

conveniencies; and conceive they arc sufficiently justified, Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Conference drsired with Lords.

before God and Man, in withstanding such Innovations and Invasions upon our Con.->titution, and our Laws, as must necessarily prove the Destruction of them.

The Hou'e Resolved, Nemine contrThat this House doth

insist oinheir jnsjsj m,on their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a free Conference he desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Two last Conferences.

Ordered, That Mr. B do go to the Lords, and desire the said free Conference.

Mr. Boyle reported to the House, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference; the Lords do agree to a lice Conference accordingly; and do appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members w ho managed the Two last Conferences, do manage the free Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Jovis, 11® (lie Aprilis; 12® Gulielmi Tertii.

A

by Mr. Meredeth Commissioners of Ac-

Pra vers.

M E S S A G E from the Lord

and Sir Richard Holjon

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

counts.

List of Privy Council.

I.obby to be dr.tred of Strangers, &c.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax kiid Irish Forfeitures.

The Serjeant was called upon to give an Account what Serjeant he had done in relation to directed to be states his

Sir Edward Seymour reported, That they had met the taken into his Custody: And he acquainted the House, , ^etTend-

Lords at the free Conference, and discharged the Corn- That Iris Messengers had been at many Places in and Person,

mands of the House thereat; and left the Hill, and about die Town, to inquire for him, but could not find

Amendments, with the Lords. him.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address for Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Majesty, That he will please to issue his Royal Procla- Proclama-

the List of the Lords ol his Majesty's most Honourable mation for the apprehending for his high tl0tl*

Misdemeanor in assaulting the Lord Callings a Member of this House, near this House, promising a Reward to such as shall apprehend him.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Soli- ,

citor General do effectually prosecute the said for the said Offence.

Privy Council

Ordered, That the Lobby be cleared of all Strangers: And that the Hack-doors of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up, and the Key brought, and laid upon the Table: And that the Serjeant do stand at the Door of the House, and sutler no Member to go forth.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredeth and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act

Motion for removing Lord Sommers.

Sir acquainted the House with what Supply Bill;

he had insisted upon at the free Conference Yesterday ^‘p^.a)C for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the for- with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amend- fe"tureg[ feited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland; and by ments made by the Lords to the HilJ, intituled, An Act a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the for-mentioned; without any Amendments. feited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland; and by

And then the Messengers withdrew'. a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein

mentioned; and moved, That the same might be entered A Motion being made, and the Question being put, upon the Journal.

That an humble Address he made to his Majesty, to re- Ordered, That the same he entered upon the Journal, move John Lord Summers, Lord Chancellor of England, And the same is as follow cth; from his Presence and Counsels for ever; That Sir Edward Seymour said to the Lords to this

The House divided. Effect, That this was a Conference upon the Subject-

matter of the Amendments made by ir Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and 4 N Interests

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for tire Yeas,^£ VOL. 1,-J.

7

toC.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

322 i x° Aprilts. — 230 Maii. — 200 Junii. — 1° Augusti. — 120 Sept. — 240 Oct. — 21* Nov. A. 1700.

Interests in Ireland; and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned: That the Commons had desired it for the preserving of the Forms of a free Conference; but yet that there was very little Room left for Debate, since the Right of the Commons was contained and declared in their former Reasons, from which they should never depart; and that the giving any other Reasons than what they had before given would be a Diminution of that Right; and that the Managers did not therefore enter into any Debate of the Lords Reasons for the said Amendments.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Message to Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: ^ttend llit

Mr Speaker, Kl°g*

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers, immediately.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, >vent up to attend RoyalAsse his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty to was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills.

And afterwards the Earl of Bridgwater, by his Majes- Parliament tys Command, prorogued this Parliament until Thursday prorogued the 23d Day of May next.

Jovis, 23° die Mail:

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

TilE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 20th Day of Ju/ce next: And the same was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 20th Day of June next.

Jovis, 20° die Junii;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: WThere the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the First Day of August next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until Thursday the First Day of August next.

Jovis, 1° die Augusti;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorised by virtue of his Majesty's

Jovis, 12* die Septembris;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

TilE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being at the Bath for his Health;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Twelfth Day of September next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until Thursday the Twelfth Day of September next.

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- — ----- --f-----

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Four-and-twentieth Day of October next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until Thursday the Four-and-twentieth Day of October next.

Jovis, 24° die Octobris;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

TilE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the One-and-twentieth Day of November next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the One-and-twentieth Day of November next.

Jovis, 21° die Novembris;

12* Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Sixteenth Day of January next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the 16th Day of January next.

By

12 W. Ill

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the speedy calling another.

WILLIAM R.

Prodama- WHEREAS We have thought fit, for divers im-tion for dis- portant and weighty Considerations, by and with the Ad-toent.Par* V1Ce Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Thursday the Sixteenth of January next: We do, for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the said Parliament, are discharged from their meeting

323

upon Thursday the said Sixteenth Day of January: And to the Intent Our good Subjects may perceive the Confidence We have in their Affection, and how desirous We are to meet Our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, We do hereby make known to Our said Subjects, That, in respect of some Matters of the highest Importance to this Our Kingdom, We do intend to give Directions to the Keeper of Our Great Seal, for the Issuing out of Writs in due form of Law, for the calling a new Parliament; which shall begin and be holden at Westminster on Thursday the Sixth Day of February next.

Given at Our Court at Kensington, the Nineteenth Day of December 1700, in the Twelfth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save The KING.

JOURNALS

Parliament

meets.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

6° Die Februarii; 12° Willielmi Tertii; Annoque Domini

1700.].

THE Parliament meeting, pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose; the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Household, came, about Eleven a Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place, to administer the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament: And Thomas Chute Esquire, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered in a Book of the Names of the Members who had been returned; and Paul JodrcU> Esquire, the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Needier, his Clerk Assistant, and other his Clerks, attending according to their Duty; the said Lord Steward did administer the Oaths appointed, to several of the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto annexed, to several of the said Members, who had been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; who administered the same accordingly, to such others as appeared: And the Members being informed, That the Parliament w^s to be prorogued, by Writ directed to the Lords and Commons, they, without expecting any Message from the Lords, went to the House of Peers: Where the Writ for proroguing the Parliament until the Tenth Day of February Instant was read: Which is as followeth; viz.

GU LI ELM US R.

G U L1E L M U S Tertius, Dei gratia, Angli®, Scotine,

Franci® & Hibernia; Rex, Fidei Defensor, &c. Predilectis & fidelibus nostris prelatis, magnatibus, & proceribus, reg-ni nostri, ac dilectis & fidelibus nostris miiitibus,- civibus, Sc burgensibus, dicti regni nostri, ad parliamentum nostrum apud civitatem nostram Westmonaster', Die Jovis, sexto die'install' mensis Februarii incohand' Sc tenend', convo-catis & electis, & vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Cum nos, pro quibusdam arduis & urgentibus negotiis nos, statum, & dei'ensionem dicti regni nostri Anglice, ac ecclesiae Anglican®, concerncn', dictum parliamentum nostrum ad diem & locum predict' teneri ordinavimps, ac vobis, per separal' brevia nostra, apud civitatem et diem predict', interesse mandavimus, ad tractand', consentiend', Sc con-cludend', super iis quee in dicto parliamento nostro tunc & ibidem proponerent'& tractarent': Quibusdam tamen certis de causis & considerationibus, nos ad presens spe-cialiter movend', dictum parliamentum nostrum usque diem Luna\ decimam diem ejusdem Februarii, duximus prorogand; ita quod net* vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad diet' diem Jovis, sextum diem Februarii, apud civitut' predict'

comparere teneamini seu arctemini: Volumus enim vos,

& quilibet vestrum, inde erga nos penitus exonerari rnan-dantes, & tenore presentium firmit' injungendo; preci-pientes vobis, & cuilibet vestrum, ac omnibus aliis quibus in hac parte intersit, quod ad dictum diem Lunae, decimum diem Februarii, apud predict' civitat' Westmonaster', personaliter compareatis Sc intersitis, Sc quilibet vestrum compareat et intersit, ad tractand', faciend', agend',

& concludend', super iis quae in dicto parliamento nostro, de communi consilio dicti regni nostri, favente Deo, contiguit ordinari. Teste meipso, apud Westmonast', quinto die Februarii, anno regni nostri duodecimo.

Chute.

Breve ad parliament', de prima summonitione proro-gand'.

WILLIAM Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward Lord of Jiis Majesty's Household, One of his Majesty's most Steward's Honourable Privy Council, and Knight of the most noble Deputatl< Order of the Garter, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, John Lord Rosse, John Granvitl Esquire, Sir Wm. Strickland, Simon liar court, Sir Wm. Forrester, Ja. Low t her, Wm. Lord Pawlet, Sir IVm. Drake, Hen. Pagitt, Sir Jac. Astly,

Geo. England, Sir Jervas Elives, Tho. Freke, Geo. Rodny Bridges, Sir llo. Clayton, Law. Carter, Sir Wm. Ashurst,

Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Wm. Bridges, Jo. Tredenham, Sir Rich. Onslow, John Dutton Colt, lien. Yates, 'Tho Targes, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two,- or One of them, my Deputies and I)eputy, in my place and stead, to tender and minister the Oaths mentioned in the Statute made in the First Year of his now Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitt#ig of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person which is or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to be holden, this Sixth Day of February Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons which is or shall be elected or appointed Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any of the said Five Ports, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament begun and holden on the said Sixth Day of February aforesaid; giving the m,

Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform" the same;

ratifying

12 W. III.

ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies, or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, shall do and perform, in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the same. In Testimony whereof, 1 have hereunto set my Hand and Seal.

Given this Sixth Day of February, in the 'Twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, See. Atinoque Domini 1700-1.

Devonshire. Locus Sigilli.

io° — 11° Februarii.

Lunce, 10° die Februarii;

120 Gulielmi Tertii.

FT1HE Members, who had taken the Oaths, being X repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons;

pe«age to A Message was delivered from the King, by Mr. Aston, pend the Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the Homse of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty: Who was pleased, by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, to command the Commons to return to their own House, and choose their Speaker, and present him to his Majesty upon Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

| And the House being returned;

fr. Harley Sir Edward Seymour recommended Robert Harley

Esquire to be Speaker, as being a Person fitly qualified to tr' discharge that Trust; as being a Person well acquainted with the Rules of the House, knowing in the Laws, and having good Memory to collect the Debates of the House: And being seconded by Sir John Leveson Gower: Whereupon, after some Debate,

Mr. Harley stood up in his Place; and desired, That the House would be pleased to excuse him, and pitch upon some other Person more able than himself to serve them.

After which, the Clerk, by Command of the House, put the Question, That Robert Harley Esquire do take the Chair as Speaker:

And the House divided.

The Yeas on the Right-hand.

The Noes on the Left Teller for the Yeas,

Sir Robert Dovers: 249,

Teller for the Noes, li Sir Walter Yonge: 129.

And the Clerk declared the Numbers; and that the [ Yeas had it.

Whereupon Sir Edward Seymour and Sir John Leveson Gower, conducted Mr. Harley to the Chair: Where, upon the Steps, he humbly thanked the House for the Honour they had done him; but hoped, notwithstanding their Vote, they would permit him to desire of them, That they would be pleased to think further bf it, and choose a fitter Person.

Which the Voice of the House being against; he sat down in the Chair; and the Mace which before had lain under the Table, was laid upon the Table.

And then the House being put in mind, That his Majesty had been pleased to direct them to present their; Speaker Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock;

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Mart is, 11° die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker elect having taken the Chair;

Message to A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy jttemlthe Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers, immediately,

Vou 13.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, Mr. Speaker went up to attend his Majesty, and to present their Speaker: approved of Who spake thus; vis. the KinS4

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

THE Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, in Obedience to your Majesty's Commands have proceeded to the Election of a Speaker; and by their Direction, I am presented to your Majesty, as the effect of that Choice: At the same time I most humbly lay before your Majesty my own Insufficiency to discharge so great a Trust; and therefore do most earnestly beseech / your Majesty to accept my Excuse; and, that, the Publick may receive no Detriment from my Want of Ability,

I most heartily beg your Majesty will give your Commons an Opportunity to make a better Choice.

"Whereupon the Lord Keeper acquainted the House of Commons, That his Majesty was pleased to approve of the Choice they had made; and allowed of Mr. Harley to be their Speaker.

After which Mr. Harley replied;

May it please Your Majesty,'

SINCE your Majesty hath not been pleased to admit of my Excuse, it is my Duty to submit; and I do, in the first Place, with the utmost Thankfulness, acknow-lege the undeserved Honour your Majesty is pleased to confer upon me: And that I may the better discharge that great Trust which your Majesty, and the Commons, have committed to me, I am an humble Suitor to your Majesty, That none of my Failings, or Infirmities, may be imputed to your faithful Commons: And that your Commons may be better enabled to consider of the important Affairs that shall come before them, I do, in their Name, by humble Petition, lay Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges; and more particularly, that they may have Freedom from Arrests and Disturbance to their Persons, Estates, and Servants; -'Liberty of Speech, for the better Management of their Debates;

Freedom of Access to your Majesty's Royal Person, upon Occasion; and that the Proceedings of the House may receive a favourable Interpretation, and be free from all Misconstruction.

I have nothing more to add, but my hearty Prayers, and poor Endeavours, That the Consultations of the Parliament may tend to the Honour and Safety of your Majesty and your Kingdoms.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give his Approbation to their Choice of a Speaker: That he had laid claim, by humble Petition, to all their Rights and Privileges, and particularly to that of Freedom from Arrests, and Disturbance of their,

Persons, Estates, and Servants; Liberty ot Speech; and Freedom of Access to his Majesty's Person: And that the Lord Keeper did signify his Majesty's Pleasure, That they should enjoy all their ancient Privileges, as fully as any of their Predecessors.

And afterwards Mr. Speaker returned the House his hearty Acknowledgments for the great Honour they had done him, in placing him in that Chair; assuring the m,

That he would endeavour to discharge the Duty incumbent on him, uprightly, with all Impartiality, and Respect to the House, and every particular Member of it; hoping that they would consider his Weakness and Infirmities, and give him their Assistance and Support in doing his Duty; and that, in order thereunto, that they would keep the good Orders their Predecessors had established 4O for

.v

Mr. Speaker takes Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Fraudulent

Insurances.

Grand

Committees.

Committee of Privileges.

326 11 12° — 130 Februarii. A. 1700.

for Dispatch of Business, especially at this Time, when the Session begins so late; and that they would come early in a Morning; and, in their Debates, avoid Reflections; for that the House was a House of Debate, and one Reflection would beget another; and it did not become the House to promote these Heats, which were not proper for such an Assembly; and that he hoped the ancient Members would set a good Example to those which had not been there before.

After which, Mr. Speaker put the House in mind, That the Thing the y had to do, was to take the Oaths appointed; and to make and subscribe the Declaration, and sign the Association, by Law established.

And Mr. Speaker, first, alone, did take the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and signed the Association, accordingly.

And afterwards several other Members did take the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and signed the Association, by Law appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Februarii;

12° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE House being met, several other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and signed the Association, by Law appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviSj 13° die Februarii;

13* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and signed the Association. Afterwards,

A Bill for preventing fraudulent Insurances was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed, of Sir RowlandGwyn, MxfVinnington, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ash, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Clark, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Pierpoint, Lord Rosse, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hunt, Sir Walter Yonge, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Speccott, Sir Robert Davei's, Sir Edward Norris, Mr. Edward Ash, Sir Henry Bunbury, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Lee, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Halsey, Sir John Bolles, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Sir Wm. Coriton, Lord Marquis Hartington, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Byerly, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Lord Chenie, Mr. Masters, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Gregory, Sir Fran. Marsham, Mr. Norris, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Moun-steven, Mr. Portman, Sir Geo. Markham, Lord Fitzhar-ding, Sir John Packington, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Ha-rrmd, Mr. Brereton, Colonel Granville, Mr. Tredenham,

Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Crow, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Howard, Sir Jacob Ashley, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Harvey, Earl of Dysert,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Wheeler, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir John > Cotton, Sir John Trevillian, Mr. Flemming, Sir John Leveson Gower, Sir Thomas Mackworth, Mr. Yates, Mr. Birch, Mr. Anderton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Graham, Mr. Champnyes, Mr. Halford, Mr. Ccesar, Mr. Proby, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Nevill,

Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Crocker, Mr. Gorges, Sir Geo.

Rook, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Gulstdn, Mr. Duke, Mr. Poppham, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Scawen,

Mr. Topham, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir John Williams, Mr. Onslow, Sir Stephen Fox, Lord Spencer, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Weston, Sir Sam. Bamardiston,

Mr. Randall, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Poultney,

Mr. Dryden, Mr. How, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Scobell, Mr.

Fran. Roberts, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Charles Pye, Mr. Offley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Iren-chard, Mr. Gower, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Bland, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Bertie, Sir Edw. Hungerford,

Mr. Marmors, Mr. Owen, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Lowther,

Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Bryan Staple-ton, Sir James How, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hysham,

Sir Hen. Seymour, Mr. Russell Roberts, Sir John Phillips,

Mr. Fuller, Lord William Powlett, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bucknall, Mr. England, Mr. Foley, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Colt, Mr. Weld:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet upon Friday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers; and sit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privi-t leges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that w ill question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit but Two Counsel of a Side to be heard in any Case before them.

Resolved, That no Person be taken into the Custody Usual of the Serjeant at Arms, upon any Complaint of a Breach Orders, of Privilege, until the Matter of such Complaint hath been examined by the Committee of Privileges, and re-, ported to the House.

Resolved, That no Member have Privilege in any Case where he is only a Trustee.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member to serve in Parliament.

Declared, Nemine contradicente, to be a Standing Order of the House, That no Member of this House have any Privilege, except for his Person only, against any Commoner, in any Suit or Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, for any longer time than the House shall be actually sitting for the Dispatch of Business in Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, where the House shall judge any Petitions touching Elections to be frivolous

and

Igmondes-jua Writ.

ferthamp-ID Writ.

froitwich

frit

JJfrfliing

WnL

Word

lection.

13 W. III.

13° Februarii.

327

and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity, against such Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir John Garrard Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Wm. Thursby Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, in the room of Thomas Filmer Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Thomas Foley senior, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir John Fagg Baronet, deceased.

The House being informed, That Samuel Shepherd Esquire, a Member of this House, hath been guilty of Bribery at several Corporations, in order to procure Members to be elected into this Parliament;

To which Mr. Shepherd being heard in his Place, and insisting upon his Innocency;

Resolved, That the Matter of the Charge be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Names of the Places, where the said Mr. Shepherd is charged to be guilty of the said Bribery, be delivered to him in Writing.

Ordered, That the said Matter be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next come Three Weeks.

A Petition of Sir Charles Hedges Knight, and Sir Tho. Felton Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Or-ford, in the County of Suffolk, not only by the Mayor and Commonalty, but by the Freemen also; yet Henry Cooper Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County, with Intent to make a false Return against the Petitioners, delivered his Precept to one John Saunders; both whom knew well, that the Execution thereof did not belong to Saunders, as was adjudged at a TryaJ at Bar, last Michaelmas Term; and the said Sheriff did receive an Indenture from the said Saunders, importing, though untruly, that Sir Edmund Bacon and Sir Edward Turner were elected Burgesses for the said Borough; and returned them accordingly; he refusing an Indenture under the Corporation Seal, wherein the Petitioners are rightfully returned by the Mayor of the said Borough: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report The same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vol. 13.

A Petition of John Gape Esquire was presented to the St. Albans House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Election. Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, Colonel Geo.

Churchill, the Petitioner and Joshua and Tho. Lomax Esquires, stood Candidates; where the said Joshua, by several illegal Practices, procured several Persons to vote for him, as well such as had a Right to vote, as such as had no Right; who, by the Mayors Permission, were admitted to poll, though objected against by the Petitioner; and, upon a Scrutiny, it appeared, That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, beyond the said Joshua Lomax, and ought to have been returned with Colonel Churchill; but the said Mayor hath returned the said Joshua, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House, in Justice, shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Pistell, Richard Strctt, and se- Hindon veral other Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, within the Election. Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir James How, George Morley, and Reynolds Calthorpe, Esquires, stood Candidates; and Mr. Morley had a greater Majority of legal Voters than Mr. Calthorpe, and ought to have been returned; but Cantelo Hughes, the Bailiff, polled several for Mr. Calthorpe, who had no Right, and refused to poll several for Mr. Morley, who had a Right: That the Petitioners refused to sign the Indentures for Mr. Calthorpe; but the said Bailiff hath arbitrarily returned him, with Sir James How, in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners:

And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of EAzvard Harley Esquire was presented Leominster to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Borough Election, of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, is an ancient Borough by Prescription, and sends Two Members to Parliament; That John Dutton Colt Esquire, the present Bailiff, Mr. James Caswell and Mr. Edward Bangham,

Justices of Peace of Leominster, with Tho. Price the Tow n Clerk, and Thomas Bubb Overseer of the Poor, did, by Bribes, Menaces, and other unlawful Practices, procure divers of the Electors to vote for the said Mr. Colt; and endeavoured, by Bribes and Threats, to prevail with others not to vote for the Petitioner; notwithstanding all which corrupt and arbitrary Proceedings, the major Number of rightful Votes did appear, and vote for the Petitioner; but the Bailiff refused to return him, and returned the said Mr. Colt, in Wrong to the Petitioner, and the said Borough: And praying a Day to prove the Allegations of the Petition, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Granville Esquire was presented to Newport the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, w as duly elected by the Borough of Newport, in Cornwall, to be their Representative in this present Parliament; yet the Vianders, being prevailed on by unjustifiable Practices, went from the Place of Election, without declaring the Majority; and refused a Scrutiny; and have arbitrarily, and falsely, returnedFrancisStratford Esquire, having declared their Resolutions so to do, before thte Election, if he had but Ten Votes: Which Practices are a Violation of the

Rights

328 130 Februa 1700.

Rights of thfc said Borough, and a Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises and Relief therein.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

East Retford A Petition of Sir Willoughby Hickman Baronet was pre-

Election, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, the Petitioner, John Tho7 % nhaghy and Thomas White, Esquires, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner desired of Edward Jackson and William Peet, Bailiffs of the said Borough, to admit the Petitioner, or some other Friend for him, into the Place of Election, to see that the same was fairly made, but they refused so to do; and, some time before the Election, disfranchised several Persons; and, at the Election, refused others to come into the Chamber, that demanded to vote for the Petitioner; and admitted others to vote for Mr. White, that had no Right: And the said Bailiffs, and Mr. White, used many other undue Practices, whereby Mr. White, procured himself to be returned, although the Petitioner was duly elected: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the same; and report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Vernon and William Ball Esquires Dartmouth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Election. That the Petitioners were duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Clifton - Dartmouth - Hardiness, in the County of Devon: That the Sheriffs Precept was delivered to Joseph Bully, the Mayor of the said Borough, who proceeded regularly to the Election; where all Parties joined; and the Petitioners had the Majority upon the Poll, were declared duly elected, and returned, by the said Bully, to the Sheriff' by Indenture annexed to the Precept; and the Common Seal of the Corporation was put to the said Indenture; and the Sheriff' sent the Indenture to one Thomas Granger, of Lyons Inn, and also the Writ for Election; and the Indenture ought to have been fixed to the Writ, and returned therew ith into the Crown Office: But the said Granger hath returned another Indenture, with the said Writ, into the said Office; and hath suppressed the first mentioned Indenture; in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And prayiftg, That such Proceedings may be had, in relation to the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, w'ith their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Committee do hear the Matter of the said Petition in the First Place;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Sir Richard Vivian Baronet was pre- Mitchell sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Mitchell, in Cornwall, the Petitioner, with others, stood a Candidate; and ought to have been returned one of the Burgesses, having a Majority of legal Voters for him: But by Bribery, and several other ill Practices, used by John Greeby, Portreeve, and others, for and on the behalf of Antony Row Esquire, the said John Greeby hath returned the said Mr. Row unduly, and in Prejudice to the Petitioner; and the said Mr. Row having formerly been dismissed this House for Bribery in the said Borough, the said ill Practice hath ever since been continued there on his behalf: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon this Day Five Weeks.

A Petition of Humphrey JVirley Esquire was presented Litchfiel to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- ^eclion tioner was duly chosen a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfeld: But by Threats and Promises, and many undue Practices, the Petitioners Votes were discouraged and hindered from voting for him, and many were admitted to vote for Captain Dyott, who were not qualified so to do: And the Sheriff refused to take the Votes of several for the Petitioner, which were never refused before; and hath returned Captain Dyot, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition

Newport A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Election. Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That afrthe late Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough aforesaid, John Granville, John Prideaux, Francis Stratford, and John Morrice, Esquires, stood Candidates: That the Right of returning Members to Parliament is in the Electors, and Two annual Officers called Vianders: That Mr. Granville and Mr. Pruleaux, were duly chosen, by a vast Majority; and that an Indenture, for their Return, was tendered to the Vianders, signed by the Electors; who refused to execute it, as also to take a Scrutiny; but promised to take a Scrutiny the next Day; withdrawing, with one Nicolas Moms Esquire, into another County: But, late in the Evening, one Richard Blight, a Servant to Mr. Nicolas Morris, by w'hom the Vianders were solely governed, came into the Borough, and, with the Tythingman, declared, That the Vianders had returned an Indenture for the said Mr. Francis Stratford, in Prejudice to the Right of Mr. Granville, and the Electors: All which was chiefly trans^ acted by the said Nicolas Morris, who recommended the said Francis Stratford to the said Borough, and is Lord of the Manor, as Trustee to his Nephew Sir Nicolas Morris: That twice within Seven Years lie got himself chosen a Viander, though not a Freeholder, which is contrary to the ancient Custom of the said Borough, to overawe the Tenants, and return whefrn he pleases to Parliament; which he unjustly put in Practice at an Election in 1698, when he returned Mr. Francis Stratford, in Wrong to M r. Prideaux, who then had a Majority of Thirty-three Votes; and, as a Continuance of his arbitrary Proceedings, got, last Michaelmas, a mean Taylor, that works fey a Groat a Day, and his Nephew's Servant, to be chosen Vianders; having once before gotten the said Servant, while a School-boy, to be chosen Viander: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and put a Stop to such arbitrary Proceedings, w hereby the Petitioners Rights and Liberties are perverted.

i3 W.III. 130 — 140

A Petition of Sir William Brmnkw B&po*vet, was presented- to the House, and read; spring forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ojf Bishop's Castk3 in the County of Salop; but Thomas. Mason, the present Bailiff, hath returned his Son Charles Mason, w,ho is guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, at the said filec* tion: And praying the House to appoint a short Day for taking the Premises into Consideration,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refeured to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-> port the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Vivian Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Member to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Fozvey, in the County of Cqrmvall; and ought to have been returned: But by many illegal Practices, used by and on the behalf of John Williams Gentleman, and by the partiality of his Uncle Jonathan Tincombe, the Portreeve, he the said Jonathan hath, contrary to the Constitution of the said Borough, returned the said John Williams, in Prejudice to the Petitioners Right: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Arthur Moor Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsbtj, in the County of Lincolne, the Petitioner, Thomas Viner Esquire, and one Mr. William Coatsworth, stood as Candidates; and some of the Freemen of the said Borough did enter into Treaties, with several Persons in London, for Sale of the Choice of a Burgess to such as would give most Money: And, accordingly, one of them did agree with the said Mr. Coats-worth, in London, for a great Sum, to elect him a Burgess for the said Borough, though his Name w as never heard of there until he was actually on the Road thither: And the said Mr. Coatsworth, by the Afayor, and his other Agents, did bribe most of the Voters of the said Town by Money, giving none less than Five Pounds, but to many of them more; and promising them larger Sums after the Election, in case they voted for him: By which, and many other undue and corrupt Practices, Mr. Coatsworth got himself a Majority of Votes, and to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who had the Majority of fair Votes; which the Mayor well knew, who ought to have returned the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon this Day Three Weeks.

Februarii. 529

Anti th&f they doespatwino the Matter thereof; and report the aatoe, with their Opinion therein, tq the House.

A Petition of Rab&l Austen, Esquirqwras presented to WincheUea the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, Election, and John Hayes Esquire, were duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of- If in* chelsea; but one Edgwird Marjyri, contrary to Law, hq being an Officer of the CijsJtoto& taking upon him to cute the Office of Mayor, hath returned Thomas Newport Esquire, a Commissioner of the Customs, and unknown to the Electors, and Robert Bristow Esquire; though the Jgr^ts of the said Town prest him tp return the Petitioner and Mr. Hayes; protesting against the said pretended Return, and refusing to consent to the setting the Common Seal thereto: But the said Martin did himself affi* the Common Seal to the said Return, in Violation and Wrong to the Rights of the said Town, and the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said, Election be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon this Day Fortnight.

A Petition of Frederick Tilney Esquire was presented Winton to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, stood a Candidate at the last Election for the City of Winston; and had a Majority of such Voters as had a Right to poll: Yet, by intliic.itial and indirect Practices, by Menaces and Threats, and the Appearance of Three Dukes in Court, who did vote against the Petitioner, though he caused the Vote of this House, of the 14th of December 1669, to be read in Court; the Lord William Pozvlett, and George Rodny Bridges Esquire, were returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the speedy Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph Baronet was pre- Litchfield sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Election. Petitioner was desired, by several Citizens of Litchfield, to represent them in this present Parliament; and he stood a Candidate accordingly: But by Bribery, and divers other illegal Practices, William Walmsley Esquire hath procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And.....the Consideration of the House

in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And . they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of Sir Charles Duncombe was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Doumton, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner had justly the Majority of good Votes; but, by the Artifice of John Eyre Esquire, many Votes w'ere multiplied, and allowed by the Officer, who was to make the Return, which ought not to vote; and many were rejected who had a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioner: And, by the Injustice of the said Officer, such Notice was not given as the Law requires for Elections; nor did he indorse the Precept on the Day he received it, as he ought; nor is Mr. Eyres returned by the legal Officer, who refused to return the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Ejections: Vol. 13.

Veneris, 14° die Februarii;

13° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AP E TITIO N of the Mayor, Recorder, major Part Fowey of the Aldermen, mid also the major Part of the Election. Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, within the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cormall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Jonathan Tincomb, Portreeve of the said Borough, at former Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, hath publickly affirmed,

That the Right of Election was, as in Truth it is, in the Scotland I^ot Men, inhabiting within the said Town, and paying to the Relief of the Poor; But, at the last Election, the said Jonathan did admit to poll several Persons for 4 P John

t

g3o . 140 Februarii. 1700.

John Williams, his Nephew, that were not Scotland Lot Men, but rather Objects of Charity; in Violation of the known Constitution of the said Borough, and the Petitioners Rights: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Honiton A Petition of William Courtney Esquire was presented

Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner w as duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Honiton, in the County of Devon; but by Treating, Bribery, Promises of Preferments, and several other undue Practices, used by Sir Whiter Yong, and his Agents, he the said Sir JValter is returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying. Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Nottingham A Petition of Robert Sachecercll Esquire was presented Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Town of Nottingham, Mr. Pier point, the Petitioner, Mr. Gregory, and Sir Scroop How, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned with Mr. Pier point; but many illegal Practices were done to defeat the Petitioner's Election, by Mr. Cook and Mr. Bilby, Sheriffs, Sam. JVatkhmn A lay or, and several others, in favour of 'Sir:Gregory, whom the Sheriffs have falsely returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Peterborough, A Petition of Francis St. John Esquire was presented Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sidney Worthy, alias Mount ague, Esquire, Gilbert Dolben . Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of Peterborough; and Mr. Mount ague did, by Bribes and Entertainments, alter the Teste of the Writ, procure a great Number of the Electors to vote for him; and yet the Petitioner, upon the Poll, had the Majority of legal Votes; but the Bailiff of the Borough refused to return the Petitioner, and unjustly returned Mr. Mount ague: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Apulby A Petition of Sir John Walter Baronet was presented

Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner . duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Apulby, in the County of Westmoreland, and ought to have been returned; but the Mayor of the said Borough hath returned W harton Dunch Esquire, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Tanfield Pachell Esquire was presented Reading to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Section. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, Sir Green Buckingham, the Petitioner, and Francis Knowles Esquire, stood Candidates; and the major Part of the legal Voters voted for the Petitioner; and he ought to have been returned with Sir Owen Buckingham: That, at and before the Election, many illegal Practices were used by Henry Dean, Town Clerk of Reading, and Under Sheriff of the County, and others, in procuring Votes for Mr. Knowles, and deterring others from voting for the Petitioner, by threatening them with Imprisonment, and other Punishment: And Mr. Knowles, and others, on his behalf, procured several Votes by Bribes, Menaces, and Promises of Reward; and polled Persons receiving Alms, who are not qualified to vote; and that the Mayor hath returned Mr. Knowles, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their "Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Osborn Esquire was presented Kingston to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec- upon Hull tion of Burgesses for the Town of Kingston upon HullElecti0II‘ the Petitioner stood a Candidate, with Sir William St.

Quintin, and Mr. William Maisters; who, by Bribes, Entertainments, and other indirect Means, procured Votes for themselves, and to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Manley Esquire was presented to Bossiny the House, and read; setting forth. That the Peti- Election, tioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Bossiny, in the County of Cornwall; but John Trcgaglc Esquire set up one Nathan Williams as Mayor, in Opposition to Mr. William Taylor, the lawful and sworn Mayor, and possessed of the Borough's Common Seal and Mace; and procured the Sheriff 's Precept to be delivered to Williams; who proceeded to Election thereupon, though not the proper Officer; and Mr. Tregaglc, by Entertainments, Bribes, and other undue Means, gained the said Williams, and others, to vote for him; and Williams, who refused many good Votes for the Petitioner, hath unjustly returned Mr. Tregaglc, in Wrong to the said Borough, and the Petitioner: And that, by the like ill Practices, Mr. Tregagle procured himself to be chosen the last Parliament, by Bribery out of his Majesty's Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, whereof he is Receiver; as the Petitioner hath discovered since the Rising of the last Session, and hopes to prove, if the House will hear the same: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Freemen of the Borough of Sud- Sudbury bury, in the County of Suffolk, on behalf of themselves, and Elecnou. rhany others, Freemen of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Mayor refused to poll great Numbers of legal Voters, when they offered to poll for John Little Esquire; but the same Votes were allowed good, when they

13 W. III.

I40 Februafii.

331

they offered to poll for'Sir Jawois Elxves, and Sir John Cordell; and many wefe admitted that had no Right to vote; by which means the Borough had not Liberty to choose Mr. Little, according to their Inclination: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, Thai the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the »House.

\\e A Petition of Thomas Stanuir Esquire was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That Philip Howard, James Lera)ther, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle; and Mr. Lowther, by his Agents, by several corrupt and illegal Practices, procured a great Number of Voices, as well good as bad, which were all polled for him; and by Threats, and other undue Means, deterred many from voting for the Petitioner; by 'which Means, and the Partiality of the Lieutenant Governor, and Deputy Mayor of the said City, Mr. Lowther got himself returned; although the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned: And praying the speedy Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

listftnn

IfetU.

A Petition of James Worsley and Tho. Foullerton Esquires was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly chosen Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Limington, by a Majority of qualified Electors; but the Mayor hath returned Thomas Dore and Paul Burrard Esquires, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

mrfon A Petition of Richard Hele and George Parker Esquires

iction. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners, with Courtney Cracker and Martin Rider Esquires, stood Candidates for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plimpton, in the County of Devon: Where Mr. Aldwin the present Mayor, and Air. Far fescue the late Mayor, and other Agents for Mr. Cracker and Mr. Ryder, treated several of the Electors at Publick-houses, and distributed several Sums of Money for riieir Votes; who accordingly did vote for Air. Crocker and Mr. Rider; and the said present Mayor rejected several good Electors, who offered to vote for the Petitioners; and used many other indirect Practices; whereby Mr. Crocker and Mr. Rider procured themselves to Te returned, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

r^mm A Petition of Charles For Esquire was presented to *ll0D- the House, and read; setting forth. That, at an Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Surum, the Petitioner, Robert Eyres, and Sir 7//a Mompesson, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of Sir Thomas by One; but Geo. Fou ler, Vo l. 13.

Mayor of the said City, contrary to all Justice, did first vote for Sir Thomas Mompesson, which made the Numbers between him and the Petitioner even; and afterwards, pretending another Vote, declared Sir Thomas duly elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Pitt Esquire was presented to the St. Ives House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Election* Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, James Praed,

Benja. Overton, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; the Right of Election being in the Inhabitants not receiving Alms; and above Two Hundred of such as had a Right to vote, demanded to be polled for Mr. Praed and the Petitioner; but John Hawkins, Mayor of the said Borough, refused to poll them; declaring that the Right of Election was, by the late King James s Charter, vested in him, as Mayor, and in the Capital Burgesses and Assistants only, who are not above Sixteen; and thereupon hath returned the said Mr. Overton, in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and in Wrong to the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes with Mr. Praed, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the said Borough Ditto* of St. Ives, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Inhabitants within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, time out of mind, the said Borough hath constantly sent Members to serve in Parliament, who were chosen by such of the Inhabitants, as did not receive Alms; and, at the last Election, the Petitioners, and divers others duly qualified, demanded to poll for John Pitt Esquire; but the Mayor refused to let them; and declared, That, by virtue of the late King James's Charter, the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Capital Burgesses and Assistants only; and that he would suffer none else to poll: And thereupon he hath illegally returned James Praed and Benjamin Overtop Esquires, in great Violation to the Petitioner's Rights:

And praying the Reliet of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Christopher Knight Esquire was pre- Arundell seated to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at Election, the late Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Arundell, in Sussex, the Petitioner,

John Cook, and Edmund Dimmer, Esquires, stood Candidates; and Mr. Cook was duly chosen; and so had the Petitioner, but the said Mr. Dummer, by Bribery, and other indirect-Practices, got himself to be chosen, and returned, the other Sitting Member: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition

Newark upon Trent Election.

Caine

Election.

Sandwich

Election.

Ditto.

53a 14 F&marikA. 1700.

A Petition of Jtme$ SandersoniRsi\{mev?e£ presented to the House, and read'; setting forth, That the Petitioner st»od; a Candidate with Sir George Markham, to serve as a* Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark upon Treat, in the County of Nottingham: At? which Election divers Persons were allowed to vote for S<r George, who Were not qualified; and many who were qualified; were refused to vote for the Petitioner; and several' undue Practices were made use of by Mr. Bernard! Wilson, to get Votes for Sir Geo. Markham, and to discourage others from voting for the Petitioner: And the1 Mayor of the said Borough hath returned Sir Geo. Markham, so the* Petitioner's Injury, who was legally chosen: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred1 to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Baynton Esquirewas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and ought to have been returned; but Walter Long Esquire hath, by several undue Practices, procured himself to be returned, to the Petitioner s great Wrong: .....the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Mitchell Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Henry Furnesse, John Taylor Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Port of Sandwich: That Sir Henry Furnesse, being one of the present Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and concerned in managing several Aids granted to his Majesty by Parliament, is incapable of serving in Parliament: That several unqualified Persons were admitted to vote for Sir Henry and Mr. Taylor, and others were gained by Bribery, and many other undue Practices; by Means whereof, they are returned as duly chosen, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And the House taking Notice, upon the said Petition, relating to the Election for the Port of Sandwich, That Sir Henry Furnesse, a Member of this House, is concerned in managing several Aids and Duties granted to his Majesty; thereupon a Clause, in the Act made in the 5 th and 6th Years of the Reign of his Majesty and the late Queen Mary, for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and Other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, was read; whereby no Member is to be concerned in farming, collecting, or managing, any Monies, Duties, or Aids, granted to their Majesties, except as therein is mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration what Members are concerned in the said Clause.

A Message from die Lords, by Mr. Justice Turton and Mr. Justice Bluicoe:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lordfe have agreed on an Address to be presented The Lords to his Majesty: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker reported; That his Majesty had been The King's pleased, upon Tuesday last, to make a most gracious sPeecJ^ Speech to both Houses of Parliament; and* that, to rei, ort 1 prevent Mistakes, he had desired and obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House, and is as followed!; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

OUR great Misfortune, in the Loss of the Duke of Gloucester, hath made it absolutely necessary, that there should be a further Provision, for the Succession to the Crown in the Protestant Line, after me and the Princess.

The Happiness of the Nation, and the Security of our Religion, which is oar chiefest Concern, seems so much to depend upon this, that I cannot doubt but it will meet with a general Concurrence; and I earnestly recommend it to your early and effectual Consideration.

The Death of the late King of Spain, with the Declaration of his Successor to that Monarchy, has made so great an Alteration in the Affairs abroad, that I must desire you, very maturely, to consider their present State;.

And I make.no doubt, but your Resolutions thereupon will be such, as shall be most conducing to the Interest and Safety of England, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion in general, and the Peace of all Europe.

These things are of such Weight, that I have thought them most proper for the Consideration of a new Parliament, to have the more immediate Sense of ' the Kingdom in so great a Conjuncture.

I must desire of you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, such Supplies, as you shall judge necessary, for the Service of the current Year: And I must particularly put you in mind of the Deficiencies, and publick Debts, occasioned by the late War, that are yet unprovided for.

I am obliged further to recommend to you, That you would inspect the Condition of the Fleet; and consider what Repairs or Augmentations may be requisite for the Navy; which is the great Bulwark of the English Nation, and ought, in this Conjuncture most especially, to be put in a good Condition; And that you would also consider, what is proper for the better Security of those Places where the Ships are laid up in Winter.

The Regulation and Improvement of our Trade is of so publick Concern, that I hope it will ever have your serious Thoughts; and if you can find proper Means of setting the Poor at Work, you will ease yourselves of a very great Burden, and, at the same Time, add so many useful Hands to be employed in our Manufactures, and other publick Occasions.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I hope there will be such an Agreement and Vigour, in the Resolutions you shall take upon the important Mattel's now before you, as may make it appear we are firmly united among ourselves; and, in my Opinion, nothing can contribute more to our Safety at Home, or to our being considerable Abroad.

Resolved, Nemine contradiccntc. That this House will, Kinj Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, take into Con- Spee sideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both 0005 Houses of Parliament.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Re$< posed, That this House will stand by and support his *«of Majesty, and his (jfovernment; and take such effectual Kl0i Measures as may best conduce to the Interest and Safety of England, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Peace of Europe;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, to leave out " and the Peace of Europe

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The

13 W. III. 140 — 150 . 333

The Yeas go forth.

T*a*.Y^£g£»* }lS.

Tellers for the Noes,|^} 163'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will stand by and support his Majesty, and his Government; and take such effectual Measures, as may best conduce to the Interest and Safety of England, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Peace of Europe.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be presented to his Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended l^j this House.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 15* die Februarii;

13° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

fcwealston OIR Rowland Gwynn, being chosen Knight of the O Shire for the County of Brecon', and also a Burgess for the Borough of Beerealston, in the County of Devon; made his Election to serve for the County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Beerealston, in the room of the said Sir Rowland Gwynn.

Jtts of Ordei'ed, That the Table of Fees of the Officers of

Officers of the House be laid before the House, the House.

Usual Orders. Ordered, That the Back-doors of the Speaker's Chambers be locked up every Day, at the Sitting of the House, and the Keys brought and laid upon the Table, till the Rising of the House.

Ordered, That the Votes of the House be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do peruse the same, and appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other do presume to print the same, but such as he shall appoint.

Ordered, That no private Bill be brought into this House, but upon a Petition, setting forth the Suggestions and Reasons for the same.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee, upon the Report of every private Bill, do acquaint the House, whether the Allegations of the Bill have been examined; and the Parties concerned have given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee for any private Bill do not sit thereupon, without a Weeks publick Notice thereof set up in the Lobby.

Ordered, That there be Three Days between the several Readings of all private Bills.

On/era/and Declared, That the said Orders be Standing Orders of the House.

King ap- Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his points to be Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by funded. jjouse> Upon Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, at Kensington.

Answer to The Message from the Lords Yesterday, of the Ad-Address. dress, being read; the same is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 13.

WE the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, return our most humble Thanks and Acknowledgments to your Majesty, for your Concern expressed for the Protestant Religion, in your gracious Speech; and your Care for its future Preservation, by recommending to our Consideration a further Provision for the Succession to the Crown in the Protestant Line.

We are highly sensible of the Weight of those Things your Majesty is pleased further to recommend to our Consideration; and therefore humbly desire you will be pleased to order all the Treaties that have been made between your Majesty, and any other Prince or State, since the late War, to be laid before us; that we may be enabled to give our mature Advice, when we are informed of all those Matters necessary to direct our Judgment.

And we further humbly desire of your Sacred Majesty, that you will enter into Alliances with all those Princes and States, u-bo are willing to unite for the Preservation of the Balance of Europe; assuring your Majesty, that we shall most readily concur in all such Methods, which may effectually conduce to the Honour and Safety of England, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Peace of Europe.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject-matter of the said Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Treaties with Majesty, That he w ill be pleased to order all the Treaties, Foreign that have been made between his Majesty, and any other States-Prince or State, since the late War, to be laid before this.

House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commission constituting Trustees Trustees for for circulating Exchequer Bills be laid before this House circulating upon Monday Morning next. B?ifeheqU*r

A Petition of John Pedley Esquire was presented to Huntingdon the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election Election, of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, the Petitioner, Francis Wort ley, and Cha. Boyle, Esquires, stood Candidates; at which Election, a Peer of this Realm, with the Assistance of others, with Sw ords and Clubs, did menace, assault, and strike the Recorder of the said Borough, and others of the Petitioners Voters; some being wounded, others durst not appear, and some were carried under a strong Guard to give their Votes for Mr. Boyle; but were not permitted to give their Second Votes, which they would have done, for the Petitioner; and were carried back by the same Guard, and locked up, so that the Petitioner, nor his Friends, could speak with them; by which undue Practices, contrary to the Liberties of the Subject, the [Majority fell on Mr. Boyle, which otherwise would have been for the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 13th Day of March next.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That for any Peer of peers not this Kingdom, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, interfere into concern themselves in the Elections of Members to Elections, serve for the Commons in Parliament, is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into The King's Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Speech Houses of Parliament. considered,

And the same was again read:

4 Q Add

Supply.

Charge of IlnUry against Mr. Shepherd, a AJ ember.

Wilton

Election*.

Ditto.

Winchelsea

Election.

334 '7

And a Motion being made, fora Supply to be granted to his Majesty;

RookedXemitie con tradicent c, That this House will, upon lutsday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve iteelf into a Committee of the w hole Jiouse, to consider of that Motion.

The Charge against Mr. Shepherd, which was ordered to be delivered to him, and was delivered accordingly, is as follow eth; viz.

That Mr. Shepherd, by himself and his Agents, hath endeavoured to corrupt the Electors for the Boroughs of Acteport, in the Isle of Bight; Andover, in the County of Southampton; Wootton Bassett, and Malmsbury, in the County of Blits; and Ilcestei', in the County of Somerset t\ by giving of great Sums of Money to obtain their Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luncej IT die Februarii;

130 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of Sir Henry Ashurst Baronet was presented to the House, and read; settingforth, That the Petitioner w as duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Blits; but Mr. Phipps, by gross Bribery, and promising larger Sums from a considerable trading Corporation in London, w hose Agent he said he was, prevailed on the Majority of the said Borough to vote for, and declare him chosen, whom they have returned with Mr. Gauntlet, in Wrong to the Borough, and the Petitioner: Ami praying die Consideration of the House in the Premises.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Antony Burnaby Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner had been chosen with Mr. Gauntlet, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for Wilton; but that Mr. Phipps, by Bribes, Promises, and other indirect Means, drew away several of the Electors, that would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Hayes Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Robert Austen Esquire, were duly chosen to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Blnchelsea; but one Edward Martin, a Custom-house Officer, taking upon him illegally to act as Mayor, hath returned Tho. Newport Esquire, a Commissioner of the Customs, and Robert Bristow Esquire, as duly elected; although the Jurats protested against that Return, and refused setting their Common Seal to it, and pressed him to return the Petitioner and Mr. Austen: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Februarii. A. 1700.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 27th Instant

A Petition of Thomas Cotton Esquire was presented to Denbigh the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Election, Edward Brereton Esquire, stood Candidates to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh; where the two present Aldermen and Bailiffs w ere last Year in that Station, and by sinister Practices were continued so, to serve Mr. Brereton in the Election this Year, contrary to the express Words of their Charter, and the continued Custom of the said Borough: That the said Bailiffs arbitrarily refused several Persons to their Freedom, that had an undoubted Right to it, and demanded it in open Court, at the Election, and to poll for the Petitioner; who haid a considerable Majority that polled for him, and was duly elected; yet the said Bailiffs have unduly returned Mr. Brereton: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and RLelief against the partial Proceedings of the said Bailiffs therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

1

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Leominster Leombistei', in the County of Hereford, was presented to the Election. House, and read; setting forth, That, at and before the late Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, the Bailiff and Justices of Peace there used many indirect Practices, and exercised their Power to force Men to vote for John Dutton Colt Esquire, and to hinder them from voting for Edward Harley Esquire; and admitted divers to poll for Mr. Colt that received Alms; and many other undue Practices were made use of; in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and the Freedom of Elections to Parliament: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, that the Borough may be relieved from the said Oppression.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. I

A Petition of Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet was presented Bishop* to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Elec- Castle tion of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament, the Peti- Electi0IU tioner, George Walcott Esquire, and Sir William Brozcn-low, stood Candidates for the Borough of Bishops-Castle, in the County of Salop; where Mr. Walcott and Sir IVII-liam Brorwnlow, by themselves or Agents, by Treats, Rewards, Menaces, and other corrupt Practices, gained several Votes that were in the Petitioners Interest; and Mr. Walcott thereby has got himself returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Morley Esquire was presented Hind to the House, and read; settingforth, That, at the Elec- Election, tion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, Sir James How Baronet, Reynolds Calthrop, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; where Mr. Calthrop, by several indirect Means, procured several Persons to be polled for him, that had no Right in the Election; and thereby, and by the arbitrary Proceedings of Cantelo Hews, the Bailiff of the Borough, who refused a Scrutiny

of

13 W. III. 170 Februarii. 335

of the Poll, Mr. Calthrop was declared chosen, though the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

1 Mawes A Petition of Sir James Bateman Knight, and Nicolas lection. Carew Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly chosen Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, by the Freeholders, and Inhabitants, being Housekeepers a Year and a Day of the said Borough, whose Right it was always to elect; but the Portreeve hath returned Sir Joseph Tre-denham, and John Tredenham Esquire, as chosen for the said Borough: And praying Redress in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Upeob&m A Petition of Edward Mount ague Esquire was pre-KtioD- sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Lord Mordant, Walter White Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chipenham, in the County of Wilts; and though the Lord Mordant was under the Age of 2t Years, and therefore incapable of being elected, yet the Bailiff of the said Borough hath returned him, to the Petitioners Prejudice, who was duly chosen: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition, touching the Nonage of the Lord Mordant, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Monday the 24th Day of March next

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, as to the Merits of Election, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

everpoolc A Petition of Sir Clevc Moor Baronet, was presented to *ecliQD* the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leverpoole, William Clayton Esquire, Sir William Norris, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Richard Norris, Mayor of the said Borough, and Brother to the said Sir William, with others, did, in favour of him, use several indirect Practices, in Opposition to the Petitioner; by threatening the Ruin of many Freemen, if they voted for the Petitioner; by refusing several who would have voted for the Petitioner, and admitting others to vote for Sir William, who had no Right; by refusing the Petitioner s Friends to be Inspectors of the Poll, and denying a Copy thereof: That the said Mayor hath returned Sir William Norris, though he had not the Majority of legal Votes, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: Nor is Sir William capable of being chosen, as advised, he having been these Two Years in the East Indies, from whence he is not likely to return during this Parliament: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

JkkH A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Mit-

ckell, in the County of Cornwall\ was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Richard Vivian, Antony Roxv Esquire, Vo l. 13.

and others, stood Candidates: That the Right of Election is in the Lords of the said Borough, ancTthe Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, not above 14 in Number, 12 whereof voted for Sir Richard; yet John Greeby, who acted as Portreeve, who, for several Years past, hath made Interest for Mr. Roxvy by Bribery and other undue Practices, procured and took the Votes of several of the Inhabitants vwho did not pay Scotland Lot, and lately received Alms; and, by the Majority of such, hath returned Mr. Row as duly elected, contrary to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Twentieth of March next.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he intercepted was commanded by his Majesty to communicate to this Letter from House a Letter, which came very providentially to his p^of Hands, out of France, being a Letter from the Earl of Melfort to his Brother the Earl of Perth: And he delivered a Copy in at the Table, and the Original to Mr.

Speaker: And the said Copy was read, and is as followed; viz.

My dearest Brother, Friday, 18 Feb. 1700.

Since I promised to put in Writing what we had not Time to talk, fully of, I am set down to it in the Morning, that my Letter may be ready for the Messenger, if any call.

I told you all that I had heard at Versailles, and the favourable Audience I had of Madame de Maintenon; for which I beg it of you to return my most humble Thanks to the Queen, and beg of her to be so good as to thank Madame de Maintenon, and know from her what can be done in that Matter: It will be a great Charity in the Queen.

I told you, amongst other Things, the great Fleet the King intends to put out this Summer, the Orders being given, and the Money ready, the Stores full, and every one concerned active in their Stations: There is no Doubt but this Fleet will be Master of the Sea for some Time, if not for all the Summer; because the Dutch dare not stir till the English be ready; and they have long Debates yet before they can be in a Condition to act, if they have the Will; and it is a Question if they will have it at all.

The King never had so favourable a Conjuncture, if he can persuade this King, that his Affairs are really in the Circumstances they are in: But there is the Difficulty.

The King and Queen have more Authority with the King and Madame de Maintenon, than any other in the World can have: But that is not all: There should be some one acceptable to the Ministers, who should lay before them these Proofs their Majesties cannot enter into the Detail of, and explain the Reasons, make Plans and Memoirs by their Majesties Approbation, to convince them of the Necessity, and to shew the Easiness of restoring the King, the Glory it brings to their King, and the Advantage to Religion.

How this will be done, their Majesties are wise enough to consider; and I think it is not a Subjqct fit for me to enter upon: But their Friends in general, who know not the Half of what I know in this Matter, think that it will not be wfell done by a Protestant Minister, lazy in his Temper, Enemy to France by his Inclination, tainted with Commonwealth Principles, and against the King's returning by any other Power than that of the People of England^ upon Capitulation and Terms; who is suspected of giving Aim to the Compounders, if not worse.

That Mr. Caryl is qualified, no man doubts; but, in Society with the other, those w ho must be instrumental, will not trust him as he ought; so that, so long as the other is within Distance of penetrating the Affairs, they will never think themselves secure.

And yet the King has no such Game to play as by these very Persons who are thus diffident; namely, the true Church of England Party, the Catholicks, and the Earl of Arran: And I shall say something as to every one of

Intercepted Letter trom Earl of Lerih.

33 6 17° Februa A. 1700,

of them. The King cannot but be sensible, that the true Church of England Party, and their Principal Head, now, the Bishop of Norwich, has been silent of a long Time; and their Majesties may remember what Weight the Court of France laid upon their joining the King (I mean the non-swearing Clergy) in case of a Landing.

Therefore all Arts should be tried without JDelav, to get them to enter into Correspondence again; and every Impediment ought to be removed; I say, without Exception: And though sometimes it is of hard Digestion for Sovereigns, who ought to be obeyed without Reserve, to yield to the Humours of Subjects; yet Prudence should teach them, when they cannot, without hurting their A flairs, do what they would, to do what they can; and remember the Fable of the Dog, w ho lost the Substance for the Shadow.

Assurances from the Non-swearers, the soundest and venerablest Part of the English Church, would be of great L'se at this Time, to persuade France to undertake this great Affair: For, besides their own Example at a Landing, and their Preaching and Writing to the People, that their Religion was in no Danger; 'tis most certain, they know better than any others can,- what the Church of England in general would do for the Kings Service; and they being to run all the Hazard, would be better believed at the Court of Franceth&n any other, as I found by Experience.

As to the Catholicks, and others associate with them, unfortunately for the King, they were thought to have too much Inclination for me; and so have R en reckoned as useless to the King: But I must beg Leave to say, That Undertaking was the best Feather in his Wing, and was most thought so by him, and by the Court of France too, even to that Degree, that they pretended, if this and the other Article concerning the Clergy, could be made appear, they would concur with the King to invade England- They consisted of Seven Regiments of Horse and Dragoons; their Arms, Trumpets, Kettle Drums, Standards, See. were all ready, and are yet in Security; their Men were all listed, and their Officers chosen, and they had Twenty Horses to a Troop; which Troops lying at a Distance in a Horse Country, Twenty Horses would soon have mounted the rest.

Those who could not divine the Greatness, and the Use, of the Undertaking, blamed the Rashness of it; and even some Churchmen have not been disapproved for endeavouring undutifully, because contrary to the King's written Orders, to break the Design: But I desire you* now, for all this, to believe that you have not such another Argument to use to the Court of France as this: And if you could make it appear, as it might have been done some Years ago, I should have very good Hopes of this Summer's Work: Nay, let the King have what other Hopes, or even Promises, you please, from the Court of France, this is to be encouraged; and, if possible,1 to be put in the Circumstances it was in; for, if ever there be a Landing, in England to Purpose, it must be before they can be armed; and they cannot be armed before the Parliament come to a Resolution concerning the War; and considering the few Troops in England, suppose these Men to be no better than Militia, what a Diversion would it be!

It is not necessary forme to say any more of this Article, till I know whether their Majesties have as good an Opinion of this Undertaking as I have. If so, I shall shew what I think to- be done in it: If otherwise, I shall save the Pains.

As to the Earl of Arran, it would be of great Use to have an Understanding with him: He will have none

where-..... can pry; his All is at Stake; and he ought

to be wary with whom he ventures to deal.

I think it better for the King's Service, that the Court Party prevailed in the Manner they have done in the Parliament of Scotland, than that the Country Party should have got their Will: Opposition swells the Waters, to a Flood; and so long as the Country Party is not discouraged, they gain more Ground in the Kingdom than they

lose in Government; so that the Disaffection, to the Government will increase; and one may judge of the Nation in general, which is of another Temper than this pretended Parliament, or rather Presbyterian Rabble, ill representing the Nation; for since, even in it, there is such a Struggle against the Government, w hat would there be in a free Parliament, which the P* ... . of 0. ,. durst never hazard to call?

The Natioia then, at least a great Part of it, being disaffected to this Government, it is of the last Consequence, that E. Arran may know what to do in case of an Invasion of England; or in case he and his Friends be obliged, for Self-preservation, to rise for their own De-, fence.

The Army, who are, and ever were, well affected, are to be gained by Money; and a little goes a great Way with them.

The disbanded Troops would be engaged, and the Officers are well inclined.

The Places of Strength would be secured, and such as. can be put in Defence, without Expences, fortified,

To do all this, at least such a Part of them as can be begun with, a small Sum will serve; and he ought to have I lopes of it, and of the Command.

These being only Heads to be discoursed of, and much to be said x>f every Part, it is not thought, that this Letter can carry a final Conclusion; for it may be, upon Discourse, I might change my Mind, or be more eon-, firmed in, and see further.

This makes me insist again to you upon Two Things, as appearing to me absolutely necessary, to put Things upon a right Foot.

The First is the Removing of all Impediments out of the Wav, and sending all suspected Persons to Champagne or Burgundy, according to their Goust.

And the Second is of the last Use, both to their. Majesties and the Prince: Which is the establishing of such a Number, under no Qualification to talk of their Affairs in their Majesties Presence, with whom wfe can, freely converse and propose what may be for their Majesties Service.

As for the first; it w ill be for the King's Reputation, both at the Court of Rome, France, and with all his true Friends in England, for many Reasons.

As for the Second; it is according to Scripture, il la the Multitude of Counsellors th$re is Safety."

Nothing is so dangerous as first to determine what one will do, and then hear Reasons against it; and imitate the deaf Adder, who hearkens not to the Voice of the Charmer, let him charm never so sweetly: Reasons against a Resolution taken, offend; and the more Force they have, they offend the more; whilst, before the Resolution be taken, Reason has its effect, and the Determinations are not the Effects of Humour and Faction, but of Prudence and Justice.

If in any thing I fail, I will sw ear 'tis Want of Under-? standing, and not of Will; and I beg, that their Majesties may be persuaded, that it is not Humour nor Vanity, but their Service, I have in my View: Who am, my dearest Brother,

Most humbly yours.

There are no Letters from England, I expect, and atm promised.

I forgot to tell you, that the Conjuncture ought to be improved, so long as the Court of France have the-ill Opinion of the Prince of Orange s Treachery, discovered lately, in their Hands.

Superscription.

For the Right Honourable the Earl of Perth, Governor to the Prince,

These.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for* executing the state Office of Lord High Admiral of England do lay before Fleet, this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the present State and Condition of the Fleet, and the Victualling thereof; and particularly what Ships are lit to put to*

Sea,

13 W. III. if — 18°

Februarii. 337

which they had directed to be presented to his Majesty > and to deliver back to the Lords their said, Address.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, and had delivered back their Lordships Address.

Sea, and in what Time tfiey may be got ready, and in what Repair.

; jfovy Debt. Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the

I ‘ ‘ Office of Lord High Admiral of England do, with all; convenient Speed, lay before this House the Debt of the

Navy upon the respective Heads of Wages, Victualling, Wear and Tear.

chequer Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the ! Bills* House, a Copy of the Lords of the Treasury's Authority to the Trustees for circulating Exchequer Bills: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Whereas we the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, out of the Eighteen Persons elected by the Majority of Votes, at a general Meeting of the Subscribers, Contractors for the advancing Money for circulating the Exchequer Bills, not exceeding 1,500,000l. pursuant to an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good the Deficiency of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising the Publick Credit, have chosen you, Bartholomezv Burton Esquire, Sir William Ashurst, James Bateman Esquire, John Knight Esquire, Sir Henry Furnesse, and Sir Joseph Hern, Trustees on the Part of the King; and you, Mr. Francis Eylcs, Sir Theodore Janssen, Mordecai Abbot Esquire, Mr. Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. William Sedgwick, and George Doddington Esquire, being elected by the Majority of Votes, Trustees on the Part of the Contractors:

We do hereby desire you to take the said Trust and Charge upon you; and, in order to the carrying on this Service, we direct you to choose a Book-keeper with an Assistant, a Cashier with Two or more Assistants, with such other Officers, and at such Salaries or Wages, as you shall think necessary, which shall be paid and defrayed by his Majesty.

We do also desire, that you do meet once every Week, at the least, and not less than Seven to be a Quorum, by whose Directions and Orders this whole Service is to be managed; and that Two of you do constantly attend every Day at the Place w here your Money is to be deposited, to execute such Orders as shall be given by the said Quorum, or the major Part of them; One of the said Two Persons attending each Day to be of those appointed on the behalf of his Majesty, and the other of those elected on behalf of the Contractors.

And we having, for the greater Ease and Convenience of the Contractors, directed that the First Fourth Payment should be paid into the Chamber of London, we do order you to remove the same to such Place in the Exchequer as we shall appoint for that Purpose.

And if, in the Management of this Trust, you do meet with any Difficulty, we direct you to apply to us, as there shall be Occasion. Dated at the Treasury Chambers in Whitehall, 7th Day of Mav 1697.

Cha. Mountague,

A true Copy: Examined per Ste. For,

Wm. Lowndes. Tho. Littleton,

Tho. Pelham.

Conference Mr. Boyle reported, That he having, according to wiiL Lords. Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message to this House upon Friday last, the Lords do agree to a Conference accordingly, in the Painted Chamber, presently.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle, Sir John Bolles, Sir Rich-Onslow, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Cha. Hothanu Mr. Walsh, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Pelham, Sir Rich. Temple> Lord Ranelagh, Lord Hartington, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho-Meeres, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Rosse, Mr Finch, do manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Managers, That they acquaint the Lords at the said Conference, That this House, before they were possessed of their Lordships Address, had come to a Resolution of their own; Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the Consideration of what Members are Persons dis-concerned in the Clause of the Act, made in the Fifth, abled from and Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty and the late Members Queen Mary, disabling Persons to be Members of Parliament, be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next,

Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercturii, 18° die Februarii;

13* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of James Bulteele Esquire was pre- Tavistock sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Election, the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, by the Majority of legal Electors, who made and tendered to William Spry the Portreeve an Indenture for returning of the Petitioner; but absolutely refused so to do; and hath returned Edward Lord Russell, on whose behalf many other illegal Practices were used, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying that the House will put the said Matter under Examination, and relieve the Petitioner therein.

A Petition of Michael IVickes Esquire was presented Malmsbury to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec- Election, tion of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner, Mr. Pauncefort, and Mr. Sam. Shepherd junior^ stood Candidates: That Mr. Shepherd w-as also a Candidate for Wootton Basset, at which Place great Sums of Money w ere proffered, and many indirect Means used to get Mr. Shepherd elected; but he, not succeeding the re, came to Malmsbury for that Purpose, though an absolute Stranger to both Boroughs; and, by corrupt Practices, procured himself returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That no Letters be delivered out by the Delivery of Postman attending this House, until the Rising of the Letters to House. Members.

A Petition of William Vaughan Gentleman, an Infant, Vaughan s by Walter Vaughan, of Trcbarryed, in the County of Marriage Brecon, Esquire, and Mary Vaughan his Guardian, and Artic es* next Friends, and Frances Vaughan an Infant, sole Daughter and Heir of John Vaughan, late of Hergest, in the County of Hereford, Esquire, by Silvanus Vtlughan Clerk,

Henry Vaughan Gentleman, John Lewis Esquire, and John Edwards Clerk, her next Friends and Guardians, was 4 R presented

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

33s l8° — *9°

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That # # *

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said'Petition: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Spreading Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider false News what Laws are in being against the spreading false News ninl Reports. ancj Reports; and what may be further necessary to be done for suppressing the same; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Hoxv, Sir Chr, Musgrove, Mr. Smith, Sir John Bolles, Lord Cutis, Sir Robert Da-vers, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. St, John, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rich, Cocks, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Stringer, Sir Rich, Onslow, Mr. Dolben, Lord Pozvlet, Mr. Moun-steven, Sir Fran. Masscnn, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Hamond, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Cha, Boyle, Sir Cha, Barrington, Mr. Carter, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Scobell; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the \House, That the Warden of the Fleet hath taken into Custody William Corbet, a Servant to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of the House;

Ordered, That it it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

King's Bench Ordered, , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Prisons.Ct regulating the Prisons of the Fleet, and Kings Bench:

And that Mr. Carter, Mr. Birch, and Sir Richard Cocks, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Answers to . Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Rc^luTion^ Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he ' would please to order all the Treaties that have been

made between his Majesty and any other Prince or State since the late War, to be laid before this House; his Majesty had been pleased to give Order, That they should be copied; and that then either the Originals or Copies, as the House pleased, should be laid before them.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That he, with the House, did attend his Majesty Yesterday, with their Resolution of the 14th Instant: And that his Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this Address, and your ready Concurrence to those great Ends therein mentioned, which I take to be extremely important to the Honour and Safety of England; and I assure you, I shall never propose any thing but what is for our common Advantage and Security.

Having this Occasion, I think it proper to acquaint you, That Yesterday I received a Memorial from the Envoy Extraordinary of the States General, a Translation whereof I leave with you: As to the First Part of it, I think it necessary to ask your Advice; and, as to the latter Part, I desire your Assistance.

States Cene- And that his Majesty had been pleased to put into his nil's Memo- Hand the said Memorial: Which he read to the House; rial# and is as follow'eth; viz.

The underwritten Envoy Extraordinary of the States General of die United Provinces has Order to represent to your Majesty, with great Respect, That their High and Mightinesses having considered, that their Delays in owning the Duke of Anjou for King of Spain were subject to sinister Interpretations, as if all their Aim had been to gain Time to put themselves into a Posture to make War, having thought themselves obliged to proceed to the acknowledging the Duke of Anjou without any Conditions, reserving to themselves to stipulate, in

Februani. 1703.

the Negotiation they are now entering upon, the necessary Conditions for securing the Peace of Europe; in such Negotiation the States are firmly resolved not to do any thing without the Concurrence of your Majesty, and the other Potentates concerned in the Preservation of the said Peace, as they have expressly declared to the Ambassador of France, The Underwritten has, in particular, the strictest Orders to give your Majesty the most positive Assurances that can be, that the States will not take any Step in this important Affair, but in Concert with your Majesty; praying, to that Purpose, that you will please to give your Minister at the Hague Instructions, and necessary Orders, to act jointly in this Negotiation; not to conclude any thing one without the other, and unless England and Holland shall equally find their Security; which, at the same time, tends to the Confirmation of the publick Quiet: But as it may so happen, that it shall not be possible to agree with France and Spain on reasonable Conditions; and so, the Negotiation being interrupted, the States should on a sudden be attacked by the numerous Forces that France has sent to their very Frontiers; they have ordered the Underwritten to represent to your Majesty the extreme Necessity they shall have, in so great a Danger, of the Assistance of England; and to desire your Majesty will be pleased to order the Succours, agreed on by the Treaty, to be in a Readiness; so that, if Occasion be, they may depend upon them. At London, February 170*1.

A dr, Van Borssele,

Tot' Gelder Malsen,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House w ill/ The King's upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve Answer^be itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider considwd. of his Majesty's gracious Answer.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Treaty Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his "ith Hol" Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will Iand' please to cause the Treaty between England and the States General, of the 3d of March 1677, and all the Renewals thereof since that time, to be laid before the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Motion made on Saturday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyci's took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Februarii;

13® Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Serge or Worsted-weavers, Woollen Ma-and other Woollen-w eavers, living in and near the nufactures. Town of Taunton, in the County of Somersctt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Thousand Persons are employed in the said Trade, the most laborious of whom can scarce get a Maintenance, by reason that many who never served their Time to it, intrude into their Trade, and sink the Wages usually given, upon a general received Notion there, that Serge-weaving is no Trade within the Statutes requiring Seven Years Apprenticeship; whereby the Poor of Taunton are

very

13 W. III.

very much increased: And praying the House to commiserate their low Condition, and relieve them therein, by such Means as the House shall think most meet.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures: And it is referred to Mr. Clark, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Fortescue, Sir John Kay, Mr. England, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Coriton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Molesworth, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Musgrove, Mr. Moanstcoen, Sir William Robinson, Mr. Graham, Mr. Boscawm, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Godfo/* /#?, Mr. Ztyof, Sir/o/w Phillips, Mr. Mr.jB/VtA, Mr. Henley, Sir Hump. Macbvorth, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Roberts, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Thompson, Sir Jo/r/i Cotton, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Dolben, Sir Barth. Shower; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall Devon, G loucester, Norfolk, Somerset, Wilts, Suffolk, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of, and report their Opinion, what more is necessary for the Regulation and Im-I provement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do consider what may be necessary for the Improvement of the Linen Manufacture.

to Writ. FfagA Fortescue Esquire, being elected a Burgess for the Borough of Tregoney; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Tregony.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown; to make out a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Truro, in the room of the said Mr. Fortescue.

bps to be y Ordered, That Lamps be set up every Night upon the Stairs to this House, and in the Passages, and other Use° thC convenient Places, for the better Accommodation of the Members, in their Attendance upon the Service of the House, and Committees.

)rderagain$t Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care wming. there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, or otherwise, thereabouts.

Ittendance Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this ffCom- House do give Orders to the Doorkeepers and Messen-Prmlwes £ers of House, constantly to attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and other Committees sitting in the House, and take care that no Person do croud or sit upon the Stairs, either below, or above, in the Gallery where the Members ought to sit; and that such Witnesses as shall be examined at the said Committee do attend in the Lobby, and be called in one by one, and severally examined; and then withdraw, for others to come in, and be examined; and that the Passage be kept clear for that Purpose.

Ordered and Declared, That the said Orders be standing Orders of the House.

list of the Sir George Rooke, according to Order, presented to the M Navy, House a List of all the Ships and Vessels of his Majesty's Royal Navy, with the Condition of such as are in Ordinary, according to the present Appearance thereof; and where those at Sea, and ordered to Sea, now are: And also, An Account of what Ships are in the Demmes, ordered to the Douncs, and what are ordered to be fitted out and manned, &c. And also,

A State of Provisions in Store at London, Portsmouth9 Plymouth, Dover, and Chatham: And also,

Vo l. 13.

339

An Estimate of this Debt of hlis Majesty's Navy, on the several Heads thereof.

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

The said List of all the Ships and Vessels of his Majesty's Royal Navy; with the Condition of such as are in Or- dinary, according to the present Appearance thereof; and where those at Sea, and ordered to Sea, now art.

K* 1 Wanting

2*= C2 1 Repairs.

n p °-§

cT ! Ol> O C

Names. , n P ? -» o' S' s 9 " I W i 8 i 3.» Eh 0 3 - r* n £ WhcTe at present, or to what Place ordered.

V> 0 n ?' i 3

sr

St. Andrew ✓ -

Britannia — 7-

London — — . v/

Queen — v/ —

Victory — v/ —

Royal William — ✓ —

Royal Sovereign 1 7 —

7 4 1 2 —

Association — 7 z

Albemarle — - . —

Barfleur — 7 —

Duke v/ —

Duchess — — v/ —

St. George — — 7 —

Royal Katharine — — v/ — —

St. Michael — ✓ — — —

Neptune — — v/ —

Ossery — — — >/ —

Sandwich — — — v/ —

Namure — v/ — — —

Triumph — v/ — —

Vanguard — — s/ —

14 5 3 6 —

Berwick v/ _ C Guardship at Sheer-) nesse.

Boyne — v" — —

Bredah v/ — — — — C Guardship at Ports-\ mouth.

Burford — v/ — — — C Ordered to the I Downs,

Captain — — — v/ —

Cornwall — v/ — —

Chichester — — — — C Ordered to the I Downs.

Cambridge — — — — ' n/

Cumberland — >/ — r , —

Content Prize — ✓ — —

Defyance v/ — — — — f Guardship at Ply-I mouth.

Devonshire — — y/ -

Dorsetshire — v/ — —

Eagle v/ — — — C Ordered to the \ Downs.

Edgar — — — — C Guardship at Ports-\ mouth.

Elizabeth — — — v/

Essex — — — C Guardship at Chat I ham.

Expedition v/ — — C Guardship at Chat-I ham, 1

Grafton ✓

Hampton-court — — —

Humber — — v/

Ipswich v/

Kent v/ -

Lancaster -

Lenox — v/

Monmouth

Norfolk —

N orthumberland — — v/

Newark v/

Nassau Royal Oak v/ 7 — — f Ordered to the \ Downs,

190 Fehruariu

List of the , Royal Navy.

List of the Royal Navy.

340

o° Februarii

A.

1700,

Wanting

th 3 I? c; Repairs.

3

d a CD f-' CL rt O 1*3 tr* Where at present, or to

Names. 3T £ 0 - go ? X S. S3 37 O 3 " n 2 what Place ordered.

<< ? cr tt n -1 n

Orford . — x/ — — —

Resolution — v/ — —

Restauration — — v/ — —

Rupert — — ✓ — —

Russell — x/ — — —

Ranelagh — x/ — — — ( Ordered to the I Downs.

Revenge v/ — — —

Sterling Castle ——

Suffolk — x/ — — —

Swiftsure — x/ — — — f Guardship at Ply-| mouth.

Shrewsbury v/ — — —

Somersett — x/ — — —

Torbay ' x/ — — —

Warspight — V — ✓ —

Yarmouth ——

46 11 22 5 4 4

Assistance v/ — — In the Hope.

Advice v/ — — — New England.

Anglesey — — — — East Indies.

Bristol - — — — v/

Bonadventure . — x/ - C Ordered to the Downs.

Burlington v/ — — —

Blackwell — v/ — — —

Canterbury — v/ — — —

Centurion — x/ — — —

Chatham — x/

Chester x/ --

Crown Colchester v/ x/ — — — C Sheerness, ordered to I the Downs.

Coventry — x/ — — —

Deptford — x/ — —

Dover — v/ —

Dragon — x/ — —

Dunkirk — x/

Dreadnought — x/

Dartmouth — x/

Exeter — v/

Falmouth v/ — — — Chatham.

Falkland — x/

r Greenwich — x/

Gloucester — x/

Guernsey — V —

Harwich v/ — — — East Indies.

Hampshire v/ — — — — . In the Downs.

Jersey — x/ — —

Kingston — x/

Kingsisher — v/

Lincoln v/ — Portsmouth.

Litchfield — x/

Medway — v/ — - -

Monk — — ✓ —

Mary — x/ —

Mountague — v/ —

Norwich — v/ - L

Newcastle — v/

Non such — x/

Oxford — — — x/

Portland v/ — — — — f Sheerness, or in the \ Downs.

Pembrook — x/ _____

Pendennis — x/ — — —

Plymouth v/ — — — — C Ordered to the I Downs.

Reserve ! v/

Rochester n 1 x/ — — Gone to Guinea.

Ruby V — — — — Portsmouth.

Rumuey x/ — — — — f Ordered to the I Downs.

Southampton x/ — — — — At Deptford,

Rate. Names. P CD O IB 1 Iu Condition to be j fitted for the Sea. I Under Repair. j c a. Great or rc- 1 > & building. 1 ng ri. r 2 y

4 Sunderland v" — —

Seveme — v/ —

Salisbury — >- —

Tiger ——

Tilbury v/ ——

Weymouth — x/ — — —

Woolwich — — v/ — —

Windsor — x/ — — —

Warwick — v/ — — —

Winchester x/ ——

Worcester x/ — — —

York — x/ — — —

62 20 35 4 1 2

5,k Adventure x/ —

Arrundell v/ ——

Betty — v/ — —

Bedford Gaily —; — — —

Bridgwater x/ — — — — '

Charles Gaily — x/ — — —

Dolphin — 1 v/ — —

Experiment — 1 — —

Fowey V — — —

Feversham v/ ——

Gosport x/ ——

Hastings x/ 1 1 — —

Kinsale — x/| 1 — —

Lyme x/ j 1 — —

Lynn x/ 1 1 1 — —

Laystoff V 1 — —

Lewis Prize — — — v/

Loo v/ —

Ludlow x/ ——

Mary Gaily — —

Mermaide — x/ — — —

Milford x/ — — ' —

Poole x/ ——

Roebuck x/ — —

Rye

Sheerness v/ —

SaudadoesPrize — x/ —

Shoreham v/ —

Sorlings — — x/ — —

Speedwell — — x/ —

Scarborough x/ —

Terrible x/ —

Winchelsea — x/ —

33 17 9 3 2 2

6,k Dunwich x/ z

Deal Castle x/ —

Essex Prize v/ — —

Flamborough x/

Lizard v/

Maidstone — v/ —

Margate x/ —

Newport x/ — —

Penzance x/ -

Peregrine Gall\s/ —

Quinborough x/ — —

Swan v/

Solebay x/ —

Seahorse x/

Seaford 7 — —

15 '3 1 0 1 0

Where at present, or to what Place ordered.

Portsmouth. Downs, Cadiz.

- Downs.

New England.

{On the Coa$t of Ireland.

At Jamaica. f Coming to the \ Dooms. Portsmouth.

East Indies.

{Sheerness, ordered to the Downs. Sheerness.

Downs.

Coast of Ireland. Barbadoes.

C On the Coast of Guinea. Downs.

{On a particular Service.

Isle of May.

Virginea.

Portsmouth.

Downs.

Leeward Islands. Downs.

f Deptford, ordered to £ the Downs.

East Indies.

Jamaica.

C Deptford, ordered to \ the Downs.

Ditto.

Deptford.

{1Sheerness, ordered to the Downs.

7 On the Coast of J Ireland.

Sheerness,

Names.

13 w. in.

19° Febru

341

'.Vantinr

r 5 c* C irs

~ 5

Names. O 3? -1 — (Z ft

:r. z n P ~ ft r

Fireships.

Firebrand — v/ — — —

Griffin — — — >/ —

Hunter — x/ — — —

Hawke — — — >/ —

Lightning — x/ - — —

Phenix — v/ — — —

Strombolo — x/ — — —

Vulture — v/ -- — —

Vulcan — — ~ v/ —

Vesuvius — x/ — — —

10 0 7 O 3 0

Bombs.

Bassilisk — v/ — — —

Blast — v' — — —

Carcass — v/ — — —

Commett — v/ — — —

Firedrake — v/ — — —

Furnace — v/ — — —

Granada — v/ — — —

Mortar — \/ — — —

Portsmouth 1 — v/ — — —

Salamander — — — — v/

Starr — — — — v/

Serpent — v/ — — —

Terror — \/ — — —

*3 0 11 0 0 2

Yachts.

Charlott x/ — — —

Cleveland n/ — — —

Fubbs v/ ——

Henrietta v/ ——

Isabella v/ ——

Isle of White v/ ——

Jemmy — v/ — — —

Catharine x/ — — — ' —

Mary x/ ——

Quinbrough v/ ——

Soesdyke x/ ——

Squirrel — a/ — — —

St. Lowe v/ — — —

Wm. and 7 /

Mary j V

11 3 0 0 0

Advice Boats.

Expresse v/ — —

Eagle X/ ——

Messenger v/ ——

Scout Boat v' — —

4 3 1 0 0 0

Brigantines.

Discovery — — x/

Dispatch x/ — —

Diligence — x/ —

Fly . — — v/

Post Boy — — x/

Spy x/ — — —

6 i 1 1 1 0 3

VOL. 13.

Where «t present, or to what Place ordered.

River Thames,

J River Thames, Jersey.

| River Thames. Deptford.

Coast of Ireland.

Plymouth.

Rivor Thames.

Guernsey* Deptford. Maryland.

Deptford,

Names.

Sloops.

St. Antonio

Bonetta

Hound

Merlin

Otter

Prohibition

Shark

Swallow

Swift

Wolf

10

Pink*

Paramour

Ketches,

Providence

Martin

Store Ships,

Canterbury Katherine SuffolkHagboat Greenfish

Hulks,

Asia Arms of RoW terdam Chatham St. David Exeter

French Ruby Josiah

Loyalty Prize Medw ay Prize Plymouth Success

Prize

12

Hoys;

Delight Forrester Lighter Marygold Non such Sophia Supply Sheernesse Water Boa Transporter Truelove Unity Horse Boat Unity (2) Unity (3)

4S

I11 Sea Pay. t?» - I? 0*9- = £ ft - 8*5 P c ft Under Repair. 1 Want Heps cr? c r. Hl z' c n " tt |, J j£ Lesser. 1

x/

x/ — — —

x/ ——

x/ — — —

— v/ — — —

x/ — — —

x/ ——

x/ ——

x/ — — —

x/ — — —

9 1 0 0 0

s/

— v/ — —

0 2 0 0 0

x/ _

- — — x/ —

x/ ——

v/ — — —

2 1 0 1 0

— " — mmrnm

— x/ — — —

— — — v/ —

v/ r - —

x/ ——

x/ ——

v/ — — —

x/ — — —

x/ - — —

x/ — — —

x/ — — —

\/ — —

w - — —

1 ——

10 1 1 0 1 0

x/

x/ — —

x/ —

x/ —

x/ —

x/ . —

x/ - —

V — —

v/ —

x/ — —

x/ — —

x/ — —

x/

Where ftt present, or to what Place ordered.

List of the Royal Navy«

Deptford.

I On the Coast of C Ireland.

On the Coast of Ireland,

Brist. Chanel. Ckatham.

Names

List of the Royal Navy.

34*

190 Februarii.

A. 1700.

Names*

Hoys.

Transport Lighter Endeavour 1st Smack, j Owners Goodwill Hoyj

16

Smacks. Royal Escape Flemish Long-7 boats j

Tow Boats Two

o' £ r-

ijf c

v/

16

v/

Wanling

Repair*

Abstract.

Rates. la Sea Pay. J11 Condition to be fitted for the Sea. Under Repairs. Want Repa s a — a. - c of Z a xP c I Leswr.

First - 7 — 4 1 2 —

Second - - - 14 5 3 6 —

Third - - - 47 12 22 5 4 4

Fourth - - - 62 20 35 4 1 2

Fifth - - - 33 17 9 3 2 2

Sixth - - - - 15 13 1 — 1

Fireships - - - - 10 — 7 — 3 —

Bombs - - - - 13 — 11 — — 2

Yachts - - - - M 11 3 — — —

Advice Boats - - 4 3 1 — — —

Brigantines - - - 6 1 1 1 — 3

Sloops - - - - 10 9 1 — —

Pink - - - 1 — — — — 1

Ketches - - - - 2 — 2 — —

Storeships - - - - 4 2 1 — — 1

Hulks - - - 12 11 — 1 —

Hoys - - - 16 — 16 — — —

Smacks - - - 2 — 1 — 1

Tow Boats - - - - 2 — 2 — — —

Total - - 247 88 133 17 21 15

Rates.

6 Essex Prize C Portland 7 Crown i Lyme 5 \ Lynn ( Feversham ( Queenborough g J Penzance 7 Newport ( Flambrough f Revenge Eagle J Burford 1 Nassau L Chichester I Plymouth 4 x Burlington { Romney f Shrewsbury

S Winchester Hampshire W orcester Salisbury rV Lowstoffe J £ Poole

In the Downds.

In the Downes.

Ordered to the Downes, and will be there in little time.

Are now procuring Men, and will proceed to the Downes as soon as manned; but that is uncertain.

3

j Defy a nee

v

Bredah L Edgar Ruby r Essex 3\ Grafton v Berwick Falmouth C Colchester

4 Oxford

( Pendennis C Adventure

5 < Charles Gaily I Lynn

6 Seaford

Fireships. Lightning Phenix Assistance Southampton f Gosport £ Scarborough 6 Seahorse

Eagle Advice Boat

These Ships are just now ordered to be manned; but cannot be so soon ready as the other.

These Ships are ordered to V be forthwith put into a Condition to receive Men.

1 These Ships are ordered to the Plantations; but may be detained, if the Service require it; and 'tis hoped they will soon be ready.

1

Abstract.

Rate

3

4

5

6

Fireships

N*

- 12

- 16

- 10

- 8 2

Memorandum, His Majesty's Ships, said by this List to be in a Condition to be fitted to Sea, may, it V hoped, be gradually made ready and the Whole dispatched, except manning, in TVvo Months or Ten Weeks time, if Money be timely appointed for carrying on the current Year.

It is also hoped, if Moriey shall be appointed for it, that Victuals may be provided for them in the same jime.

J. Bridgwater, Haver sham,

G. Hooke, D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill.

18 Feb. 170®, Admiralty Office. The said Account of what Ships are in the Downes; ordered to the Downes; and what are ordered to fitted out and manned, &c.

Rates

48 In all.

By Command of their J. Bridgwater, Haversham, Lordships, G. Rooke, D. Mitchell,

J. Burchett. Geo. Churchill.

The said States of Provisions in Store at London, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Dover, and Chatham.

How long it will suffice 10,000 Men.

16 Days. -5 Days.

- 32 Weeks.

- 38 Weeks.

- 25 Weeks.

6 Weeks.

1 Week, if Week.

Nature of Provisions

Biscuit -Beer -Beef -Pork -Peas -Oatmeal -Butter -Cheese -

Memorandum, That Bread and Beer is baked and brewed at the King's Bakehouses and Brewhouses, and by Bakers and Brewers in Contract, as there is occasion; and the Butter and Cheese is to be delivered by the Cheesemonger in Contract, as it is required of him.

The

13 W. III. 190 Feiruarti. 343

The Commissioners for Victualling are daily making Declaration; of which there is fio Notice taken in tU* further Provisions both here, and at the Out-ports, of above Account*

Beef, and Pork, and other Species, towards completing

the Declaration for 10,000 Men. By Command of their J. Bridgwater, Hawershcmi,

And there is also Provision made for Victuals for 300 Lordships, G. Hooke, D. Mitchell

Men, for 13 Months in Ireland, being Part of the J. Burchett* Geo. Churchill.

287,4*1 1 a 150,629 17 10

The said Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the several Heads thereof.

£. $ d*

Due on Bills in the Second Book; namely, Pursers Balance Bilk, and for extraordinary') ,

necessary Money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons, Freegift, &c. occurred before this Reign -3 *

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Extraordinary Repairs.

Due to pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered in Course of the Ordinary and Extraordinary' of his Majesty's Navy, and all other Debts arising for Stores delivered, for which Bills were not made out with the Debt of the Out Ports - -

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof

Seamens Wages:

Due to Ships paid off, since the 13th February 1688, in the Order of Time as they were paid,') g 2

calculated from the Ships Books, by casting each Rian's Wages remaining unpaid thereon -3

To Ships in Sea Pay - - - 270,910 o o

To pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered in Course, for the Pay of Flag Officers, Pilotage,*) 1g ggg g &c. on the Head of Seamens Wages - - - -3 > w

Victualling:

Due on Account of victualling his Majesty's Navy, according to an Account received from) 171 712

the Commissioners thereof -3 7,7

Half-pays:

Due to Flag Officers, Commanders, Lieutenants, and Masters, who have served his Majesty in his Fleet at Sea, in the late War, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in Council, on that behalf, as followeth; viz.

By that dated 2 2d Feb. 1693 ——

The other the 18th Apr. 1700 ——

Sick and Wounded:

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, as by an Account from the late Commissioners') thereof ----- ----- *5

For the like Service, since that Business was transferred to the Register Office, as by an Account") received from those Commissioners - -- -- ---3

Register Office:

Due to the Seamen that have registered, pursuant to an Act of Parliament on that behalf,') according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof - - - - v

35,225 13

9,824 o 9

Abate,

( Remaining tmordered by the I^ords*) of the Treasury of the last Year's

53,206 2 10 840 p p

77,863 14 0 *,546,705 *5 8

Towards satisfying of the said Debts ' RemEgin^Money and Tallies in

T

1

the present Treasurer of the Navy'j Hands

£ S.

38,611 12 9

> 213,273

173,861 9 '1

2 4

£ *.334,232 13 4

Total, One Million Three hundred Thirty-four thousand Two hundred Thirty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence.

J. Bridgwater, G. Hooke,

D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill.

Ordered, That the said List, Account, State, and Estimate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused and considered by the RIembers of the House.

Comple- Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the

menisof Men office of Lord High Admiral of England do, Tomorrow Morning, lay before this House an Account of the respective Complements of RIen, for the 1st, 2d, 3d, and 4th Rates, ready to go to Sea.

Regulating Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

litu* regulating, and making more useful, the Militia of this Kingdom: And that Rlr. Pagitt, Mr. Moncton, Sir Rich. Onslow, and Sir Geo. Hungerforddo prepare, and bring in, the same.

SopplI. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Vol. 13.

the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty* the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House , which he read in his Place; and afterward* delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same wap read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before the House, an Account of what Progress hath been made in passing the respective Accounts of the Navy.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay

before

Naval

Account*.

344 i9°-"2o'

Deduction of before this House a State of the Deductions of Poundage Poundage, taken for Slop Cloaths, dead Mens Cloaths, and other Deductions.

Resolutions Resolved, Nemhie contradicente, That whosoever shall for repaying advance, or lend into his Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum Mone"tobT ^*vehundred thousand Pounds for the Service of the advanced. Fleet, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum out of the first Aids to be granted this Session.

ResolvedNemine contradicente, That whosoever shall advance, or lend into his Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for the Subsistence of the Guards and Garisons, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum out of the first Aids to be granted this Session.

Supply. Resolved\ That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself in a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Newport The Lord Cutts, being chosen Knight of the Shire for Election. the County of Cambridge; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, alias Modena, in the County of Southampton; made his Election to serve for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newport, alias Modena, in the room of the said Lord Cutts.

Exchequer Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Bills. House the Seventh Contract for circulating Exchequer Bills: And the Title thereof was read.

The Contract is in a Roll by itself.

Persons dis- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take bled from into Consideration, what Members are concerned in the Clause of the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of the em ers. ]^e|gi1 of his Majesty and the late Queen, disabling Persons to be Members of Parliament:

And the Clause w as read.

And Sir Henry Furnesse, a Member of this House, being charged to be one of the Trustees for circulating Exchequer Bills, and to have acted under that Trust since he was a Member;

To which the said Sir Henry Furnesse, being heard in his Place, acknowleged that he was one of the said Trustees; and that he acted under that Trust since he was a Member; but that he conceived himself not to be within the said Clause, as being concerned only for the Subscribers Money.

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Henry Furnesse Knight, a Member of the House of Commons, having, since his being elected a Member of this present Parliament, been concerned, and acted, as a Trustee for the circulating Exchequer Bills, is guilty of a Breach of the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of his Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for tl» } iM.

Teller,f«r UreNoes, ££2* J «.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said. Sir Henry Furnesse be, for the Breach of the said Act, expelled this House.

Februarii. 1700,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 13° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of George Booth Esquire, was pre- Lestwithieii sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Election* the Petitioner stood a Candidate to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lestxvithiell, in the County of Cornwall; but by several illegal Practices, Sir John Molesworth and John Buller Esquire have obtained a Return to serve for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of [the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And. that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Carter, according to Order, presented to the King's Be House a Bill for regulating the Prisons of the Kings p^eget Bench and Fleet: And the same was received. s

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Persons ing next, take into further Consideration the Clause of the ^lsa^,edfl Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of his 2^ Majesty and the late Queen Mary, disabling Persons to be Members of Parliament.

Ordered, That Gilbert Heathcott Esquire do attend this House in his Place, on Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire Hospital! into the Abuses committed in the Revenues of Hospitals; &c* and to report their Opinion^ how the same may be remedied for the future:

And it is referred to Colonel Byerly, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir John Cordell, Sir Geo. Hunger ford, Mr.

Birch, Mr. Lou-1her, Mr. Foley, Sir Howl. Gxcynn,

Mr. Carter, Mr. Dolben, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Top-ham, Sir Henry Goff] Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Bolles,

Earl of Ranelagh, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Molesworth, Sir Rich. Onsloxo, Mr. Mountstevcns, Mr. Marks, Mr.

Hunch, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Walmsley, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. How, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tredenharn, Mr. Roxcney, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Proby, Sir Cha. Pye, Mr. Pagitt, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Moncton,

Colonel Granville, Mr. Gott, Mr. Pinpoint, Mr. Hy-sham, Mr. Brewer, Sir Geo. Markham, Sir JVm. Ellis,

Sir JVm. Hustler, Sir Ja. How, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Sco-bell, Mr. Drake, Lord Chenie, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Cha.

Turner, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bucknall, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Ash, Mr. Yates, Sir John Kay, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Phillips, Sir Robert Beddingfield, Mr. Townshend, Sir JVm. Ashurst,

Colonel Lee, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Thynn, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Rayner, Mr. IValpok; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do also inquire into any perpetual Charities, and the Abuses committed in them; ^nd report their Opinion concerning the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for R*gula the Qualification of Members to serve in the House of £kctl( Commons; and for the further Regulating of Elections:

And it is referred to Mr. How, Lord Chenie, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Conyers, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Barth.

Shower,

i3 w. m.

io" Februarii.

Shower, Sit Tho. Powys, Sir Rick. Cocks, Mr. Topham, Sir William Coriton; or any Three of them; to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Treaty with Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his Holland. Majesty, according to their Address, had been pleased to give him Direction to lay before this House, Copies of the Treaty with the States General of the United Pro-winces, of the 3d of March 1677; and the Renewals thereof, since that time t And he presented the same to the House accordingly; viz.

A Copy of the Treaty of the 3d of March 1677, and the Translation thereof: And also, 4

A Copy of the Ratification of the 17th of August 1685, and the Translation thereof: And also*

A Copy of the Renewal of the Treaties of the 24th of August 1689, and a Translation thereof;

The Titles whereof were read:

And the said Translations are act follow; viz.

The said Translation of the Treaty of the 3d of March 1677.

Whereas the most Serene Ring of Great Britain, besides the strict Engagements he has already entered into with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and the Support of their common Interest of that Part of Europe, is very desirous to come, at the same time, into a perpetual defensive League with the said States, for the mutual Preservation of each other, their Subjects and Countries, against all those that should undertake to attack them, or molest or injure them in any wise whatsoever; And the said States, being likewise desirous, on their Part, to enter into the said perpetual Alliance of a: defensive Treaty with his Majesty, have given Power to Mr. Van Beuainghen, their Ambassador, with his Majesty, to treat and conclude the Said Alliance: His said Majesty having named on his Side, for Commissioners, Heneage Baron Finch, Lord High Chancellor of England; Thomas Earl of Danby, Lord High Treasurer of England; Henry Earl of Arlington, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold; Henry Coventry Esquire, and Sir Joseph Williamson Knight, his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: The said Commissioners, and the said Embassador after several Meetings and Conferences, have, by virtue of their respective Powers, Copies whereof are inserted at the End of these Presents, agreed and concluded that which followeth:

0.)

There shall be, ftrf the future, between the King, and his Successors, Kings of Great Britain, and his Kingdoms, on one, and the States General of the United Pro* tmees on the other Side, their States, and Territories belonging to them, and their Subjects reciprocally, a sincere, firm, and perpetual Friendship, and good Correspondence, as well by Sea as by Land, in all Things, and every where, both without and within Europe.

(2.)

Moreover, there shall be between his Majesty, and his Successors, Kings of Great Britain, and his Kingdoms, and the said States General, and their States, and Terri to* ties belonging to them, a strict Alliance and faithful Confederation for the mutual Preservation and Maintenance of each other in Tranquillity, Peace, Amity, and Neutrality, by Sea and Land; and in the Possession of all the Rights, Privileges, and Liberties, they enjoy, of have Right to enjoy, or which they have acquired, or shall obtain by Treaties of Peace, Amity, and Neutrality, heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made, jointly, and in common Concert, with other Kings, Repub-licks, Princes, and Cities: Yet all this within the Extent of Europe only.

(3.)

And therefore they both promise and oblige themselves to keep not only all the Treaties, which his Majesty and the said States General have already made with other Kings, Republicks, Princes and States, which shall be exhibited by both Parties, before the Exchange of the

Vol. 13

Ratifications; but also all those which they shall make Treaty vitii hereafter, jointly, and in common Concert; and to de- Holland; fend, assist, and maintain, one another reciprocally in the Possession of the Countries, Cities, and Places, which at present belong, or hereafter shall appertain, as well td his Majesty, and his Successors, Kings of Great Britain, as to the said States General, by the aforesaid Treaties, in whatsoever Part of Europe the said Countries, Towns, and Places, are situated; in case, that in whatsoever is abovementioned, his Majesty, or the said States General, shall be disturbed, or attacked by any Hostility, or open,

War, by whom, or upon what Pretence, soever.

.(4.)

The reciprocal Obligation to assist and defend each other, is likewise understood for preserving and maintaining his Majesty, and the said States General, their Countries and Subjects, in all their Rights, Possessions, Immunities, and Liberties, as well of Navigation and Commerce, as in all other respects both by Sea and Land, which shall belong to them by common Right, or which* they shall acqhire by Treaties made, or to be made, as aforesaid against all Kings, Princes, Republicks; or States:

So that, it* in Prejudice of the said Tranquillity, Peace,

Amity or Neutrality, present or future, his Majesty, or the said States General, shall hereafter be attacked, or in any other Manner whatsoever disturbed in the Possession of the Dominions, Territories, Towns, and Places*

Rights, Immunities, and Liberties of Commerce, Navigation, or otherwise, which his Majesty, or the said States General, enjoy at present, or shall have Right to enjoy, by common Law, or by Treaties already made, or which shall be made as aforesaid; his Majesty, and the said States General, having Notice thereof, and being desired one by the others shall jointly do their utmost to stop any Disturbance or Hostility, and to procure Satisfaction for the Wrong and Injuries done to one of the Ailies.

(5-)

And in case the said Attack or Disturbance should be followed by an open Rupture, he of the Two Allies that shall not be attacked, shall be obliged to break, Two Months after the first Request of the Ally that shall already be in the Rupture; during \vbich time he shall do his Endeavours by his Ambassadors, or other Ministers, to mediate an equitable Agreement between the Aggressor or Disturber, and the Attacked or Disturbed: And, noU withstanding, shall in the mean time, give a strong Succour to his Ally, such as shall be agreed on by the separate Articles between his Majesty and the said States General; which, though there be no mention made of them in this present Article, shall be kept and observed as if they were therein inserted and written: However, after the Expiration of the said Time of Tw o Months, it shall be left to the choice of him of the Allies, that shall be in the Rupture, to continue to enjoy the Advantage of the said Succour, in case the Conjuncture of the Time, and the State of his Affairs, make him prefer the Effect thereof before that of an open Rupture of his Ally.

(6.)

The reciprocal Guaranty being in this manner settled and promised, when either of the Allies shall be attacked or disturbed; if the State of the United Provinces comes to be attacked, and shall be obliged to entef into an open War, his Majesty shall likewise be obliged to break with the Aggressor or Disturber, and to employ all his Power* and all his Forces by Sea and Land, and to join thtoi with those of the said States General* when it shall he thought convenient, in order to bring the common Enemy to an honourable, safe, and equitable Agreement with Great Britain, and the said United Provinces.

(7.)

And, in this case, the Forces of his Majesty of Great Britain, and of the said States General, shall act jointly and separately, according to what shall be then more particularly concerted between his Majesty and the said Stated General; who, together, shall advise and resolve upon the most proper Ways and Means to annoy the common Enemy, either by way of Diversion or otherwise* to the 4 T end

Treaty with lioiiaud.

20° Februarii. 1700*

end, as 'aforesaid, that he may the sooner be brought to an Agreement.

m (80.

The same that is contained in the Two Articles, which do immediately precede this, shall be performed by the said States, in case England shall be attacked or disturbed in the Manner aforesaid.

(9-)

When once the War is begun by both Allies, according to the present Treaty, neither of the Allies shall make any Cessation of Arms with him that is declared and owned for an Enemy, unless jointly, and by common Consent.

(10)

If it should happen, that a Negotiation should be entered upon, either to treat of a Peace, or a Truce for some Years; the same shall not be commenced by either of the Allies without the Participation of the other, and without his procuring at the same time, and as soon as to himself, the Liberty and Security requisite and necessary for sending his Ministers to the Place of Treaty; as also shall communicate constantly, and from time to time, all that shall pass in the said Negociation; and neither the one nor the other shall come to a Conclusion of the said Peace or Truce, without comprehending therein his Ally, and restoring him, if he desires it, to the Possession of his Country, Territories, or Places, and Enjoyment of the Rights and Immunities, which he held and enjoyed before the War; and without stipulating with the common Enemy, for his Ally, the same Rights, Immunities, Exemptions, and Privileges, as for himself; unless it shall be otherwise agreed between the Allies.

(n.)

It shall be permitted to him of the Allies that shall be attacked, to raise all Sorts of Men fit for War in the Dominions of the other, to serve in their Land Armies, provided it be done by Capitulations, such as both Parties shall agree upon between themselves.

(1:2.)

The Ratifications of this present Treaty shall be given in due Form, and exchanged on both Sides, within the Space of Four Weeks, from the Signing thereof

In Witness whereof, the said Commissioners, and the said Ambassador, have signed and sealed these Presents. Done at Westminster, the 3d March 167-^.

Beuninghen, (L. S.)

Finch, C. (L. S.)

Danby, (L. S.)

Arlington, (L. S.)

H. Coventry, (L. S.)

J Williamson, (L. S.)

Separate Articles.

If the Case mentioned in the 5th Article shall happen, the said King, and his Successors, and the said States General, shall be obliged mutually to assist each other, as often as they are attacked or disturbed, as it is more at large expressed in the said Article, with Succours; viz. His Majesty of Great Britain the States General, with 10,000 Foot; and the said States General his Majesty with 6,000 Foot, w ell armed, under such Regiments, Companies, Colonels, and other Officers, as his said Majesty, and the said States, shall think fit, and judge most proper, for such an Assistance; and with Twenty Men of War, well equipped and provided: And the said Succour shall be delivered and maintained at the Cost of him that sends the same for the Service of him that shall be attacked.

(2-)

If the Necessity of Affairs make it judged and acknowledged, that the Succour promised and granted ought to be augmented, the said King, and States General, shall use their Endeavours to agree about it.

(3-)

The Succour which shall be sent shall be wholly under the Command and Order of him to ivhoin it is sent, to make use thereof, and to carry them to such Places as he shall think fit, by Water and Land, in the Field, at Sieges, for the Guarding of Places, and wheresoever his Necessity or Advantage shall require.

In Witness whereof, the Commissioners of the King of Great Britain, and the Ambassador of the States General, have signed and sealed these separate Articles. Done at Westminster, the 3d March 167-J-.

Beuninghen, (L. S.)

Finch, C. (L. S.)

Danby, (L. S.)

Arlington, (L. S.)

H. Coventry, (L. S.)

J\ Williamson, (L. S.)

The said Translation of the Ratification of the 17th of August 1685.

James the Second, &c. We are willing to have it appear to all and singular who are, or may be, concerned, That whereas the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Netherlands, out of their Desire to renew and confirm Friendship with us, have sent to us Ambassadors Extraordinary; an Agreement has been made between them, and Commissioners appointed on our Part, with full Powers, Copies whereof are inserted at the End of this Treaty, the 17th Day of August 1685, at our Castle of Windsor, in the Manner following:

The High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Netherlands, having signified, that they very much desire, that all Treaties which have been made at divers Times and Places, hereafter particularly named, between the most Serene and Powerful Prince, Charles the Second, late King of Great Britain, of glorious Memory, and themselves the said States General, which are now in Being, and relate, as well to the Peace and good Understanding between the British Crown, and the States of the United Netherlands, as to the Liberty, Usage, and Security, of Commerce between the Subjects of either State, may be continued and confirmed anew'; and, to that End, have sent hither their Ambassadors Extraordinary, James Baron of Wassenaer, &c. Arnold de Citters, Everard deWcede, Lord of Dickvelt, &c.; and have made them their Commissaries and Deputies on this Occasion, and armed them with full Power and Authority:

The most Serene and Powerful Prince, James the Second, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, &c. being moved with the same Desire of continuing and observing the ancient Friendship between the said Two Nations, and increasing the same by any advantageous Agreements and Conditions on both Sides, hath named and constituted on his Part, and armed them with the like Power and Authority, his right trusty and right wrell beloved Cousins and Counsellors, Laurence Earl of Rochester, High Treasurer of England; George Marquis of Hallifax, President of the Privy Council; Robert Earl of Sunderland, one of the Principal Secretaries of State; and Charles Earl of Middleton, the other Principal Secretary of State: The aforesaid Commissioners and Deputies, as well on the Part of the most Serene Prince, James King of Great Britain, as on the Part of the States General, having several times met and conferred together concerning the Premises, according to the Authorities and Powers given them on both Sides, Copies whereof are inserted in the End of this Treaty, have agreed and concluded,

That all and singular the Treaties here recited and named;

1st, The Treaty of Peace and Confederacy concluded at Breda, the -|4 July 1667;

2d, The Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, made at the same Place, and the same Day;

3d, The Treaty of Peace and Friendship, concluded at Westminster the -tV Day of February 167!.

4th, The Marine Treaty, concluded at London the First of December 1674, together with a Declaration, whereby certain Articles of the said Treaty made the tV of

February

13 W. III.

ao° Febfuarii.

347

February 1664, are more fully explained, Which was concluded at the Hague the 4°- December 1675;

5th, The Article for preventing, or composing arnica* bly, Controversies between the English and Dutch Companies trading to the East Indies, concluded at London the t8t of March 1674;

6th, The Xeague defensive, concluded at London the 3d of March 1674;

And all and singular the Articles contained in the said Treaties, and any of them; shall from henceforth be continued for ever; shall be confirmed, and remain in Force, in the same Sense, a*?d to the same Purpose, as they were at first framed and concluded; and shall have and obtain, for the future, the same Force and Power as they ought to have had, or were supposed 16 have had, before; and that in as ample Manner and Form as they were at first conceived and concluded, and as if each particular Treaty, and every Article of those Treaties, were repeated and inserted in these Presents.

(2.)

The aforesaid most Serene Lord the King of Great Britain, and the aforesaid High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, shall sincerely, and bona fide, observe all and singular the Heads agreed upon and confirmed by all and singular the Treaties recited and named in the foregoing Article, and cause the same to be observed by their Subjects and People; and shall not, directly or indirectly, do any thing to the contrary themselves, or suffer the like to be done by their Subjects or People; and they shall on both Sides, ratify and confirm, by Letters Patents, signed by their own Hands, and sealed with their Great Seals, the Confirmation of all and singular the aforesaid Treaties, now agreed on and concluded by their respective Commissaries and Deputies; which shall be conceived and drawn up in sufficient and effectual Manner; and shall deliver the same, or cause them to be delivered reciprocally, bona fidey really and effectually, within Four Weeks after the Date of these Presents, or sooner, if it may be. Done in the Royal Castle of Windsor, the 17th Day of August 1685.

(L. S.) Rochester, (L. S.) Baron de Wassenaery

(L S.) Halifax, Duvenvoirde,

(L. S.) Sunderland, (L. S.) Arnout Van Citters,

(L. S.) Middleton. (L. S.) De IVeede.

The said Translation of the Renewal of the Treaties the 24th of August 1689.

Whereas after several Breaches of the Peace on the Part of France, the most Serene King of Great Britain, and the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Law Countries, are jointly entered into a War with the most Christian King; and the said

Lords the States General, having..... the Sieurs

Alexander Schimmelpemiinck Vander Oijey Lord of En~ gelenburg, Grand Baily and Disckgrave of the City and Majorality of Bokleduc; Nicolas IVitsen Burgomaster, Counsellor and Treasurer of the City of Amsterdam; William de Nassau, Lord of Odjick, Cortgene, Seijst, Drij-lergen, and Blichenburg, first Nobleman, and representing the Nobility in the Assembly of the States, and in the Council of the Province of Zeland; Arnold Van Citters, formerly their Ambassador in Ordinary in England; and Ever hard de JVeede, Lord of TVeede, Dickvelty & c. their Ambassadors Extraordinary to his Majesty of Great Britain; and having shewed their Desire by the said Ambassadors, not only to confirm all the Treaties of Amity and Alliance, which are subsisting between the Crown of England, and the said States General, but also to enter into other Engagements of stricter Alliance with his said Majesty, for the Maintenance, and reciprocal Preservation, of their Subjects, Countries, and States, and to reduce the most Christian King to a just and reasonable Peace, which may restore and confirm the Quiet and Tranquillity of Europe: And as the said States General have given Power to the said Ambassadors Extraordinary, to treat and conclude the said Treaty; his Majesty, being of the Vol. 13.

same Mind, and willing to concur in that Design, has Treaty with named for Commissioners, on his Side, Thomas Marquis Holland, of Carmarthen, President of his Privy Council; George Marquis of Halifax, Keeper of the Privy Seal; the Earl of Shrezosbury, and the Earl of Nottingham, his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and Thomas Wharton Esquire, Privy Counsellor, and Comptroller of his Majesty's Houshold: The said Commissioners, and the said Ambassadors, after several Meetings and Conferences, have, by virtue of their respective Powders, Copies whereof are inserted at the End of these Presents, agreed and concluded that which followeth:

O')

There shall be, for the future, between the King of Great Britain, and his Successors, Kings of Great Britain, and their Kingdoms, on one Side, and the States General of the United Provinces, on the other, and their Dominions, Territories, and Subjects, reciprocally, a sincere, firm, and perpetual Amity, and good Correspondence, both by Sea and Land, in all Things, and in all Places, as well without as within Europe.

(2.)

And, for the better Security of this Friendship, and good Correspondence; and to remove all Difficulties between both Parties, upon what Pretence soever; it is agreed and covenanted between the said King of Great Britain, and the said States General, That all Treaties of Peace, Friendship, Alliance, and Confederacy, of Commerce and Marine, hereafter named and mentioned, shall be approved of, and confirmed, on both Sides; viz.

The Treaty of Peace and Alliance, concluded at Breda the |4 July 1607.

The Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded at the same Time, and in the same Place; 1

The Treaty of Peace and Amity, concluded at Westminster the -rV February 1 674.

The Treaty of Marine, concluded at London the First October 1674; with a Declaration, explaining several Articles of the said Treaty, as also of the Marine Treaty of the n7Tth February 1674, concluded at the Hague the December 1675.

An Article for preventing and composing the Disputes which may happen between the East India Companies of England and Holland, concluded at London the -T March 1674.

The defensive League, concluded at Westminster the 3d of March 1674.

The Treaty of Concert relating to the English and Holland Fleets, concluded at Whitehall the 29th April 1689.

The Treaty for prohibiting Commerce with Trance, concluded at Whitehall the August 1689.

Whereas the said Treaties, and all and every the ArtF cles of them, are effectually approved of, and confirmed, by this present Treaty; and shall remain in their first Force and Virtue, as if they were here inserted Word for Word, as far as they do not contradict or derogate one from the other, or from this present Treaty: So that the Points and Matters, stipulated by a latter Treaty, shall be fulfilled in the Sense then agreed upon, without any Regard to an ancienter Treaty.

(3-)

Moreover, there shall be betwixt his Majesty, and his Successors, and the said Lords States General, and their Subjects and Ii habitants, reciprocally, a firm Alliance, and faithful Confederacy, mutually to preserve and maintain each other in Tranquillity, Peace, Friendship, and Neutrality, by Sea and Land, and in Possession of all Rights, Franchises, and Liberties, that they enjoy, or have Right, to enjoy, or which are acquired for them, or that they shall acquire by Treaties of Peace, Friendship, and Neutrality, which have been heretofore made, or shall be hereafter made, jointly, and by common Consent, with other Kings, Republicks, Princes, and Cities, but all within the Extent of Europe only.

(4.) And

so0 Februarii. 1700.

Treaty with Holland.

(4.)

And thus they promise and oblige themselves to maintain, reciprocally, not only all the Treaties which his Majesty, or his Predecessors, and the said Lords States General, have already made with other Kings, Republicks, Princes* or States, which shall be exhibited on each Side before the Exchange of the Ratifications, but also all those which they may make hereafter, jointly or by common Consent; and to defend, assist, and preserve, each other in the Possession of the Lands, Cities, and Places, which at present belong, or hereafter may belong, as well to his Majesty, and his Successors, Kings of Great Britain, as to the said Lords States General, by the said Treaties, in what Place soever the said Lands, Cities, and Places, are situated, in case that, in any thing above-mentioned, his Majesty, or the said Lords States General, should be troubled or attacked by any Hostility, or open War, by 6ny one, or upon ... Pretext whatsoever; in which case they shall act on each Side, according to what is agreed upon! in the abovesaid Treaty, concluded the 3d of March 167-J-.

(5.)

And whereas the said King of Great Britain, and the said States, are at present in War against the most Christian King; and as the said King of Great Britain, and States General, are under a reciprocal Obligation to assist, defend, maintain, and preserve, mutually each other, their Countries and Subjects, in their Possessions, Immunities, and Liberties, as well of Navigation as Commerce, and other Rights whatsoever, both by Sea and Land, against all Kings, Princes, and States* and particularly the said most Christian King; and for the better attaining to a just and reasonable Peace, which may re-establish the Quiet and Tranquillity of Europe; it is agreed between the said King of Great Britain, and the said States, That there shall not any Suspension of Arms, Truce, or Peace, be agreed on between any of the said Allies, and the most Christian King, or any other King, Prince, or State, whereby either of the said Allies may be molested or attacked, but jointly, and by common Consent.

(6.)

And whereas the said King of Great Britain and the said States General, have already entered into a Treaty of Concert for the employing their Forces this Year against the said most Christian King; it is determined and resolved, That they shall speedily agree upon other Articles and Conditions, in relation to the Numbers and Employing of their Troops, and Men of War, in such manner as shall be thought most convenient, to act with better Success against the common Enemy.

(7.)

It is further agreed between the said King of Great Britain, and the said States, That if, after a Peace is made with the most Christian King, jointly, and with common Consent, as it is above-mentioned, either of the Parties shall be attacked afresh by the most Christian King, or if either of the Parties shall be attacked by any other King Prince, or State; in such Case, the Treaty of Alliance and Guaranty above-mentioned, concluded the 3d Day of March in the Year 167^, between the Crown of England and the said States, which is also approved of, and confirmed by this present Treaty, shall subsist then in all its utmost Extent; and shall be executed in all its Points and Articles, as if the same, or a like Treaty, had been made anew, and since the Conclusion of the Peace with the said most Christian King; with this Variation only, that the War happening in the Case mentioned in the 4th Article of this Treaty, none of the said Allies shall make any Suspension of Arms, Truce, or Peace, with the said most Christian King, or other Aggressor, but jointly and by common Consent.

In this present Treaty shall be comprehended all Kings, Princes, and States, who shall be willing to enter into it before the Exchange of the Ratifications, or within Six Months after, with the common Consent of his Majesty, and the said States.

The present Treaty shall be ratified, and approved of, by the said King, and the said States, and the Letters of Ratification shall be delivered by the one and the other, in good and usual Form, within the Term of Six Weeks, or sooner, if possible, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing thereof.

InWitness whereof, his Majesty's above-mentioned Commissioners, and the Ambassadors Extraordinary aforesaid, by virtue of their respective Powers, have signed these Presents in their ordinary Manner of signing; and have caused their Coat of Arms to be set thereunto. Concluded at Westminster, the 24th Day of August 1689.

0 Schimmelpenning

(L. S.) Carmarthen, P.

0 Halifai\ C.P.S. ©

O Shrevsbury, ©

O Nottingham, 0

0 T. Wharton. ©

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaties be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of his Majesty's gracious Answer to the Address of this House.

Ordered, That his Majesty's said gracious Answ er, and the Memorial therewith delivered, be referred to the said Committee.

Vander Oije

N Witsen,

W. de Nassau, Arnout Van Cittersf De JVeede.

Colonel Churchill, from the Commissioners for executing ships fit! the Office of Lord High Admiral of England\ according for Se*. to Order, presented to the House at List of his Majesty's Ships of the 1st, 2d, 3d, and 4th Rates, that are in Condition to be forthwith fitted for the Sea, with their respective Complements of Men: And

A List of the Ships of 50 Guns, and upwards, now in Sea Pay at home.

And the Title and Abstracts thereof were read; and the said Lists are as follow; viz.

The said List of his Majesty's Ships of the 1st, 2d, 3d, and 4th Rates, that are in Condition to be forthwith fitted for the Sea, with their respective Complements of Men.

i m Ships Names. Complements of Men.

Highest. Middle. Lowest.

1 Britannia ... 754 65c 544

Queen - 754 65c > 544

Victory - 754 65c > 544

Royal William 754 65c 544

2 Association - 640 562 ! 486

Barfleur 640 562 ! 488

St. Michael - 582 506 418

Namure ... 640 562 486

Tryumph - 640 562 486

Boyne - 476 398 322

3 Bedford - - - 470 370 293

Cornwall - 476 398 322

Cambridge - 476 398 322

Cumberland - 476 398 322

Content Prize 476 370 293

Dorsetshire - 476 398 322

Expedition - 476 370 293

Humber - 476 398 322

Ipswich - 476 370 293

Kent - - - 476 370 293

Lancaster - 476 398 322

Monmouth - 389 3»2 250

Norfolk 47 398 322

Newark - 476 398 322

Royal Oak - 456 380 302

Orford - 446 379 293

lesolution - 408 336 264

Tussell - 476 398 322

' lanelagh - 476 398 322

Sterling Castle 446 370 293

Suffolk - - - - 44.6 370 293

Swiftsure - 408 336 294

Somerset 476 398 322

Torbay

Rates. I |5 Rates.

13 W. III.

3d" Febrnd

349

Ships Complements of Men.

names. Highest. Middle. Lowest.

Torbay - - - - 476 398 322

Yarmouth - - - 446 370 293

Bristoll - - - - 226 *97 ' 149

Bonadventure - - 226 ^9/ 149

Blackwall - - - 226 197 149

Canterbury - - - 346 278 221

Centurion - - - 22 6 197 149

Chatham - - - 226 197 149

Chester - - - 226 *97 *49

Coventry - " - 226 *97 149

Deptford - 226 *97 149

Dover - - - 226 *97 149

Dragon - - - 216 182 140

Dunkirk - - - 322 264 206

Dreadnought - - - . 34<- 274, 212

Dartmouth - - - \ 22t) *97 *49

Exeter - - - - 346J 278 221

Falkland - - 226 *97 149

Greenwich - - - 274; 236 182

Guernsey - - - 22 6 *97 149

Jersey - - - 22 6 *97 149

Kingston - - 346 278 221

Kingsisher - - - ' 2l6 182 140

Litchfield - - - 226 *97 149

Medway - - - 346 278 221

Mary - - - - 346 274 221

Mountague - - - 346 274 221

Norwich - - -: 220 *97 149

Newcastle - - - 274 23b 182

Non such - - - 226 *97 149

Pembroke - - - 34t> 278 221

Severne - - - 226 *97 149

Weymouth - - - 226 *97 149

Windsor - - - 346 278 221

Warwick - - - 22(i *97 149

Yorke - - " 332 264 206

Abstract of the fore< Toing

List.

Rates. N°

First - - 4)

Second -Third - - 5 ( 26 £ 27,053 22,819 18,291

Fourth - - 34J

Total 69 27i053 22,819 18,291

now in Sea-pay at Home; viz.

Complements of Men.

Ships Names Highest. Middle. Lowest.

Berwick - - 446 370 293

Bredah - - - 446 370 293

Burford - - - 446 370 293

Chichester - - - 476 398 322

Defyance - - - 389 312 250

Eagle - - - - 446 370 293

Edgar - - - - 432 360 284

Essex - - - - 446 370 2-93

Grafton - - - 446 370 293

Nassau - - - 446 370 293'

Rfcveuge - - - 446 370 293

Shrewsbury - - - 476 398 322

Assistance - - - 226 *97 149

Burlington - - - 226 *97 149

Crown - - - - 226 *97 149

Colchester - - 226 *97 *49

Falmouth - - 226 19 7 149

Hampshire - - - 226 *97 149

Oxford - - - 274 236 182

Portland - - - 22b *97 149

Pendennis Vol, 13. - — 226 *97 1 J *49

PS

p

Ships Names.

Plymouth -Ruby -Romney -

Southampton -Sunderland -Salisbury Winchester -Worcester

Abstract of the two Lists beforegoing; viz. Ships

First, Second, Third, 1 ~ and Fourth states \

Total 98

By their Lordships Command, J. Burchett.

Complements of Men.

Highest. Middk. Lowest.

332 264 206

226' *97 149

226 *97 U9

226 *97 149

346 278 221

226 *97 149

226 *97 149

226 *97 149

27,053 22,819 18,291

9,457 7,074 6,217

36,5*0 29,893 24,508

J. Brit dgwater,

G. Rooke>

D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill.

Ordered, That the said Lists do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster HalL and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House resolved itself into & Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty's gracious Answer to the Address of the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

kesolved, That the Report be received immediately.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee^ the said Resolutionwhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered hi at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and^ia as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That he will please to enter into such Negotiations* in Concert with the States General of the United Provinces, and other Potentates, as may most effectually conduce to the mutual Safety of these Kingdoms, and the States General; and the Preservation of the Peace of Europe; and giving him Assurances of Support and Assistance, in Performance of the Treaty made with the States General the 3d of March 1677.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved\ Nemine contraaicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That he will please to enter into such Negotiations, in Concert with the States General of the United Provinces, and other Potentates, as may most effectually conduce to the mutual Safety of these Kingdoms, and the States General, and the Preservation of the Peace of Europe; and giving hitn Assurances of Support and Assistance, in Performance of the Treaty made with the States General, the 3d of March 1677.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

4 U And

Member*

summoned.

Answer to Addresfc, considered.

Resolutions for Address for entering into Negotiations.

0

0 Februarii.

Wareham

Writ.

Hchester

Election.

Tampering . with Witnesses.

Witnesses giving false Evidence.

Pembroke

Election.

35°

20---21

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Februarii;

130 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

CJ^HOMAS Earle Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and also for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorsett; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Portsmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wareham, in the room of the said Mr. Earle.

A Petition of Sir Francis Windham Baronet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, Sir Philip Sidenham, and James Anderton Esquire, stood Candidates at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset: But the said Mr. Anderton did, contrary to a late Act of Parliament, distribute and expend several Sums of Money amongst the Electors, by which Means he hath procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Offered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath tampered with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor: And this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any Cause before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

A. 1706.

referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his King ap- Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by Point*10 k this House this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, at Kensington. atten ed*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Blackwell, the more effectual Execution of an Act, made in the hall Market. 8th and 9th Years of his present Majesty, to restore the Market at Blackwell-kall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the Factors there: And that Mr Eyres, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. How, Mr. Dolben, and Sir Geo. Hungtrjord, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill toen- Duchy of able his Majesty to make Leases of his Duchy of Corn- Cornwall wall: And that Mr. Boscawen and Mr. Hoblyn do pre- Leases* pare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Expiring Laws are near expiring, and what are fit to be continued: kw*

And it is referred to Mr. Carter, Sir Jos. Trcdenham,

Mr. Eyres, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Molesworth, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. England, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Goulston, Sir Robert Clayton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. flow, Mr. Clerke,

Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Wheeler, 'Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Birch, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Onslow, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr.

Jervoise, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Oxcen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die in dim.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preservation the better Preservation and increase of Timber of this ofTin3t)!r* Kingdom: And that Sir Rorvland Gwyn, Mr. Colt, and Mr. How, and Sir Wm. Coriton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they do take care, that the Money that shall arise by the Sale of Woods, in the King's Forest, be applied to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Resumption sume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the of Graflt£* 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick: And that Sir John Bodes, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Richard Onslow, and Sir Richard Cocks, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Barlow, William Skirme, John Phillips, Owen Ford, Esquires, and several other Freeholders, of the County of Pembroke, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Knight to serye in this Parliament for the said County, Sir Arthur Owen Baronet and Sir William Wogan Knight, stood Candidates: That Thomas Lloyd Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, did privately deliver the Writ to Charles Philips, JoknLangharne, and John Meyrick Esquire, great Friends of Sir Arthurs; and, as pretended, deputed them, with Tho. Skirme his Under Sheriff, with the Execution thereof, and to take the Poll: And the Three Deputies would not admit any to inspect the Poll for Sir William; and directed Persons to poll against him that were no Freeholders, refused to administer the Oath to them, although demanded: And the said pretended Deputies took upon them to control the Under Sheriff, who openly declared against their unjust Proceedings: Whereupon all or the greater Number of Freeholders, that would have voted for Sir Wm. went away; by which Means, and many other unlawful Practices of the Sheriff, and his Deputies, before and at the Election, the said Sir Arthur Owen was returned, to the apparent Wrong of the said Sir William Wogan, and the greater Number of the Freeholders of the said County, who were deprived of their Liberty of Election: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

A Petition of Futon Gerrard Esquire was presented to Lancaster the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, was a Candidate at the last Election for Knights of the Shire for the County of Lancaster; and, of Right, ought to have been returned; but by Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, and by the partial and illegal Proceedings of the Sheriff of the County, Richard Bold Esquire is returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Account of

of all Orders and Directions, given by the Lords Com- War

missioners of the Treasury, with relation to the Accounts hTavylre> j surers

of the Treasurer at War, and the Treasurer of the Navy;

and what Proceedings have been thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay the said Account before this House.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest, and other Feesou Officers concerned in passing the publick Accounts, do pa*j!uj' lay before the House an Account of the Fees and Allow'- c>

ances by them claimed, for the several Accounts brought before them.

Ordered, That the several Lists, Accounts, and

Estimates,

13 W. III. ai° — 22°Februarii. 351

Mints Estimates, which have been presented to the House from 1 Ad* the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High ^v* Admiral of England, be referred to the Committee of the whose House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of his Majesty's

Speech be referred to the said Committee.

jly. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

suttees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 22° die Februarii;

130 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ig A PETITION of several Freemen of the Borough A or Corporation of Reading, in the County of Berks, inhabiting the rein, that pay Scotland Lot there, and other Freemen thereof, not inhabiting the rein, and divers other Householders residing the rein, that pay Scotland Lot there, and other Householders who do not pay Scotland Lot there, and receive no Alms or Charity, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Owen Buckingham, Tanfield Vachtll, and Francis Knowles, Esquires, stood Candidates; and Sir Owen Buckingham, and Mr. Vachell, were duly elected by the Majority of the Persons qualified as aforesaid, who only have the Right of Election: That most of the Persons that voted for Mr. Kncwlcs, were Alms-people, and such as received Charities, and therefore unqualified to vote at Elections: Yet the Mayor of the said Borough hath returned Mr. Knowles with Sir Owen, in Wrong to the Petitioners Right of Election: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

1 of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for ffc* the better Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of their Offices, and in the passing their Accounts: And that Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Dolben, and Sir Jos. Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

tfson Ordered.\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

tom, the easier Discharge of Seizures upon Outlawries in the Exchequer: And that Mr. Boscawen, Mr Hoblyn, and Sir Jay. Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That an Account of all Grants, made since Grants from the Seventh Day of December 1699, be laid before this the Crown. House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay the said Account before this House.

Mr, Speaker reported, That the House having yester- Answer to day attended his Majesty, and presented to him their Address. Address, his Majesty was pleased, thereupon, to give the gracious Answer following; viz.

Gentlemen,

I thank you heartily for the Advice you have given me, and your unanimous. Resolution to support and assist me in making good the Treaty mentioned in your Address:

And I will immediately order my Ministers abroad to enter into Negotiations, in Concert with the States General, and other Potentates, for the attaining of those great Ends which you desire.

Nothing can more effectually conduce to our Security, than the Unanimity and Vigour you have shewed on this Occasion; and I shall always endeavour, on my Part, to preserve and increase this mutual Trust and Confidence between us.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to* his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision he made, from time to time, for making good the Principal and Interest due on all Parliamentary Funds, granted since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Provision be made, from time to time, for making good the Principal and Interest due on all Parliamentary Funds, granted since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Deficiencies of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds since his of Parish- Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown. Funds

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this u House by Mr. Lozvndes.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Debts unpro^ by the respective Officers, of what Debts remain unpro- vided for. vided for in the publick Offices, which have accrued since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House Debts before an Account of what Debts, owing before the Resolution, Involution, have been paid at the Exchequer, since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Persons dis-into further Consideration, what Members are concerned "bled irom in the Clause mentioned in the Act made in the 5th and Metu~ sith Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen, disabling Persons to be Members of Parliament.

And Mr. Hcathcott attending in his Place, according to Order, lie was heard; and acquainted the House, That he was chosen by the People who were Subscribers for advancing of Money for circulating of Exchequer Bills, to take care of their Money; and was informed and advised, that he was not within the said Clause; and hoped that he having acted in the said Trust honestly, he should have the favourable Construction of the House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Contract between his Majesty's Commissioners of the Treasury, and the said Subscribers, dated the 15th of April 1700; and also the Constitution of the said Commissioners of the Treasury to the Trustees for circulating

the

A Member expelled.

35*

the said Exchequer Bills, dated the Seventh of May 1697> which had been laid before the House; were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Gilbert Heathcott Esquire, a Member of the House of Commons, having, since his being elected a Member, been concerned, and acted, as a Trustee for the circulating Exchequer Bills, is guilty of a Breach of the Act made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after the Word "Trustees/1 these Words "on the Part " and Behalf of the Subscribers/1 And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ imam&rickland

Wte for.he Noes] .*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That Gilbert Heathcott Esquire, a Member of the House of Commons, having, since his being elected a Member, been concerned, and acted, as a Trustee for the circulating Exchequer Bills, is guilty of a Breach of the Act made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

Resolved, That the said Gilbert Heathcott Esquire, for the Breach of the said Act, be expelled this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

22° — 240 Februarii.

A.

1700.

bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Houses, and Lands, for Payment of the said Mortgage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Vaughan, and Sir John Phillips, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of William Monson Esquire, was presented Henfei to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Eta tioner, and Mr. Gulston, stood Candidates at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, in the ... . Mr. Philmev, deceased: That after the said Vacancy, and at the said Election, several Gifts, Promises and Menaces, and other undue Practices, were used by Mr. Gulston3 Friends and Agents, to promote his Interest, and suppress the Petitioner's; and the Mayor refused to poll; several rightful Voters, who offered to poll for the Petitioner; and admitted great Numbers to poll for Mr. i Gulston, who had no Right so to do; by which Means, though the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Electors I upon the Poll, the Mayor hath, contrary to his Duty, returned Mr. Gulston as duly elected, to the Petitioners 1 Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House 1 in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition t be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Lenthall Esquire, was presented Kind's Bi to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Pirn Bill depending in this House, for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, which w ill greatly prejudice the Petitioner's Inheritance in the Kings Bench Prison: And praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, what he hath to object against the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Lally

llulkley's

Estate.

Lunce, 24* die Februarii 1

130 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Elizabeth Lady Bulldey, Wife of the Honourable Richard Lord Bulkley, Viscount Cassells, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was seised in Fee, or Fee Tail, of divers Houses and Lands in Devonshire and Exon, of about 47/. per Annum Rent; and, upon her Marriage Articles, covenanted to convey those premises to Trustees, to be sold, and the Money to belaid out to purchase other Lands in Wales, to be settled upon the Issue of that Marriage: That soon after the Marriage, the said Premises were mortgaged to Sir Walter Plumer, for 750/. and Interest; and Differences arise-ing between the Lord Bulkley, and the Petitioner, it was agreed, that they should separate, having no Issue; and inter aC the Lord Bulkley did convey to Trustees the aforesaid Premises, to be sold to discharge the said Mortgage, the Residue for the Petitioner's Advantage: That the Petitioner hath actually contracted for Sale of the said Premises; but the said Trustees refuse to join in the Sale; and the Purchaser will not proceed without an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to

A Petition of such as deal in the Silver Manufactory in Assayi the City, and County of the City, of Exon, was presented Plate, to the House, and read; setting forth, That by mason of a Clause in a late Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for making a new Standard for Silver, the Petitioners are abridged from exercising their Trades; for that their Plate, when wrought up, is liable to Seizure, for want of the Britannia Mark, which they are uncapable of fixing thereto: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing of the said Clause; and for the more effectual preventing the melting down the current Coin of this Kingdom; and also to prevent all Manner of Frauds and Abuses in the Silver Manufactury.

And the Clause in the said Act was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Art king-ton, Mr. Clark, Mr. Monstevens, Mr. Gzvyn, Mr. Bouncy, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Smith, Sir Jos: Jekill, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Bridges, Earl of Ranelagh, Sir John Molesworth,

Mr. Hamond, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lowther, Sir Hump. Mackworth, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Arth. Owen, Mr. Mom-pesson, Mr. Hams, Mr. Yates, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Shadier ly, Mr. Blofield, Sir Wm. Canton, Sir John Phillips,

Mr. Walpole, Sir Edward Hunger]ord, Sir Robert Cotton:

ijW. HI. 24" — 25° 353

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

saying of A Petition of the Company of Goldsmiths within the bte* City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Clause in an Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the bringing in wrought Plate to be coined, the Petitioners are made utterly incapable of exercising.....be-

1 cause the said Act prescribes but one Mark for all Silver

Wares, which the Company of Goldsmiths of London have appropriated to themselves, so that the Petitioners dare not affix the said Mark, for fear of incurring the Penalty of the said Act: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

oney come Ordered, That the respective Treasurers and Pav-

' wirerS«f masters ^ie Navy, Army, and Ordnance, do forth-

*Navy,&c. with lay before this House an Abstract of all Money come to their Hands since the 5th Day of November 1688; and how the same hath been expended; and what remains in their Hands, and for what Uses.

minis- Ordered' That the Commissioners appointed to take,

Fsof examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army,

Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; do forthwith lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings, and particularly in relation to the Prizes.

lD8 Ordered, That an Account be forthwith laid before this House of all the Money that has been received upon Account of the Act for registering Seamen; and what' hath been expended, or paid in the Management of the said Office.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House, by the Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy, and Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, respectively.

Wf* The House, according to Order, resolved itsdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit agaiu.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, immediately after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 25° die Februarii;

13* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pfi AYERS.

So A PETITION of some of the unbribed Burgesses

on* A. of the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Her eford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Henry Cornwall Esquire, by himself and Agents, before and since the Teste of the Writ for electing Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, made publick Entertainments for the Burgesses of the said Borough, Vol. 13.

and to some gave Money, Promises, Gratuities, Threats, and even Confinement, for their Votes; by which, and other illegal Proceedings, the said Mr. Cornwall hath procured himself returned, as the Petitioners Representative, in Violation of their Rights, and the Freedom of Elections: And praying the House to make void Mr. Cornwall's Election, and to punish the Offenders therein, that the Liberties of the said Borough may be preserved for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be deferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of John Asgill Esquire, was presented to the Bramber House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was Election* duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex; but, by undue Means, Tho. Owen Esquire hath procured himself to be returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice:

And praying Relief in the Premises*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of S\v James Bradshaw Knight, was presented Kingston to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the upon Hull Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament Election, for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Petitioner, Sir William St. Quintin, and Mr. Win. Maisters, and others, stood Candidates; and, by the Votes of unqualified Persons,

Mr. Maisters had the Majority of the Petitioner; who demanding a Scrutiny of the Sheriff, they went to the Mayor, and requested the Register of the Freemen's Names, to examine the Poll by; hut the Mayor positively refused it; by which it w ould have appeared, that the Petitioner had the Majority of the Freemens Votes, and so. ought to have been returned: Besides all which, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, and Mr. Maisters, by themselves or Agents, did illegally procure Votes, by Money, Entertainments, and Promises of Reward: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Denbigh Holt, in the County of Denbigh, on behalf of themselves, Election, and other Burgesses of the said Borough of Holt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Act of Parliament, 35 Henry 8th, the said Borough, together with the Boroughs of Ruthin and Denbigh, are impowered to elect a Burgess for Parliament; to which Election, none but Burgesses have a Right to vote; and the Election of such Burgesses is, by an ancient Charter, vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Holt:

That on the 25th of August 1698, Tho. Warburton Esquire, then Mayor of Holt, did, 'without the Consent, and against the express Will, of the Bailiffs, and most of the Burgesses, make about 400 Foreigners and Strangers, brought thither by the Interest of Sir Robert Cotton, of Cheshire, Burgesses of Holt; in Opposition to which Proceeding, the old Burgesses did demand a Poll; but Mr. Warburton peremptorily refused it; and, on the 28th of September following, made above 400 more Foreigners and Strangers, brought thither by the like Interest, Burgesses, notwithstanding the like Opposition was made, though to no Purpose: That Edward Brere-ton Esquire prosecuted an Information in the Kings Bench, against the said Mr. Warburton, for his irregular Proceedings; which was tried at the last Salop Assizes; and a Verdict was given against him, upon full Evidence given by his own Witnesses; and yet Sir Robert Cotton, on behalf of his Son Thomas, did, at the last Election of a Burgess to represent the Petitioners, with Ruthin and 4 X Denbigh,

3 54 $5° FebruariL A\ 1700.

Denbigh, demand, That the said Foreigners and Strangers ought to vote in the Election; and brought near 500 of them; which gave the Petitioners much Disturbance, Sir Robert pretending to a Majority by such Assistance; which Proceedings, if permitted, may cause the Election of a JBurgess to Parliament to be at the Pleasure of any one Person, as Mayor; and manifestly tends to subvert the Constitution of Parliament, and the Freedom and Rights of the Borough of Holt: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be rete/red to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Poor. Resolved\ That all Bills relating to the Poor be declared

to be publick Bills, and pass without paying Fees.

Debtor* A Petition of above an Hundred decayed Merchants

Petition. and Tradesmen, Freemen of the City of London, now con-

fined for Debt in the Prison of Ludgate, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand more, who are likewise confined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Deadness of Trade, Losses, and other Misfortunes, the Petitioners are utterly disabled to pay their Debts; so that, without the Compassion of the House, they, and their Wives and Children, must perish: And praying, That some good Bill may be passed for the Relief and Release of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Fairfax, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Scobelly Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Butler, Sir Cka. Hedges, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Birch, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Hysham, Mr Mounstecen, Mr. Thynn, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Ekins, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Thorn haugh, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Phillips, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Crowy Mr. Eyre, Mr. Hamond\ Sir John Mordant, Sir William Ashurst, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Wheeler, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jervois? Sir Rush. Cullen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Supply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury be impowered to call in all Exchequer Bills that remain uncancelled; and that the Interest of them be computed, and made Principal; and the old Bills cancelled, and new Bills made out for the Sums due for both Principal and Interest on the old Bills; which Sums shall carry Interest after the Rate of Four-pence per diem for every Hundred Pound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Aid be granted to his Majesty, for the Payment of the Principal and Interest due onfall Exchequer Bills yet uncancelled.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Aid be granted to his Majesty, for continuing the Contracts for circulating Exchequer Bids.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cmyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Circulating the several Contracts with relation to the circulating Ex- j^he(lU{r chequer Bills; and to examine into the Method and D Manner of Proceedings of the said Office; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hareourt, Mr. Gzvynn, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clark, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Tho>,

Meet's, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Haw, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Dysert, Colonel Granville, Mr. Bridges,

Sir John Phillips, Mr. Monsteven, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Semen, Mr. Thynn, Mr. Scobell, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Geo. Hungerford\ Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Bullet', Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Lowlher,

Sir Fra. Child, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Birch,

Mr. Walpole: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That the Commissioners Commii-for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also ArmyDd an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; &c. attended at the Door;

They were called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House a Report, or an Account, of their Proceed- I ings; together with some Accounts and Papers relating the reunto.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Report, or Account, and the Titles of; the other Papers and Accounts, were read;

And the said Report, or Account, is as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the 11th and 12th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; delivered in to the Honourable House of Commons, in Obedience to an Order dated the 24th Day of this Instant February 1700-1.

May it please your Honours,

Army.] According to the Directions of the said Act, we applied ourselves with all Diligence, in the First Place, to the stating and determining the Arrears of Pay to the Officers who have served under his Majesty, either for the Reduction of Ireland, or in the War against France.

In order whereunto we gave frequent Notices by Precepts, Letters, and public Advertisements, to the Colonels and Agents of the respective Regiments, forthwith to lay their Accounts before us; as will appear in the Scheme herewith humbly presented, marked (A.)

notwithstanding which, very few were brought to us before the First of September; but those that were, have been carefully examined and stated; and Certificates made by us for the Arrears thereof, to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces, within the Time limited by the Act, beginning with those whose Officers received Half-pay; of which Arrears we here present an Abstract, marked (B); wherein we have distinguished what is due upon the Account of Cloathing, what for Poundage, and what for the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

And here we think it proper to observe, That, in the stating of those Accounts, we found several Sums of Money due to the private Soldiers, amounting to above 2,500 /.; which having no Power to certify, we took care to distinguish to the- Paymaster, that he might retain the same for the further Direction of Parliament.

And that this Honourable House may not want any Observation we have been capable of making, we have prepared, and herewith offer, an Account of the several Sums of Money arising from Respites taken oft, and other

Allowances

13 W. III.

£5° — 26° Febraaril.

Allowances made by Warrants, siilce the loth of April 1700; contained in the Paper marked (C):

As also a Comparison of the Difference between the Arrears delivered into Parliament by the Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces, and those brought by him to us; and between those, and the Arrears certified for; as will appear, marked?D.)

After the Time for certifying was expired, hoping to have made a greater Progress in the remaining Accounts, 'we renewed, our Letters, Precepts, and Notices, to the several Colonels, Agents, and Governors of Garisons, whose Accounts were not then brought in, to lay the same before us; some of whom complying the rewith, their Accounts have been examined and stated by us; others have Wrought them so imperfect, that we could not examine knd state them, till they were amended by the Colonels or Agents; to whom they were given back for that Purpose, and are not yet returned; though we have not been wanting to exert all our Power for their Assistance, where the same was found requisite or desired; others have lately brought in their Accounts, which are now under Examination; and the rest, notwithstanding all the Notice given, have not yet brought in any; a List of all which is contained in the Paper marked (E.)

Navy.] The Result of the Inquiries which wre have been hitherto able to make into the Debt of his Majesty's Navy Royal, on the 31st of December 1700, we humbly present under the several Heads in the Paper marked (F.)

Transport] We have examined and stated the Accounts, brought before us, of the Principal Money due for Transport Service, which were not before adjusted and determined by Act of Parliament; and have issued out Debentures, for the said Debt, to all Persons u ho have applied to us for the same; and are ready to deliver out the rest, when the Persons concerned shall call for them; the slate of which Debt will appear in the Abstract marked (G.)

Prizes.] We have sent Precepts and Letters, and had several Conferences with, and Promises from, the present Commissioners for Prizes, to lay before us an Account of all Ships and Goods taken, and condemned as Prize, during the late War; notwithstanding which, we have not been able to this Day to obtain any sort of Return thereto: But that we may be found, as we hope, to have pursued the proper Methods for attaining the Ends of our Commission in this Affair, we humbly offer a Copy of our First Precept to them, marked (H.)

Nor could we supply their Defect by the Applications we made to several other Officers, so as to come to any Knowledge either of the true Number or Nature of Prizes taken, or of the Disposal of them, or any Part of their Proceed, whereby we might give any Satisfaction therein to this Honourable House.

To all which we humbly crave Leave to add an Account of the Sums of Money received from the Exchequer, and otherwise, by the respective Treasurers of his Majesty's Navy, Paymasters of his Armies, and Cashiers of the Ordnance, betw een the 13th of February 1688, and the 24th of December 1699, amounting to near Forty-two Millions; which will appear in the Paper marked (I); above one Half whereof has not yet been accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprests.

Tho. Morice, (S. L.)

S. Atkins, (S. L.)

Tho. Lister, (S. L.)

JVnu Farrer, S. L.)

Geo. Langton. (S. L.)

The other Papers to which the Report refers, with the Report also, are bound up with other Papers and Accounts of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report, or Account, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the said Report, and Accounts.

V ol 13.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Prrie3, and the said Commissioners of Accounts, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next

The House, according to Ofder, resolved itself into Supply* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Qpnyers took the Chair of the Committee,)

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to sit again*

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the said Report,^resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februariii I30 Guiielmi Tertii.

PRA YEltS.

A PETITION of Thomas Andrews Esquire, Was pre- Higham-sented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Ferris Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this pre- Electio, lu sent Parliament for the Borough of Higham-Ferris, in the County of Northampton, and ought to have been returned; but the Mayor of the said Borough hath unduly returned Thomas Ekins: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Captain Charles Cornwall, of Herrington, Weobly in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, Election, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wcobly, the Petitioner, Ilen/yThyn, John Birch Esquires, and Colonel Henry Cornwall, stood Candidates; at which Election the said Mr. Thyn, Mr. Byrch, and Colonel Cornwall, by Bribes, Entertainments, and other undue Means, procured the said Colonel Cornwall and Mr. Byrch to be elected and returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly chosen without any such Practices: And pray- ing the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections i And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Greenhill Esquire was presented to Newport the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner El*chon, was* duly chosen a Burgess, with the Lord Cults, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, alias Modena, in the Isle of Wight; and ought to have been returned; but Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, by notorious Bribery, and other undue Means, bath obtained himself to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 1 ith Day of March next.

The

Agmon-tfeubam Writ

Fees of Officers of the House.

35# ' $6° Februarii. 1700.

The Lord Chelne, being chosen Knight of the Shire the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the for the County of Bucks; and also a Burgess for the Bo- Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament rough of Agmondesham, in the said County; made his for the said Borough of Agmondesham, in the room of Election to serve for the County of Bucks. the said Lord Cheine<

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

The Table of Fees to the Officers of the House being laid before the House by the Clerk, according to Order,

the same are as follow; viz. £. s. dt

For Private Bills - - - *l3 ]3 4

Of which,

To Mr. Speaker - - - -.....* - - - ~ 5 0 0

To his Secretary - - - * - - * " 010 0

To the Clerk, for the several Readings - - - - 3*34

And for Breviating, Amendments, Interlocutory Orders and other Proceedings - - - 1 5 0

To the Serjeant - - - - 1 5

To the Clerk Assistant - - - loo

Chief Clerk without-doors, who receives the Monies, and pays the several Officers of the House - 0100

To the Two Doorkeepers .-.-. ----- -050

To the Housekeeper - - - - 050

For the Order of Commitment .--- ----- --068

For any Enacting Clause, the same as a Bill.

And where the Bill concerns a County or Counties, or Corporation or Corporations, or in such-like Cases which are called double Bills, double those Fees.

To the Speakers Secretary for every Warrant signed by the Speaker, for new Writs, Commitment,') 0 1Q Q Discharge, or Witness to attend -3

To the Clerk:

Swearing every Member without and within-doors, upon the Clerk of the Crown's Return, upon^ l finy Vacancy after the Sessions begun, and filing the Certificate, and entering in the Return Book -3 5

For the Teste, by Act of Parliament, at the Table ----- --- 010

For every Order, upon Motion or Petition, or Committee appointed in private Concerns, or Copies') 0 6 8 of them, or of Committees in public Matters, taken out by any Persons -j

For every Order of Commitment or Discharge of any Person - - - - 068

For Searches in the Journal - - - 068

For Copies of Petitions, Reports, or other Matters, out of the Journal, if under Ten Sheets - 068

If above Ten Sheets, per Sheet - ...--010

For Copies of Bills, per Sheet ----- ---010

But if to Members, only, per Sheet..... 004

For ingrossing Bills, per Press - - - - 0126

For every Hearing at the Bar, on each Side - - - 1134

And to the Clerk Assistant - - - 068

To the Clerk, for attending Committees of the whole House in private Concerns, or Grand Com-}

mktees ----- -.....- ° 15 4

And for preparing the Report, and Transcribing - - 0100

To the Clerk Assistant - - - - 068

For Orders of such Committees 050

For. reading a long Report at the Table, and entering in the Journal, in private Matters - - 0 10 0

And for a short Report..... ----- ..-068

To the Clerk, for swearing every Person at the Table to be naturalized.....0134

And to the Serjeant....., -.....0126

To the Clerk Assistant for reading a Petition - - - 020

To the Clerk of the Committee of Elections, for attending the hearing the Merits of the Cause - 0134

For drawing the Report - - - 068

Fair Copy for the Chairman - - - - 034

For each Exhibit - - - 020

For Examination of a Witness - - - - 026

For each Order of the Committee - - - - 050

To the Four Clerks without-doors, attending upon the Committees of this Honourable House:

For attending to adjourn a Committee on a private Bill or Petition - - - - 034

For attending a Sitting of the Committee upon such Bill or Petition - - - 0 6 8

For drawing and transcribing the Report for such Committee - 068

And, where the Bill or Petition concerns a County, Corporation, or Body of People, or in such-like . Cases, which pay double Fees to the House, double those Fees.

For a Summons for a Witness to attend a Committee.....---026

For examining a Witness, and taking the Consent of a Party to the Passing of a Bill - - 026

For every Deed, or other Exhibit, made use of before the Committee - - " - - - 020

The House-keeper's Fees:

For every private Committee - -- .- .- .- -..050

' For every Hearing at the Bar - ► - - - 0100

For every single Bill.....-.....050

For every double Bill - - - - 0100

For every Prisoner discharged by the House - - - 05 0

The Serjeant's Fees:

For taking a Knight into Custody -.....- - - - 500

For a Gentleman - 368

For every Day in Custody.....- - - - - 100

Thi* is so both in the Journal, and in the original Paper; but is evidently wrong: It should be " 14/."

For

13 W. III. 26° Februar 357

d.

For every Knight of the Shire, when sworn into the House - 0100

For every Burgess - 050*

For every Counsel pleading at the Bar, or elsewhere - . 0100

For bringing any Criminal to the Bar - -- 068

For Riding Charges, for every Mile - - - 00 6

To the Four Messengers:

For serving any Summons of the House 068

For serving the Orders of the Committees - - 026

For attending the Prisoners, per diem - - - 068

For keeping the Door at a private Committee 026

To the Two Door-keepers:

For an Attendance at the Bar - - - 076

For delivering Papers at the Door - - - - 050

Upon the Discharge of every Prisoner, to each - - - . - . - - - 026

Upon the swearing any Member on a new Return - - - 050

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the said Table of Fees; and that they report their Opinions therein to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dot ben, Mr Harcourt, Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Scobell, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Birch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Cook, Sir Humphry Maclavorth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

|jy, Mr. Conyers,‘ according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service for a Summer Guard for the Year 1701.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for maintaining the said Thirty thousand Men, Four Pounds per Man, per Month, be allowed, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thirty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service, for a Summer Guard for the Year 1701.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, for maintaining the said Thirty thousand Men, Four Pounds, per Man, per Month, be allowed, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

onion Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the room of Gilbert Heathcote, Esquire.

xebequer Ordered, That Mr. Lorrnds, Sir John Leccson Gower, Colonel Bye r ley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Herne, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Boyle, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Jeff ryes, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the several Contracts, relating to the circulating of Exchequer Bills.

imitation Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

Sucres- ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

MHif the Housej to consider of that Part of his Majesty's gracious Speech, which relates to the Succession.

Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their free Right of electing Burgesses to Parliament hath been invaded by Mr. Nathanael Gould, a mere Stranger in the said Borough; who, a few Days before the last Election, came down from London, and ordered the publick Crier of the said Borough to give Notice with his Bell, to all the Votesmen, to come to the King's Arms, to receive a Guinea a Man to drink Mr.

‘Gold's Health*; by which, and other corrupt Practices, be procured himself to be elected and* returned, most of the Votesmen having received a Guinea apiece: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday, the 15th Day of March next.

Mr. Lonmdes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly Exchequer called Exchequer Bills: And the same was received. Us*

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had ^directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee,

That they had directed him to move, That the Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, and of the Charge of the Extra Repairs of the Navy, for the Year 1701, may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, and of the Charge of the Extra Repairs of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Estimates be laid before this House by the Commissioners for executing the Office of,

Lord High Admiral of England.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

w Shore- A Petition of David Punnett and Henry Guilford, on unElection. behalf of themselves and several others of the Inhabitants of the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Vo*. 13.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4 Y

B'owyera*

Marriage

Settlement.

Killiow's

Estate.

Darwent Navigation.

Debtors Petition.

270 Februarii\ 1700.

Jovis, 27° die' Februarii I 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Pray £ rs*

AP E TITIO N of Sir John Bozvycr Baronet was pre* sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Father left some Debts upon the* Estate now come to the Petitioner; who is in Treaty for a Marriage with a Person of a considerable Fortune, which will overpay the t)ebts, and make the Petitioner easy in his Affairs; but that he cannot make a Settlement, being but Eighteen Years of Age: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting his Estate in Trustees, to enable him to make a Settlement, in r>rder to his Marriage, agreeable with the Fortune he shall have. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Leveson Gower and Mr. Palmes do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Christopher KilUam Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Father, being seised in Fee of several Lands, devised the same to Trustees, for 21 Years, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions and Maintenance for his younger Children; Remainder to the Petitioner and his Heirs, in Tail Male: That the said Estate is insufficient to perform the Uses of the Will: But the Petitioner, being desirous the same should be performed, has given new Securities for the said Debts and Legacies; and is willing, that another Estate, whereof he is seised in Fee, should be also sold with the aforesaid Lands, to pay the said Debts and Legacies, which will eat out the same, by incident Charges, and Interest, if not assisted by an Act of Parliament; the Petitioner being willing, that the Remainder of the

last said.....be settled, as an Equivalent, to such Uses

as are mentioned in the said Will: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the said several Lands, to pay Debts, and raise Portions and Maintenance, and for settling Lands according to the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Scobell and Mr. Fortescue do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mercers, Drapers, Grocers, and other the Traders, within the Borough of Malton; and several of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of several Towns nigh thereto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Malton is a great trading Market Town in Yorkshire, situate upon the River Darwent, which runs into the River Ouze, and is capable of being made navigable; and will thereby be a great Ease and Advantage to the Petitioners, and other neighbouring Towns; who now are forced, at very

?*eat Charges, to carry and re-carry their Goods many files by Land: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the River Darwent navigable, at the Charge of such Gentlemen as shall undertake the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Palmes and Sir John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, in the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the several Prisons and Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are in a miserable Condition, by reason of their long Confinement; and if not speedily relieved, must inevitably perish, and their Wives and Children come to the Parish: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for relieving the Petitioners from their Confinement.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in Ludgate is referred.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol D^ton of Rothwell, for the Honour of Pontefract, in the West Petill0D* Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are above 60 Prisoners for Debt in the said Gaol; who, with their Wives and Children, are, by their long Confinement, ruined, many of them being likely to perish, there being no Allowance for Prisoners; many of whom have been substantial Housekeepers, and might have paid their just Debts, had they had their Liberty; but are kept confined merely to gratify the Malice of some Creditors, who know the Petitioners have offered the utmost in their ] Power towards their Satisfaction, and have no Intent to > avoid Payment of their Debts: And praying, That some Relief may be found out for the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in Ludgate is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Corrupting prevent the Embracing and Corrupting of Juries: And Junes-that Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Birch, and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Freemen of the Borough of Li- Liverpool verpoole, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf of them- Election, selves, and several other Freemen of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Cleave Moor, Sir William Norris, and JVm. Clayton Esquire, stood Candidates; and Richard Norris Esquire, Brother to Sir William, and Mayor of the Corporation, and others, did, by Menaces, and other undue Practices, get several Votes for Sir William Norris, who would otherwise have voted for Sir Cleave Moore; and deterred others that would have voted for him, from voting at all; and the Mayor hath returned SirlVilliam, though he is in the East Indies; for which Reason the Petitioners are advised he is not capable of representing the said Borough in Parliament:

And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition , be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Burgesses of the Borough Wenbicy of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, was presented to Election, the House, and read; setting forth, That John Birch Esquire, by Bribery, and other indirect Means, hath procured himself to be chosen and returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Reproach and Scandal thereof: And praying,

That the House will declare the said Election of Mr.

Birch void; and take such further Order therein, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, being informed, That Mr. Evelyn, the Green* Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended, according to Hosptt-Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House an Abstract of his Account, as Treasurer to Greenwich Hospital.

And then withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read:

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

13 W, III.

2 7° Februarii.

An Account of the Receipts and Payments made by John Evelyn Esquire, as Treasurer* to

DEBTOR.

To Money received in the Year 1696, of the King, due at Christmas 1695 ' -To more, received by Subscriptions and Free Gifts, in the said Year 1696 -

To more, received in the Year 1697, of the King, due at Christmas 1696 -

To more, received by Money arising by Seamen's Wages, per 6d. per Month, in the said Year To more, received per Subscriptions, &c. for the said Year 1697

To more, received for Seamen's Wages in the Year 1698 - -

To more, received, per Subscriptions, &c. in the said Year 1698 - -

Several French Merchants fined by Parliament 19,500l. of which received in Money The rest in Million Lottery Tickets, payable in 12 Years.

To more, received per Seamen's Wages for the Year 1699 -

To more, received per Subscriptions, See. in the said Year 1699

To more, received in the said Year 1699, in Part of the said Tickets -

To more, received per Seamen's Wages, for the said Year 1700 -To more, received per Subscriptions, See. in the Year 1700 -

To more, received of the Trustees for Grcemvich Lottery Adventure -To more, received in 1700, in further Part of the said Tickets -To more, received for Seamens Wages, in Part for 1701

Received

The whole Six-pertces arising by Seamen s Wages for the Four Years, and Part of the Fifth') Year above-mentioned, amount to - - -3

Remains in the Treasurer's Custody, in Million Lottery Tickets, to be paid in Ten Years

Per Contra CREDITOR.

By Money paid, as appears by the Monthly Book, for the Works at Greenwich Hospital, and>

incident Charges in the Year 1697.....3

By Money paid, as per the Monthly Book ditto, in the Year 1697

By Money paid, as per the Monthly Book ditto, in 1698 -

By Money paid, as per the Monthly Book ditto, in the Year 1699 -

By Money paid, as per the Monthly Book ditto, in the Year 1700 -

359

Greeifivich Hospital;

i- s. d.

- 2,000 - 1,416 0 0

0 0

- 2,000 0 0

1697 3,334 i6 3

1,502 0 0

- 8,678 0 0

507 8 4

3,782 0 0

- 11,870 0 0

I,0t2 13 4

*. 1,142 0 0

17,230 6 3

268 15 0

600 0 0

‘ 1,142 0 0

2,200 0 0

£61,685 19 2

44,313 2 6

11,434 0 0

5,915 18 7r

8,971 10 41

",585 13 io|

19,614 9 8f

13,843 2 io|

£ 59,930 15 6

l. s. d. Receipts - - 61,685 19 2

Disbursements 59,930 15 6

To Balance £. 1,755 2 8

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hcs itals Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was re-

9 ferred to inquire into the Abuses in the Revenues of Hospitals, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

;0rkd Ordered, That the Charters, Assembly Books, and

Charters, Court Books, of the Corporation of Orford, be brought to the Clerk of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to be inspected by the Parties concerned, or their

; Agents; who may take Copies thereof, as they shall think fit.

Evelyn, Treasurer.

That a Sum, not exceeding Tw o hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be advanced upon the Credit of the First Aids that shall be granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament, be applied towards the Payment of the Arrears of Seamen's Wages.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum not exceeding 200,000l. Part of the Sum of 500,000l. to be advanced upon the Credit of the First Aids that shall be granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament, be applied towards the Payment of the Arrears of Seamens Wages.

:j

Book relating Ordered, That the Grants of such Charities as belong

to SlAlbans, to the Borough of St. Albans; and the several Books and Writings concerning the Distribution of the same; and also the several Books relating to the Freemen within the said Borough; be forthwith left, by such Persons as

have the same, with the Clerk of the Committee of Privi- leges and Elections, to be inspected by the Persons concerned, or their Agents; who may take Copies thereof, as they shall think fit.

fikpply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of die whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-j livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was

' read; and is as followeth; viz.

1 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

1 Vol. 13.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented Money to the House the Treasurer of the Navy's Account of abated and Money abated and paid for the Use of Greenwich Hos- Pald to.

r ft (irf»f nwtrfo

pital: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Hospital-

l- s. d.

To Money abated on Ships and Yard) _ ,

Books - - - j 7'°32 5 5

Paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich*) r

Hospital - - - \ o o

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order presented to the Deficiencies House an Account of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary oi ^arlia-Funds, since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as follow'eth; viz.

25 February

27° Februarii.

2.5 February 170*. Exchequer Bills. £ s

The Principal of all Exchequer Bills which were issued to amount to The Bills cancelled, being satisfied out of the Capitation Duties, besides) 10 4

Interest - - - "3 Ji 9

The Bills cancelled, upon the Act for One Shilling in the Pound upon)

Land, Anno 97, and the late Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, did, > 1,097,724 o o besides Interest, amount to - )

The Bills cancelled, being satisfied out of Loans or Money on the Three) 1r(>052 o o Shillings Aid Anno 1698, did, besides Interest, make - - - $ J 9

So the Principal, remaining upon the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied, is

Towards which there is now in the Exchequer of the-) said Funds - - - - -3

And the Arrears standing out of the Capitation, per EstiO mation - 3

Arrears of the said Twelve-pence in the Pound upon)

Land, per Estimation.....3

Arrears of the said late Aid of Three Shillings in the)

Pound, Anno 1698, per Estimation - - - 3

29

6,000

11

d.

8

4,000 o o 35,000 o o

45,029 11 8-j

So the Deficiency for Exchequer Bills, besides all Interest, due and to)

grow due, is.....- - - - )

Memorandum: By Clauses in the Acts for the said Bills, Page 132, and 531, this Deficiency was chargeable on any Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Memorandum also: There are some Arrears of the said late Tonage and Poundage still unrecovered; but they are liable to Debentures.

Aid of Three Shillings in the Pound.

There was borrowed upon the First Three Shillings Aid, payable Anno)

; 1697, at 8L per Cent. - -.....3 ,5 '

The Principal Money paid off is - - - - 1,076,901

So the Principal Money, resting due, is - -

Memorandum: There are Arrears standing out of this Aid, of about 8000l. and the Arrears of this Tax have been applied to Interest, as fast as they could be recovered.

Duties on Paper and Parchment.

There was granted, for Two Years ending 1st March 1698, and the Loans) thereupon, at 8 per Cent did amount to - - - - )

The said Duties have paid off, besides Interest ----- So the Principal, remaining unsatisfied upon these Duties, is

Malt Duties.

There were made forth in 10/. Tickets, bearing an Interest of a Farthing' a Day until the 25th March 1699; and a Half-peny a Day from thenceforth as many as amounted to 1,217,930/. and in Benefit Tickets bearing no Interest, the Sum of 45,810 /; in both -The Principal paid off upon the 10/. Tickets, besides Interest, hath) amounted to 650,000l.; and upon the Tickets 24,175/.; in both -

So there remains in Principal Money, upon the 10/. Tickets, 567,930/.)

and upon the Benefits, 21,635/.; in both.....3

To which, adding the Interest of the 10/. Tickets, at a Farthing a Day for-a Year and Three Quarters, from Midsummer 1697, to Lady-day 1699, amounting to 37,788/. u.; and the Interest of the same at a Halfpenv a Day, for Two Years more, until Lady-day 1701, amounting to 86,372 /. 13$. gd.y in both....

30,000

14,600

o 0

1,263,740 o o

674,175 o o 589,565 O o-

124,160 14 9

L

4,557

1,211

Total -5. d.

3,725 14 9

17

3

7,000 0

a

5

12,769 o 7

Towards which there is in ths Exchequer -In the Hands of the Paymaster of the said Tickets And to be answered by the Collectors of this Duty per)

Estimation.....)

Then the Deficiency of this Fund amounts to ——

Memorandum: By a Clause in the Malt Act, Pag. 453, this Deficiency was chargeable on the First Aid which should be granted after Michaelmas 1699.

Third Quarterly Poll.

The Sum borrowed on this Tax, which was payable in tht Year 1698,)

at 7/. per Cent, for the First 250,000l. and 8/. per Cent, for the Re-> 499,820 17 o mainder w as ——

Of which there has been repaid - - - - 270,050 o o

So that, besides all Interest due, and to grow due, towards which the Sum)

of 16,000l. per Estimation, may still be collected of Arrears, there rests, > - - *

to clear the Principal..... - - -)

A.. 1700.

£ s. d. 2,699,990 o 0

1,829,347 iQ 0

870,542 9 8

825,512 17 114

423,099 0 0

15,400 o 0

700,956 14 2

229,770 *7 0

Coffee,

13 W. III. 47 — 28° MruariL

C

Coffee, Tea, Hawkers, and Pedlars.

The Duties on Coffee and Tea are granted until May 1701; and those on Hawkers and Pedlari until 24th June 1701; to pay the Interest for the Irish Transport Debt 5 the Principal only of which Debt, being payable by the forfeited Estates in Ireland; there will be a deficiency to pay the Interest, unless the Lands be speedily sold, or those Duties continued.

Memorandum, That, by a Clausfe in the Act, for Sale of forfeited Irish Estates, Fol. 55. it is provided, That the Principal and Interest of the said Exchequer Bills, and of the Tallies and Orders on the First Three Shillings Aid i and of the said Duties oh Papeir and Parchment; and of the Tickets, called the Malt Tickets; and of the Tallies and Orders on the said Third Quarterly Poll; shall be takeri as Sterling Money, in purchasing the said Estates; but it does not yet appear how far the said Debts and Deficiencies will be lessened thereby.

Duttes on Leather;

These were granted for Three Years* which determined the 20th April 1706; and were"} appropriated to pay off 567,400/* which had been lent on the Coal Duties, Anno 1695; f and the Interest thereof; of which Principal Sum, there has been repaid but 60,262/.; Sof there remains a Deficiency, besides Interest due, and to grow due* of - -

Menmandum: It is enacted. Page 430. That if the Duties upon Leather fall short, the Deficiency shall be made good out of the next Aid, to be granted after the End of the said Three Years.

Third Three Shillings Aid*

There was borrowed on this Aid, which was payable in the Year 1699, the Sum of i;400*oooo/.' at 7/. per Cent, per Annum, Interest; and there has been since repaid, of the said Principal Sura, 1,351,864/. 12 s. 2d,: So remains, to complete the same, 48,135/. 7r* lors.; Towards k which, the Arrears standing out in the Hands of Receivers and Collectors, amount, per Estimation, to 23,306/.; And then the Deficiency of this Tax, unprovided for, besides Interest, will be.

361

04,438 o o

44,829 7 10

... t i

In all, Two Millions Seven hundred Twenty-four thousand Six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and") 0 n A nn Eleven Pence Three Farthings.....- 2,724,000

16 n|

tVmi Lowndes,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Then the House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Town and Port of fVinckelsea, in the County of Susses, upon the several Petitions of Robert Austen Esquire, and John Hayes Esquire.

And the Counsel were called in, both for the Petitioners, and for Thomas Newport Esquire, and Robert Bristow Esquire, the Sitting Members: And the Counsel were beard; and divers Witnesses were examined on both Sides.

And then, the Witnesses, and Counsel, withdrew.

And then the said Mr. Newport and Mr. Bristow were heard in their Places.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Thomas Newport Esquire is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Susses;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Robert Bristow Esquire, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Winchelsea;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Robert Austen Esquire is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Winchelsea;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That John Hayes Esquire is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Tow n and Port of Winchelsea;

It passed in the Negative.

Declared, That the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Winchelsea is a void Election.

Resolved, That John Dunmall, Agent of Robert Bri-stow Esquire, is guilty of Bribery in the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Winchelsea.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the said John Dunmall be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Mr. Edward Martyn, Mayor of the Town and Port of Winchelsea, is guilty of Threats, and indirect Practices, in order to procure an Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Winchelsea.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Edward Martin be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Warrant do issue this Session, for electing any Members to serve for the said Town and Port of Winchelsea.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to order, That the said Mr. Edward Martin be turned out of all Employments in his Majesty's Customs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Februarii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1700.

PraIters.

A BILL for renewing Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills, was read a Second time. Resolved\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Richard Nodes Gentleman was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage with Bridget, his now Wife, he did settle, and convey to Trustees, Lands and Tenements in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford\ in Part, as a Provision for his Wife and Children; and, for want

4 Z T of

Persons ordered into Custody for Bribery, &c.

Address for removing Person from Employ* meats.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Node

Estate.

8* Februa

A. 1700.

of Issue, to the Petitioner and his Heirs: That he hath as Prize, during the late War; and how the same, or the Issue a Son and a Daughter only; and is desirous to part Proceed thereof, hath or have been disposed of, in Order with the Premises; but cannot, because of the Childrens of Titpe successively, as the same were taken and con-infancy; that such Provision should be made thereout, demned: And, in order to the clearer Stating of this for his Wife and Children, as was intended by the said Matter, and the enabling us to lay the same before his Settlement; to which all Parties concerned are consenting: Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, we do hereby re-

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill quire you, in the making your Return to this our Precept, for Sale of the said Lands and Tenements; and for to observe and pursue the Method prescribed in the Five making Provision fqr his Wife apd Children. distinct Schemes herewith inclosed, numbered 1. 2. 3. 4.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- 5.: And we do also require you to exhibit to us a Book, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that wherein is to be contained Copies, to be attested upon Oath,

Mr. Freeman and Mr. Scobell do prepare, and bring in, of all the Patents, Commissions, Instructions, Orders,

the same. and Regulations, relating to your Office, since the Exist-

ence thereof; and another Book, containing the Copies, to Address for Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to his be in like manner attested, of all Warrants, Orders, or other appointing Majesty, by such MeipberB of this House as are of his Directions, for the Disposal of any of the said Prizes, and

Fast-day. Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council, That he will of all the Monies arising from diem, or any of the Goods

be pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for a Day of and Merchandizes taken in them, mentioned in the publick Fasting and Humiliation, to implore the Blessing Scheme, N® 4.: And we do furtiier require you to semi

of Almighty God upon the Consultations of this Par- us, in another Book, to be attested upon 'Oath, a List of liament; and for the Preservation of die Protestant the Names of all the Commissioners, and all other infe-Religion, and the publick Peace. rior Officers, at Home or Abroad, with the Date and

Determination of their Commissions or Warrants, in Suc-Commission- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the cession of Time, from the Commencement of the First ers of Ac- Report, or Account, from the Commissioners for taking, Commission for your Office, since the late War, to the

counts Report examining, and determining the Debts due to die Army, 24th of December 1699: and of the Names of those in

Prizes!'08 an^ for Transport Service; and also an Account of the being on that Day; with an Account of what Salaries, or

Prizes taken during the War: And that Part of the other Allowances, such Commissioners and Officers have

Report, or Account relating to Prizes; and also the Copy received from time to time, by what Warrants, and by

of the Pmoept seat by the said Commissioners of Accounts whom paid, in the Method directed in the Scheme, N* 5.;

to the Commissioners of Prizes; and the Scheme there- together with Copies of such Warrants, to be attested upon; were read: upon Oath: And we further require you to make a Re-

Which Precept is as followeth; viz.turn, at this Place, to this our Precept, on or before the By the Commissioners for putting in Execution the Act, 15th Day of June next: And, for so doing, This shall be

intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to your sufficient Warrant. Given under our Hands, at

take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the this 30th Day of May 1700.

Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also To and John Geo. Lavgton,

an Account of die Prizes token during the fete War. PascbaMLsquires, and others S.

We do, by virtue of the Power given to us by the said ffie Commissioners and Offi- Tho. Mor ice.

Act, require you to exhibit to us, upon Oath, an Ac- eers for Prizes; and to every Tho. Lister,

«ouut of all the Ships and Goods taken, and condemned of them. id/r<r.

The

Vol. 13.

w S

E5' S

rk.iL&S-i.Ce % ? jf:2 ? §r-e

o

o

N* 1.

The S CIIE M E to be observed in the Account, as to the Number and Nature of the Prizes, fltc.

Names of the!Of w'hat Place The Age, as) Where taken. Ships and Ves-!of the Enemies.1 near as may be. scls.

1 When. 1 Names of the Burden inTonsJ N* of Guns N* and Quality I Condition as to Whether Men

1 Ships and Cap- 1 built for. of Guns re-1 H'.dl, Furni- of War, Priva- i

1 tains, by whom ceived. ture, and Stores, teers, or Mer- 1

1 taken. L_ when received. chant Men.

Uv>

3

Pinks, Ketches,

&C.

N# ‘2.

The S C H E M E to be observed in the Account, as to the Disposal and Sale, &c.

Time of their I Where, or ini How disposed At what Place. Condemnation, w'hat Courts, I of; whether by condemned. 1 publick Sale, or otherwise.

Time when. 1 To whom. 1 For what Sum. How paid for, \ whether mTallies, Bank ov Exchequer Bills, or Money: I f in rullies, ixjam what Funds. When paid for.

N*

3-

The SCHEME to be observed in the Account, as to Goods and Merdumdizes taken, &c.

OO

o

The Names and! The Quantities. The Names oil The Times Quality of the I j Ships and Ves-jwhcn taken, or

Goods. I isels, in which!condemned.

they were taken.!

Places where sold or disposed of.

To whom.

Times when. 1 At what Rates.

Total Sum.

N* 4-

The SCHEME to be observed in the Account of all the Payments made, &c.

The Sum paid.

The Times of the Payments successively.

The Persons to(For what Ser-I

whom.

vice, and on what Account.

By whose Order.

Dates of the said Orders.

N-5.

The SCH E M E to be observed in the List of the Names of the Commissioners and ether 'Officers, &c

Names of the Commissioners, and other Officers.

Nature of the (Place of Resi-t Date of Com- When removed, Annual Sala- By w hat War- The Names -of 'Their Salaries j

Office. dence. missions, or or displaced. ries, or other rants such Sala- the Commis- at that Time. }

Warrants. Allowances. ries and Allow- sioners, and 1

ances were other Officers, j

made and paid. on the 24th of >

- December

1699.

OO

Os

Os>

§§ I

n» r> to.

Commission-«rs of Accounts Report respecting Prize*.

364

And the House being informed, that the Commissioners of Accounts, and Commissioners of Prizes, attended, according to Order; they were called in: And, they being at the Bar, the said Report, or Account, and Precept, and the Scheme, were again read to them.

And the Commissioners of Accounts delivered in an Account of their Proceedings with the Commissioners of the Prize Office, 'in relation to the Business of Prizes: which was also read; afc$l is as followeth; viz.

1700. As soon as wdflhad given Notices, and sent out our Precepts and Letters, to the Officers of the Army, as we were directed by the Act first to do; we entered upon that Part of our Duty which relates to the taking an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War, and of the Proceed thereof; and upon the 20th May, made Inquiry, who were the present Commissioners thereof.

Ma*2' A Precept was considered of, and prepared.

30. And sent away.

31. Delivered to Mr. Paschall, one of the Commissioners.

June 3d. Mr. Paschall, and Mr. Buckeridge, their Accountant, being called in; he acquainted the Board, That he had received their Precept of the 30th of May; and was come to shew, That they were not able, from the Books kept in their Office, or otherwise, to make a Re- . turn to several Particulars in the Schemes sent to them in the Precept: Which being called for, he instanced in Two or Three: To which he was told, That the Schemes were drawnuponan Expectation, that their Books aodAccounts were kept in good Order and Method; and then they must be enabled to do it; there being none of them demanded without good Reasons, some of which were shewn in the Debates of the Board with him: At least he said, They would comply as far, and as soon, as they could; and in a few Days, lay before the Board, in Writing, their Reasons why they could not comply with the Whole.

June 29th. Mr. Buckeridge came from the Commissioners for Prizes, and brought a Paper, which, he said, contained Reasons, why the Commissioners could not comply with some Part of the Precept, which they received from this Board: Upon which the Board told him, They thought the Precept, which they s^nt, very well grounded; and that it was the Business of their Office, to have kept their Books and Entries in such a Method, as to have been able to answer the same: But, since they could not, the said Paper w as returned him, with Directions, That, with the Return the said Commissioners do make, they signify under their Hands, That they are capable of sending nothing more.

July 2d. Mr. Brucer came to the Board from the Treasurer of the Prize Office, and desired to be informed, what was required of them by the Precept; acquainting the Board, That Mr. Buckeridge was able to have answered any thing that should be demanded of them, he having their Accounts in his Custody; as also, that Mr. Buckeridge always knew what Specie each Ship was sold for, whether Bank Notes, Exchequer Bills, or ready Money; and that the Treasurer, when any Sum was to be received, always had recourse to the Board, to know what they sold for, and in what Specie it was to be received; but that he did not say this, to shew any Unwillingness to obey the Precept: Upon w'hich he was directed to give Mr. Buckeridge Notice to come to the Board, and to attend at the same time himself, that they might receive the Instructions of the Board together.

12. Mr. Brucer, from the Treasurer of the Prize Office, laid before the Board a Specimen of their Accounts, to know whether it would answer Expectation: Which being perused, the Scheme sent by this Board was likewise looked over; and he was acquainted, That the Board expected, that the Return, to be made to the Precept, should be according to the Particulars of that Scheme; and recommended it to him, to consult with Mr. Buckeridge,\k\e Accountant to the said Office; so that the Whole might be answered accordingly: Which lie promised to do.

August 20th. Mr. Buckeridge ordered to attend.

AL 1700.

22. He did not attend afc directed.

September 4th. A Second Precept considered of, and prepared: Which here follows.

By the Commissioners, &c.

5th, Whereas by our Precept, bearing Date the 30th Day of May last, you were required to make a Return thereto, on or before the 13th of June, following; and have, at other times, upon your personal Attendances on this Board, been pressed to bring in the Accounts therein mentioned; which not being yet pomplied wnjfebfwe do hereby further require you to exhibit to u^afthis Place, a distinct and full Return to our former Precept, on or before the 12th Day of this Instant: And for so doing, This shall be your sufficient Warrant. Given under our Hands, at York Buildings, this 5th Day of September 1700. rr.F.&A.G.L.

To John Paschall, &c.

6th. Which was delivered to Mr. Paschall'$ Servant.

12th. No Return made, as was directed by this last Precept.

14. Mr. Buckeridge, from the Prize Office, came, and acquainted the Board, That Mr. Paschall not being in Town, was the Occasion that they did not attend the Board the 12th Instant, as the Precept directed; but that he had made some Progress in the Accounts, and they should be ready by Michaelmas: Upon which the Board told him, That it lay upon him to make all possible Dispatch; and that they should lake Notice of the Time limited by their Precept, and when the Return to the same was made.

16th. Mr. Paschallone of the Commissioners for Prizes, came and acquainted the Board, That he w as not in Town when the Precept from this Board came to their Office; but he was in Hopes, last time he had attended this Board, that it was agreed to give them till Michaelmas; which he now desired: That he had employed more Hands, and did not doubt but to be ready at that time: To which he was answered, That this Board had set a Time by their Precept, and never altered the same, nor designed so to do: That the Time drew' near for the Meeting of the Parliament, who would expect an Account from this Board of that Matter. Then he promised to bring what was ready done, to 9ee if the Board could receive and proceed upon it: But failing to do it, a Third Precept w as agreed on, and sent, as follows:

By, &c.

October 29th. Having received no Return to our Precept, notwithstanding the several Assurances you have given us, here, that your Accounts should long since be laid before us; we do hereby require a full Return to our former Precepts, on or before Friday the 1st of November next, or your Reasons in Writing, under your Hands, for your not complying the rewith. Given under our Hands, at York Buildings, this. 29th of October 1700.

S. A. G. L. TV. F. T\ L.

To John Parkhust, &c.

November 1st The following Letter was received from them in Answer thereto.

We, the Commissioners for Prizes, having received ail Order from you, to lay before you our Accounts in a Method you then prescribed; and we having promised it should he performed by Michaelmas Day last; this is humbly to give you our Reason why we have not performed our Promise. We have endeavoured, with all Diligence possible, to have complied with your Order; but having long before dismissed all our old Clerks, though we have taken the best we could meet withal, yet they have been so dilatory and negligent, and made so many Mistakes, that much of it is to tye done over again; by which means, we are become much behind hand in time: Now we are ready, as we are always willing, to lay before you our Accounts, in the Method they were kept by us; which if you think fit to accept of, your own Clerks will inform you of the Tediousness and Difficulty of such a Work put into a new Model: However, we shall not scruple our Pains; but, if you please to have Patience, we

28° Februarii.

Coo

13 W, III. a8° Februarii. — 1° 365

take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also, an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; hath been guilty of a Neglect of his Duty in the said Office, and of a Contempt of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said John Parkhurst Esquire be, for Members his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's committed to Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Tower# Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said John Paschall Esquire be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners of Prizes do, by Accounts of this Day Three Weeks, make up their Accounts, and Pr,zcs* transmit the same to the said Commissioners of Accounts, according to the Directions by them received from the said Commissioners of Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

shall, in a short Time, and with all the Expedition imaginable, lay them before you, perfected in the Method you have prescribed. We are

Your most humble Servants,

John Parkhurst, John Paschall. November lith. And, on the 11th, this Answer returned:

Gentlemen,

We are sorry your Clerks have been so dilatory and negligent, and made so many Mistakes, as you mention in your late Letter; and cannot guess, what sort of Method your Accounts should be kept in; that a Form prescribed by us, so essential, as we conceive, to the giving such Information to the Parliament, as we have Reason to believe they will expect from us, should create you so many Difficulties: For we ourselves are satisfied, without receiving any Information from our Clerks therein, That if the Accounts be kept in such a Method, as we doubt not Gentlemen of your Skill in Business would direct, there would be no other Tediousness or Difficulty, than the transcribing them into the Method we desired. Upon this Occasion, we cannot but observe to you, That more than Half the Time allowed us by Act of Parliament is now elapsed; and therefore we think ourselves obliged, again to press you for a Return to our Precept with all possible Expedition. We are, Gentlemen,

Your humble Servants,

‘ W.F.T.L.T.M.S.A. To the Commissioners for Prizes.

13th. And, on the 13th, the following Letter was received from Mr. Paschall:

Gentlemen,

I received yours of the 11 th Instant; and do assure you, all possible Care is, and shall be, taken to make a Return to your Precept: Which wilL be done with all imaginable Speed. I am, Gentlemen,

Your most humble Servant,

John Paschall.

December 5th. Mr. Buckeridge ordered to attend.

7. Mr. Buckeridge, of the Prize Office, attended; and was put in Mind how far the Time was elapsed, in which it was expected their Accounts should have been brought in; To which he said, lie had been very ill, otherwise they had been in great Forwardness; but that no Time should be lost; and he hoped they would be finished by Christmas.

Feb. 19th. The following Certificate w;as sent in a blank Cover to the Commissioners, &c.

I do hereby certify, That Mr. Buckeridge, who, I am informed, has been Accountant General to the Prize Office, is at present so very ill, that I look on him as unable to make up Accounts, which, he says, would have been completed in Three or Four Days; but still, I hope, that, in a Week's Time, he may be able to apply himself to Business, and to finish the before-mentioned Accounts.

Richard Blackmore.

And then the Commissioners of Prizes were heard.

And afterwards the Commissioners of Accounts, and Commissioners of Prizes, withdrew.

And John Parkhurst Esquire, a Member of this House, one of the Commissioners of Prizes, was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew. t«aore on Resolved, That John Parkhurst Esquire, one of the too of the Commissioners of the Prizes, having neglected to deliver Coinmis- jj the Accounts of the said Commissioners, as required by Meohers. Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also, an Account of the Prizes taken during the latq War; hath been guilty of a Neglect of his Duty in the said Office, and of a Contempt of the said Act.

Resolved, That John Paschall Esquire, one of the Commissioners of the Prizes, having neglected to deliver in the Accounts of the said Commissioners, as required by the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament, to Voju 13.

Sabbati, 1° die Martii;

13® Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

A P E T1TIO N of the Gentlemen, and other the most Woollen substantial Inhabitants, of the Towns and Parishes Manufac-of Milverton, Wellington, and Places adjacent, within tures* the County of Somersett, as well on the behalf of themselves, and many Hundred more of the like Quality, as of the Serge-weavers, and Worsted-weavers, in those Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Persons concerned in the said Callings are more numerous than any other; and many unskilful Persons, who, for a little Money, have just learned to weave, have not only brought a Discredit to the said Trade, but themselves and Families are become chargeable to their several Parishes, when their Masters turn them out of Employment, such Persons having never served Apprenticeships to the said Trade: And praying, That the House will redress their Grievances, in such Manner as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

Henry Portman Esquire, being chosen a Citizen for the Tauntoa City of Wells; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Writ. Taunton, in the County of Somersett; made his Election to serve for the City of Wells.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton, in the room of the said Henry Portman Esquire.

*1

A Petition of the Inhabitants within the respective Tower Parishes belonging to the Tower Hamlets, in the County oIam,!e^ , of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; m e 1,1 setting forth, That the said Hamlets abound very much with indigent Tradesmen, who are daily ruined, by being arrested, and thrown into Gaol, for inconsiderable Debts and Actions; whereby their Families become a Burden to their respective Parishes: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for a Court of Conscience, as it is in London, for the Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Taylor,

Sir Cha. Buncombe, Mr. Neville, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr.

Crow, Mr. Clark, Lord Wnu Powlett, Mr. Bridges,

5 A Colonel

1

3 66 i°

Colonel Stanley; Colonel Granville, Mr. Clayton, Sir Bloys, Mr. Owen, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Blojitld\ Mr. Williams, Sir /i/cA. Cocks, Mr. Soames9 Sir John Parsons, Mr England, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Buller, Mr. Byrch, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Ashurst, Sir Jeffry Jeffries, Sir Rithard Onslow, Mr. Fullei', Mr. Moun-stevens; and all that serve for the City of London, County of Sumy, and Borough of Southwark; and all of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the setting the Poor on Work; and for the providing for such as are not able to work: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Topham, Sir John Phillips, and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Persons, to inspect the Laws relating to the Poor: And that they do prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, for the Repeal of such of them as are proper so to be; and to reduce the Residue into one Law.

Grants from Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the the Crown. House an Account of all Grants since the 7th Day of December 1699:

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

April 1700.

A Grant unto Eduard Ambrose and Thomas Row, in Trust for Sir Thomas Cook, and John Cass Esquire, of the Shares belonging to Sir John Friend in the Phenix Brew -house, with the Stock in Trade, Debts, Household Goods, Linen, Plate, Jewels, and other Things, forfeited to his Majesty upon the Conviction of the said Sir John Friend: This in Consideration of 1,000l. paid into the Exchequer, and of 4,900l. due from Sir John to the said Sir Thomas Cook and Mr. Cass.

A Grant to the Earl of Carlisle, of all the personal Estate forfeited to his Majesty, by the Attainder of Sir John Fenwick, in Consideration of 500 /. paid by his Majesty's Direction; with a Clause, directing*his Lordship, after Payment of 500l. and 260/. which was owing to himself, to apply the Remainder, all Charges deducted, to Debts owing by the said Sir John Fenwick before his Attainder.

A Grant unto the Mayor and Churchwardens of Windsor, of 50/. per Annum out of the Exchequer, in lieu of Lands inclosed by his Majesty, liable to the publick Rates and Taxes.

May 1700.

A Grant unto George Hadley, and others, Trustees in a certain Deed of Conveyance, made by Sir Stephen Fox and Sir Edward Hungerj'ord, of the Manor of Farleigh, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Somersett and Wilts, of the legal Estate, which his Majesty has in the Premises by the Outlawry for Treason of John Caryll, w ho was another of the said Trustees.

A Grant and Confirmation unto Antony Sturt Esquire, and Daniel Akale, of the Shares which they had in Partnership with Sir John Friend, in the Phenix Brew house; which Shares were, in Strictness, supposed to be forfeited by the Attainder of the said Sir John.

June 1700.

A Grant unto John Worth, and others, of the Arrears of the Profits of the Havenors Office of the Duchy of Cornwall, from May 1696, to the 18th of August 1098, the Date of the Lease granted to them: This was done to rectify a Mistake in their Lease.

July 1700.

A Lease to the Earl of Jersey, of a Lodge, now in his Possession, in Hyde Park, with Gardens and Lands thereunto belonging, for 51 Years from the Date, at 13 4 d. per Annum Rent; with a Clause of Reassump-

tion on Payment of what hath been, or shall be, expended on the Premises.

A Lease to John Viscount Fitzharding, of the Buildings and Lodgings, now in his Possession, in St. James s Parke,

A. 1700.

for 50 Years from the Date, at 13 s. 4d. per Annum; with a like Clause of Reassumption.

A Grant unto Henry Louman and Mary his Wife, by Warrant under his Majesty's Sign Manual, of the Custody and Keeping of the Fields, and Pasture-grounds, within the Walls of his Majesty's Palace at Kensington, and the Herbage of the same, during Pleasure, without Account

October 1700. j

A Grant unto Nicolas Brady Doctor of Divinity, of an old Arrear of 2,572/. 2 s. 9id. remaining due to his Majesty from Sir Henry Brabant, and others, for the Rents of Excise Farms, which they held in 1665, and 1668.

December 1700.

A Grant unto Doctor Thomas Bray, of 2,242/. 8$. 4d. which Ralph Hollingshead Esquire stands indebted to his Majesty, as Receiver General for the County of Chester, in thje 30th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d:

The Money to be recovered is to be employed to erect Libraries in Maryland.

A private Seal, directing a Defalcation, or Abatement) to be made to the Farmers of the Lotteries, of 1,000l. j per Annum out of the Rent of their Farm, for the Remainder of their Term, which ends at Michaelmas 1703, in j Consideration of their Loss by the late Act for suppressing of Lotteries; which takes away all Lotteries, except that of the Royal Oak.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

1 i|

Mr. Lowndes also, according to Order, presented to Auditors 7 the House, the Auditors Fees for the Accounts of the Fees-Navy Forces and Ordnance: Navyand

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Ordnance -

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bur- CCOUnU* gesses, assembled in Parliament.

In Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, dated the 21 Instant; we do humbly lay before this House an Account of the Fees claimed by us, and allowed, for passing the annual Accounts hereafter mentioned: wherein we take Leave to set forth a short Scheme of the Method used by us, in examining and auditing the said Accounts; viz.

For auditing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, our Allowance is 25 /. for every Hundred thousand Pounds accounted for by the said Treasurer; which abates or increases, according to the annual Charge of the Navy.

The said Allowance was granted to the Auditors, by Letters of Privy Seal of the late King Charles the Second, dated the 24th of December 1678, grounded on a Report thereof, made by the Honourable Charles Bertie Esquire,

Sir Cha. Harbord Knight, and John Lawrence Esquire, to whom the Consideration thereof was referred by the Duke of Leeds, then Lord High Treasurer of England; and confirmed by Letters of Privy Seal of the late King James the 2d, dated the 23d December 1686.

In the examining and making up this Account for Declaration, we observe this Method; viz.

1st, We adjust the Charge, by transferring, and charging over all the Supers, from the Foot of the preceding Account, to the Account for the present Year.

2dly, We examine the Exchequer Charge, with an Imprest Certificate, signed by the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells.

3dly, We examine and cast all the Rates of old unserviceable Stores, sold by the Navy Board, and other Parts of the voluntary Charge, signed by the Commissioners of the Navy.

In the Discharge is contained, all the Bills for Stores of all Kinds, bought for the Use of the Navy, being entered at large, and the Quantities and Rates thereof particularly set forth; which are all examined and cast by us: The said Leiger-book likewise contains the Salaries of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, their Clerks, and others, attending the Business of the Navy in London, and the several Yards, together with the Wages of Ships

and

13 W. III. I. Mart367

and Yards; all of which we examine, and compare with former Accounts, to prevent double Allowances.

Lastly, We take care to set Insuper, at the Foot of the Account, all Persons who have had any Money Imprested to them for the Service of the Navy; and discharge the said Supers, when they have cleared their Accounts; which done, the said Leiger is reduced under proper Heads, and drawn up in the Form of an Exchequer Account; and, after that, Three times ingrossed for Declaration.

For the annual Accounts of the Forces, is allowed us, ... virtue of his late Majesty's Letters of Privy Seal, and several Warrants under his now Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, 20,?. for every Troop of Horse, and Company of Foot, with their Officers, which shall, from time to time, be mustered, and serving in his Majesty's Guards and Ga-risons, or otherwise, in his Majesty's Pay or Service.

In the stating, examining, and making up, of which Account for Declaration, we observe this Method; viz.

The Accountant's Leiger is signed only by himself; and therefore every Article of it to be vouched.

The Charge we compare with the Imprest-roll, and such other Authorities, by which any Money is issued to the Accountant.

The Discharge we compare with the several Muster-rolls, which are some Thousands, his Majesty's Warrants and Establishments; in examining whereof, besides the very great Trouble of computing the number of Officers and Soldiers in each Troop and Company, which are mustered at least Six times in a Year, we examine and compute each Man's different Pay with the Establishment; deduct all Respites, and compare the net Pay with his Majesty's Warrants, and the Acquittances of the Parties appointed to receive it: So that, besides the Trouble of computing each Man's Pay, and comparing it with the Establishments; there are few Articles in this Account, have less than Five Vouchers belonging to it, which are all examined: When the Account has been thus examined, it is then reduced under proper Heads, and drawn into the Form of an Exchequer Account, which is Three Times ingrossed for Declaration.

For the annual Accounts of the Treasurer, and Paymaster of the Ordnance, wherein is included the Accounts of the Armoury, and of the Tents and Toyls, our Allowance is 240/. per Annum; which has been annual y allowed by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury ever since the Year 1672: In the stating whereof, we examine the Quarter Books for Salaries of the principal Officers of the Ordnance, and their Clerks, of the several Store-keepers, Fire-workers, Gunners, Labourers, and others; and compare them with former Accounts, to prevent double Allowances: We likewise examine all Payments made upon Debentures, signed by the principal Officers of the Ordnance, for all Sorts of Stores relating to the Ordnance, for Workmanship, Repairs of Forts, &c. and cast the particular Rates therein; and take care, that the Payments be all duly executed; and, lastly, set Insuper, at the Foot of the Account, the several Persons that have had any Money imprested to them for the Service of the Ordnance, in order to their accounting for the same; and discharge the Supers standing out in former Years, and vacated in the present Year: And, when the Account has been thus examined, it is then reduced under proper Heads, and drawn into the Form of an Exchequer Account; and Three Times ingrossed for Declaration.

For Prizes, no Accounts have been brought to us; nor are any Allowances settled for taking those Accounts.

Herein we have humbly represented to this Honourable House a true Account of the Fees allowed to us for examining and auditing the Accounts before-mentioned; and humbly hope, your Honours will take into your Consideration the great Trouble, Care, and Trust, in the faithful Discharge of our Duties; as also, the great Charge we are at to our Deputies and Clerks, Rent of our Offices*, Taxes, Stationary Wares, and all other Incidents borne by us out of the said Allowances i Which considered, we humbly hope the Allowances made us will not appear unreasonable,

Vol. 13.

All which is humbly submitted to this Honourable

House.

» *t~. f.EiT'

Memorandum: The Right Honourable the Earl of Orford, late Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, has delivered into our Offices, Accounts to the last of December 1696; whereof the Tw?o first Years are declared; the 3d lies before Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer for Declaration; and the rest, being but newly brought to us, are under Examination.

The Right Honourable the Earl of Ranelagh, as Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces, his Accounts to the 31st of December 1690, are declared: His Account, to the 31st of March 1692, is before the Chancellor, for Declaration: And no other Account of that Office is before us.

The Honourable Charles Bertie Esquire, late Paymaster of the Ordnance, has accounted to the 30th of June 1697: All which Accounts are declared: And no subsequent Accounts of that Office are yet brought to us.

B. Bridges,

T. Done.

There is due, and claimed, for every intire Account declared at the Treasury, the Sum of Thirty Shillings; which, according to ancient Custom, is divided between the Secretary and his Clerks.

28 Feb. 1700. Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.'

Ordered, That all the Officers of his Majesty's Exche- Exchequer quer do lay before this House an Account of all Fees reclaimed by them, respectively, in the Execution of their Offices.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do, re- Navy and spectively, lay before this House the last Account, made Army up by them, of the Navy and Army. Accounts.

The House being informed of a Letter that was wrote Bramber dow n to Bramber, in the County of Sussex, to corrupt Election — the said Borough in the last Election of Members of £h*rge of Parliament there; Bnbery-

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine into the Matter of the said Letter; and report the same, to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Stringer, Mr. Townsend, Sir William EUis, Mr. Gulston, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Rayner,

Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Owen, Lord Powlet, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Topham, Mr. Anderton, Mr. Jcrvoise, Lord Fair-fax, Mr. Clark, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Scobe/l, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Moncton, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Arthington, Mr.

Thynn, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Echo. Seymour, Mr. Crow,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Hump. Mackworth, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir John Mordant,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Cook,

Mr. Bi'idges, Colonel Granville, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr.

Pelham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Worsley, Sir Jacob Ashley, Lord insolvent Disert, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, be added to the Committee, Debtors, to whom the Petition of Ludgate Prisoners is referred.

Ordered, That all Persons who have been Commis- Accounts sioners for Prizes, or have been Officers to them, be of Prizes, aiding and assisting to the present Commissioners of Prizes, in making up the Accounts required of the said Commissioners.

Alexander Pendarvis Esquire, being chosen a Burgess Saltash for the Borough of Penryn; and also, for the Borough of Writ. Saltash; in the County of Cornwall; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Penryn.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

electing

Publick Accountants.

Limitation and Succession of the Crown.

New Way to Lincoln's-inn Fields.

368 i° — 3 Ma

electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Saltash, in the room of the said Alexander Pendarvis Esquire.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual obliging all Persons that receive publick Money, to pass their Accounts with expedition: And that Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Chancellor of the Ex-, chequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty's gracious Speech which relates to the Succession, being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of his Majesty's said gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Limed) 3° die Martii;

13* Willielmi Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Cavendish Weedon Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the last Session, the Petitioner obtained an Act for making a new Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln s-inn-Jields, instead of the old Way by Jackanapes-lane; which he has completed for the Service of the Publick; for which the Petitioner borrowed^,000l. as, by the said Act, he had Liberty to do: But the said Act will be deficient above 1,000l. of raising the said 3,000l.; which will fall upon the Petitioner, unless relieved by the House: And

praying, That the Deficiencies of the Provisions for making the said Passage may be made good.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Shuckborough,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clark, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir John Wynn,

Mr. Gulston, Sir Wm. Fillers, Sir Robert Davers, Sir William Coriton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Harley, Mr. Moun-tague, Mr. Byrch, Mr. Jcroise, Sir Rickard Onslow, Sir John Phillips, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Holmes, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Tho.

Cock, Mr. Carter, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Mounsteven, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Cha. Pye, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller: and all that serve for London and Westminster; and all of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the gpeaker's Chambers.

Mr. Aylmer, from the Commissioners of the Navy, ac- Registe cording to Order, presented to the House an Account of $«amei \ the Monies expended in the Management of the Register Office; and of collecting the Six-pence per Mensem out of Seamen's Wages serving in Merchant Ships, for' Greenwich Hospital, so long as the same was managed by the said Office. -j

And the Title thereof was read: And the Account is as followeth; viz.

The Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, intrusted with the Management of the Register Office, and of the j

Sick and Wpunded, in Obedience to a Vote of the Ho-> i

nourable House of Commons of the 24th of February past, requiring an Account of the Money expended in the Management of the Register Office, do humbly represent That the said Office of Register was settled by Orders, r. from the Lords Commissioners for executing die Office of Lord High Admiral of England, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the 7th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Increase and " Encouragement of Seamen: And that the Expence in managing the said Office, and collecting Sixpence per Mensem for Greenwich Hospital, out of Seamen's Wages serving in Merchant Ships, according to the said Act, between the 25th March 1696, and the 16th of July 1699, at which time a Retrenchment was made of the said Charge, hath been as followeth; viz.

Salaries. £. s. d.

ToTwo Commissioners, at30o/. per Ann. each, joined to the Commissioners of the Navy employed therein 1,9 84 0 0

611 6 9

1,106 0 8

213 19 4

122 5 4

305 13 4

244 10 0

275 2 0

A Secretary, at 200l. per Annum

Seven Clerks; viz. One at 100l. One at 80/. One at 70/. and Three at 50/. each, per Annum A Door-keeper at 40/. and House-keeper at 30/. per Annum - -

A Porter and Messenger, at 20/. each, per Annum.....-

Receiver of the 6d. per Mensem at London, at 100l. per Annum ----- Comptroller of the said Receiver's Accounts, at 80/. per Annum -Two Clerks to the said Receiver, one at 50/. the other at 40/. per Annum -

An Officer employed at Gravesend to stop such Ships, whose Masters have not paid the 6d. per?

Mensem out of their Seamens Wages, at 30/. per Annum - - - - -3

Allowances.

To the Officers at the Out Ports, their Poundage for collecting the Six-pence per Mensem, and?

12 d. for each Man they register - - - - J '

House Rent.

For the Two Commissioners above-mentioned, at 50/. each per Annum -The Head Register Office at 80/. per Annum -

Contingencies.

Taxes, Repairs, fitting and furnishing the Head Office, and the Receivers Office, Printing, Stationers Ware, Allowance to Extra Clerks and Writers* the King's Duty for Stamps to Letters of Attorney given gratis to Seamen for impowering their Friends to register them, Fire,

Candle, Postage of Letters, &c....

At the Cinque Ports.

Salaries;

Three Commissioners, at 100l. per Annum each ——

A Secretary, at 100l. per Annum

Two Clerks, at 40/. per Annum each - - ~ -

A Messenger, at 16/. per Annum....

Eight Officers employed in registering and collecting the 6d. per Mensem, at the several Ports, at?

10/. each per Annum - g - - v

74 n 4

330

264

3,107

12 41

13 4

10 0

6 10

18 5 13 4 1.0 8 18 1

680

30.5

244

48

200 0 0

Hous«

i 3 W. III.

For the Head Office of the Cinque Ports

3° Martii.

House Rent.

3<*9

L s. d.

> 61 2 8

viz. 10,998 14 9*

From the said 16th of July 1699, when, by the said Retrenchment, the whole Business of the Register, and Sick and Wounded, was put into Management of the said Commissioners of the Navy only, to the 29th of September following, at which time a Second Retrenchment was made, the Expences were;

Salaries.

To Five Clerks, One at 100 L Two at 601, each, and Two at 50 /. each, per Annum -A Housekeeper, at 301.; Messenger, at 20/.; and Porter at 20 /. per Annum -A Receiver in London, at 100 /. per Annum -

Comptroller of the Receiver's Accounts, at 80 /. per Annum ——

Two Clerks to the said Receiver, One at 50 /. and One at 40 /. per Annum -The Officer at Gravesend for stopping Ships, at 30 /. per Annum - -

Allowances.

To the Officers at the Out Ports for registering Seamen, and collecting the Sixpence per Mensem -

House Rent.

For the Head Register Office, at 80/. per Annum -.....-

Contingencies.

Taxes, Repairs, Printing, Stationers Ware, Fire, Caudle, Post Letters, and other incident Charges

Total -

£ s. V d.

61 17 4

13 10 8

19 6 8

15 10 0

17 8 0

5 16 0

90 8 of

15 10 0

176 0 7

£415 7 3i

From the said 29th of September 1699, when the Charge of collecting the Six-pences for Greenwich Hospital, find other Expences relating thereto, were, by Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty, removed out of the Nav>£, and directed to be defrayed out of the Produce of the aforesaid Sixpences, to the 31st of December last, the Charge of the said Office of Register, and Sick and Wounded, hath been;

Salaries.

To Five Clerks, One at 100 L Two at 60 L and Two at 50 /. each, per Annum -

A Housekeeper, at 30/. a Messenger, at 20 /. and Porter at 20/. per Annum each Allowances.

To the Officers at the Out Ports for the registering Seamen - ....

House Rent.

For the Head Register Office, at 80 L per Annum -

Contingencies.

Taxes, Repairs, Printing, Stationers Ware, Fire, Candle, Postage of Letters, and other incident')

Charges

-i

I s. d.

402 10 0

80 0 0

20 9 0

100 0 0

345 11 10

Total

£.948 10 10

Abstract.

{:25th March 1696, and 16th July 1699 Between the < 16 July 1699, and 29th September 1699

(29 September 1699, and 31 December 1700 -

M. , John Hill,

B.

10,998 14 9

- 4*5 7 3

948 10 10

Total - £. 12,362 12 10

'tWi

IS

In,

w

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Scobell, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killiow Esquire; and for the raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his Father's Will: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Francis Roberts Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Tregoney; and also for the Borough of Bminey; in the County of Conm'all; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Tregoney.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bossiney, in the room of the said Francis Roberts Esquire.

Mr. Lyddell, from the Commissioners of the Navy, according to Order, presented to the House an Account Vol. 13.

of the Progress made in passing the Accounts of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy Royal, since the 13th Day of February 1688: And also,

An Abstract of the Defalcations for Slop-cloaths, dead Men's Cloaths, Tobbacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplains Groats, and Surgeons Two-pences, collected from such Ships and Yard Books, and such other Accounts thereof, as remain in the Office, from the 12th Day of July 1673, to the 27th Day of March 1699.

And the Titles thereof were read:

And the said Account and Abstract are as follow:

The said Account of what Progress is made in passing the said Accounts.

The Lord Falkland was Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, to the Third of April 1689; For which Time, all the Ships and Yard Books, paid by his Lordship, are made up and adjusted in order to be brought to Account; but the said Leiger is not yet brought to the Navy Board, to be examined and signed.

The Earl of Orford succeeded; and all his Lordship 8 Leigersare signed, and passed, by the Navy Board, from his Commencement, to the last of December 1 696.

The Credit Part of his Lordship's Leiger for the Year 1697, is also signed by the Navy Board; and his 5 B voluntary

Defalcations for Slop Cloaths.

37°

3° Martii A. 1700.

voluntary Charge, for that Year, is under Examination, and " ill be adjusted in a little time.

All the Bills paid by his Lordship in the Year 1698, are brought to Account in his Lordship's Leiger for that Year, and signed by the said Board; and all his Lordship's Pay Books for Ships and Yards, for the said Year, are made up and adjusted, to be brought to Account in the said Leiger.

And all the Ships and Yards Books paid by his Lordship in the Year 1699, to the End of his Lordship's Treasurership, are likewise made up, and adjusted, to be brought to Account in his Lordship's Leiger for that Year.

Sir Thomas Littleton succeeded the Earl of and aH the Ships and Yards Books paid by him, to the 31st of December last, are made up, adjusted, and signed, by the Navy Board, in order to be brought to Account in his Leiger: And they have likewise signed about one Third Part of his Leiger, for Bills paid within the aforesaid time.

11.

Cha. Sergison, Hummer,

John

Tho. Willshaw,

D. Lyddell, &c.

The said ABSTRACT of Defalcations for Slop-Cloaths, &c.

r«

co

Between what Time. — ----- - Slop Cloath?. Dead Men's Cloaths. Tobacco. 1 Chest at Chatham. Chaplains Groats. Surgeons Two-pences.

r Beginning. Ending. 3 £ £ s. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ d. £ s. d.

12 July - - - 1673. 31 December - - 1674. 50,832 3 3 000 0 0 0 13,426 13 10 8,295 15 4 4,578 11 7

1 January - - 1674. Ditto - - - 1675. 3,345 9 1 000 0 0 0 1,908 6 10 960 10 4 586 3 2

Ditto - - - 1675. Ditto - - 1676.1 3,601 17 2 47 19 i° 130 14 2 2,017 10 04 1,082 14 7 617 1 04-

Ditto - - 1676. Ditto - - - 1677. ' 1,690 11 3 77 7 4 278 15 1 1,978 9 6 1,093 6 0 688 7 94

Ditto - - '677. Ditto - - - 1678. 598 18 10 29 *3 4 3*3 12 3 1,221 18 n 735 3 9 . 453 5 ni

Ditto - - 1678. Ditto - - - 1679. 4,9*5 13 6 618 6 2 2,263 4 3 4,336 14 9i 2,695 16 7 1,402 12 94.

Ditto - m tv - 1679. Ditto - - 1680. 2,954 13 8 616 19 2 1,350 9 1 3,294 18 4 1,896 13 4 1,057 7 4

Ditto - - 1680. 24 J une m 1681. 716 13 10 49 11 0 179 17 5 1,284 14 3 665 12 6 890 1 6

25 June - > 1681. 29 September - 1682. 2,907 17 8 227 19 5 678 9 3 3,691 0 84- 2,138 6 9 1,253 5 5t

1 st October - 1682. 31 December m - 1683. 792 7 1 229 14 10 327 16 9 i,73V 0 3 1,073 4 10 536 12 5

1 January - ‘ - - 1683. Ditto - 1684. 1,790 3 0 386 14 2 555 9 10 2,778 5 3i 1,781 9 3 1,003 8 24J-

Ditto - - 1684. Ditto - - 1685. 912 11 10 273 16 2 302 17 6 2,257 10 8 1,401 14 4 79i 15 64-

Ditto - - - 1685. Ditto - - 1686. MU 7 3 3*4 11 2 916 8 8 2,525 7 8-i- 1,543 6 10 833 10 4t

Ditto - - - 1686. Ditto - - 1687. 298 4 6 378 14 6 252 10 6 1,660 17 5 956 5 0 502 6 9

Ditto - - ‘ - - 1687. 12 February m - 1688. 227 9 8 192 15 9 178 19 7 1,069 6 1 663 12 8 415 12 9

£ 76,695 16 7 3,444 2 10 7,728 4 5 j 45,183 2 10 26,981 12 1 15,610 8 8

oo

3

Note.That, the Navy Office being burnt down in the Beginning of the Year 1G73, and Defalcations from the Time preceding this Account.

most of the Accounts and Books, burnt or lost, no Collection can regularly be made of the Defalcations from the 13th of February 1688, to the 27th of March 1699.

— "

Beginning.

13 February 1 April -

1 January Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -

Between what Time.

1688.

1690.

1690.

1691.

1692.

1693. ‘694.

1695.

1696.

1697.

1698.

31st March 31 December Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto -

Ending.

Slop Clo; iiths. Dead Men's Cloaths. Tobacco. ( 2hest at Chatham. 1 Chaplains Groats. Surgeons Two* pences.

Y - £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 3. d. £ sd. £ d. £ s. d.

1690. 1,076 18 6 310 7 3 1,334 2 7 1,932 *4 5 1,238 11 71 1 733 11 7

- 1690. 3,250 17 1 594 15 5 2,198 2 5 6,452 17 64 4,179 2 3 1 2,223 15 in

- 1691. 6,709 8 10 i,45i 14 1 3,926 14 n 8,966 10 4il 5,706 0 11 1 3,051 1 n

- 1692. 7,645 6 11 1,519 10 3 4,177 19 3 8,834 O 74I 5,514 4 l \ 2,947 14 in

- 1693. 12,863 it 2 »,33i 10 10 5,335 10 9 18,210 18 11 1 7,798 19 0 1 .4,176 3 9

- 1694. 16,452 13 8 i,543 3 1 8,271 9 6 17,319 16 11 8,586 1 2 1 4,469 13 8

- 1695- 15,837 2 5 2,276 14 10 11,704 8 6 j 16,179 2 nil 8,080 15 7 \ 4,418 11 2-t

- 1696. 11,624 8 8 2,152 7 9 6,244 15 9 1 8,183 1 441 4,853 19 7 \ 2,623 hi

- 1697. 16,929 12 6 1,036 15 10 9,560 1 10 1 11,407 7 9 1 6,997 12 - 4 \ 3,626 w 10

- 1698. 23,995 18 1 3,i7i 10 4 11,063 18 10 1 14,853 13 64I 8,704 19 9 \ 4,702 12 n

- 1699. 3,357 5 0 795 6 10 2,280 8 2 \ 3,673 7 44\ 1,840 4 3 \ 920 2 n

£ H9,743 2 IO 16,184 16 6 66,097 12; 6 1116,013 11 94] t 63,536 IO 6 \ 33,893 0 4

372 5° Martii. 1700.

AWe, That this Account Contains the Defalcations made upon the Books of Ships and Yards, paid before the Vote of the Honourable House of Commons of the 27th of March 1699.

Navy Office, 3d March 1700.

This is a Copy of the Account of Defalcations presented to the Honourable House of Commons the 5th of March 1699; since which, all the Sea Books for the late Treasurers time, which were not then made up, having been since made up, and adjusted, it appears;

Slop Cloaths. Dead Men'd Cloaihs. Tobacco. Chest at Chatham. Chaplains Groats. Surgeons T wo-pences.

There is to be } £ d. £. C s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

added - - j 544 3 7 4 3 5 297 17 7 1,905 8 4 304 17 1 503 6 3

So that the To-) tals now arej 1 1.20,287 6 5 16,228 2 2 66,395 10 i 117,919 0 8$ 63.841 7 7 34,396 6 71

R. Haddock,

Hummer,

Sotheme,

D. Lyddell Cha. Sergison, Tho. JViUshaw, John Hill.

Ordered, That the said Account and Abstract do lie the House an Account of all Money received and paid Naval R«. upon the Table, to be perused by ... Members of the by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, between the 29th ceiptsand House. Day of May 1699, and the 24th Day of February 1700.

And the Title thereof was read:

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented to And the said Account is as followeth:

J

I M /

w

O

o

An ACCOUNT of all Money, &c. received and paid by the Honourable Sir Thomas Littleton Baronet, Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, from the 29th of May 1699, the Date

of his Patent, to the 44th of February 1700-1; viz.

o

r

to

For the Navy.

Dr.

£ d.

SFor Wage, ..... 436,918 o o

F°of*ee &£ "d C°"rS!l 4

For the Yards' - - -139,316 o 0

Ljtcnequer.....jFor the Sick and Wounded

of the

j£* d.

To ditto received out of ditto 100

To ditto of Lord Ranelagh 14,249 16 oi^For the Marines -To ditto of Lord Oxford -

To ditto received of several")

21,400 o o For Bounty-money to the Officers') , Q

fleet l8>000 ® o

V

100 o o 1 4,249 16 0|>I

1,123 9 6 )

tA

C

Persons -3

To ditto received of the-) Earl of Oxford - -$

- For Stores sold, &c. - -

- For Medals, &c.

15,473 5 6i

35i 1 0

- 6,036 15 10 918,280 7 3*

By Money paid to several Persons -

For the Navy.

For Wages - For the Ordinary, &c.

For the Yards For the Sick and Wounded For Bounty-money

For the Marines

Out of Stores sold, &c. -Out of the Money for Medals, &c.

Cr.

L *

- 432,882 11 if

- 232,792 12 ii

- »39,°34 13 7

14,936 11 1

10,938 0 6

Balance remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the several Heads.

£. S. d.

4,030 8 lot 47,972 12 9!

301 6 5

' 6,463 8 ioi 7,061 19 6

15,473 5

320 5 9

240 5 o

000

30 15 3 5,796 10 10

For the Victualling.

- 52,440 0 o

rFor Bills in Course I For short Allow-1

To Money, &c. received out of his Majesty's) ance Bills of >38,000 o o Exchequer - - - - Exchequer, &c.S

|For Interest of) , ,,,

I Tallies - -j 3' 73 141,3*5 5 6

To ditto received of my Lord Oxford To ditto received of several Persons -

846,618 4

For the Victualling.

By Money paid to C For Bills in Course - - 52,435

several Persons - ( For the Victualling in general - 65,625

71,662 2

S§*

ST 71

r-

45 3

75,70b 2 9

£.964,679 2 2 \ 147,36610 7

For the Victual-) c,

1 ling in general >99* ^3

Tho. Littl.

- For Stores sold - 1,208 14 10]

£.1,112,045 12 9i

O

o

eg.

rT

V>4

3?4 3 Marts. A.Moo.

Ordered That the said Ac. aunt do lie upon the Table, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That

to be temsed bl the Members of the House. the Petitioners are many in Number; who, through losses

to be perused oy me an(j other Misfortunes, have suffered long Imprisonment,

Kina's Bench A Bill for reflating the Prisons of the King's Bench and must inevitably starve, if not relieved by some Bill

and fleet and Fleet was according to Order, read a Second time. to P*fs mt0 I*" t{ieir Enlargement. And praying

Prisons. th* Rill rnmm ittrAtn Mr. Carter. the Compassion of the House therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in Ludgate is referred;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townsend, Mr. Gulslon, Sir Justin, Sir Rick.

Cocks, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. Fortescue, Sir JFm. Fillers, Sir Davers, Mr. service, Mr. H Mr. Walcott, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Phillips, Sir' Fra. Child, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Yates, Sir John Kaye, Mr.

Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr Gorges, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Byrch,

Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed to take, Respites on

Mr. Eyre, Sir Tho. May, Mr. Sayer, Sir Edit). Hunger- examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, Musters.

a mf m ~ wy lilt M rl V/vM I MA % r % W t a a area rl I *+ /v a m A a X 4

ford, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hoblyn; and all the

Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they -are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Lcnthall Esquire, which lies upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; do lay before this House the Warrants by which the Respits on the Musters of the several Regiments of the Army were taken off.

Answers to Address.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to Supply Bill; the House a Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Resumption Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and ap- of GranU* their Address having been presented to his Majesty, for Pv®6 sa^e to the Use of the Publick: And the the issuing his Royal Proclamation for a Day of publick received.

Fasting and Humiliation; his Majesty had been pleased r> was First time.

to give Order for a Draught to be made of a Proclamation v That the Bill be read a Second time upon

for that Purpose, to be settled in Council upon Thursday Etiday Morning next.

next

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Allen Scrivener, and Mr. Charge of Glover, do attend this House, upon the Eleventh of Bribery March instant, when the Charge against Mr. Shepheard is to be heard. ivf-ILko.

Charge of Bribery against Mr. Shepheard, a Member.

Debtors Petition.

Mr. Secretary Vernon also acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would please to order, That Mr. Edward Martyn, Mayor of Winchelsea, may be turned out of all Employ-

ments in his Majesty's Customs; his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard be heard by his Counsel, upon the Charge against him, upon the Eleventh Day of March instant.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Duchy of Lancaster do lay before this House an Account of all Grants in the said Duchy, since the 7th Day of December 1699.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, in his Majesty's Gaol for the County of Gloucester, was

Member.

Sir George Rook, from the Commissioners for execute- Navy

ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, ac- Estimate, cording to Order, presented to the House an Abstract of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1701:

And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Extra Works proposed to be performed at his Majesty's several Yards in the Year 1701.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Abstract and Estimate are as follow; viz.

The said ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1701. 1 Lords of the Admiralty, Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks,7

and Instruments; Rents of the Offices, and Contingencies relating the reunto, &c. 2 Pensions to the superannuated Officers, and to the Widows of others

-J

Chatham -Deptford -s Woolwich -Portsmouth Sheernesse -Plymouth -

3,247

2,836

2,273

3,286

L5.57

2,162

s.

o

8

18 16

19 18

d.

6

10 8

3

11 11

25,303

11,968

17

15

d.

8

2

o

o

9 Muster-masters, and other Officers of Out Ports - -

10 Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

11 Victualling for the Officers and Men serving therein - - " " *

12 Charge of Harbour-moorings - ", ," " " " " on

13 Ordinary Repairs for the Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs Store-houses, &c.

14 Allowances to Sea Officers on Shore, whilst out of Employment, according to an Establish-

15 Chmge°of the Offictf for registering Seamen, and taking care of the Sick and Wounded -

The total Sum is - - 219,275 7 3

15,365 3 i,374 o 28,177 6 ',273 39,52i

38,257

1

o

5

6 o o

fey

18,113

28,922

--it1

J. Bridgwater, JIaversham,

G. Rooke,

D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill.

The

01

P

I*

fi

it

ct

0.

hat

nt,

!il!

'g

e

R«spit«(4

;i»: 3fc

4eirci

lifcf.

;aie>

13 W. III.

Martii.

375

The said Estimate of the Charge of the Extra Works to be performed at his Majesty's several Yards in the

C

500

s.

0

d

o

Year 1701.

For carrying on the Works of his Majesty's Ships under Repair and Rebuilding; finishing such' as can be finished; and taking in hand as many of the other Ships, wanting Rebuilding, or{ Extra Repairs, as can be taken in hand; and completing their Rigging, Ground Tackle, andj Stores ——

At Deptford

For rebuilding the Master Shipwright's House, which is ready to tumble down

For making a single diy Dock, of about 190 Feet long, and 53 Feet wide at the)

Gates - -- -J

TVoolzvich.

For enlarging the single Dock to render it capable to receive a First Rate -

Chatham.

For rebuilding a new Boat-house, or Houses, on the West Side of the Mast--) dock, for Preservation of Boats for the Ships that lie up there - - -y

For removing the remaining Part of the Bank against the lower Dock, for Deep-}

of the River ----- --- - -J*

5,000 o o

1,120 o o

emng 1

o o

Portsmouth.

For rebuilding a Jetty Wharf on the North Side of the Yard - - - 2,300

For enlarging the Mast-dock for the better Preservation of Masts from Decay 5,871 For building the Sheds to contain Boats behind the Boat-houses, for the I better preserving them from Decay - - - -}

For taking down the old Mast-house, which is ready to fall; and, erecting, ini its room, a convenient House for the Joiners and Sail-makers to work in; and>

for a Mould-loft ;ail which are much wanted.....)

For erecting a Wall round the said Yard, of 3,114 Feet in Length, and 16i Feet in Height, to be of Stone or Brick; and for levelling the Banks for > that Purpose, in case it be thought fit to have it done - - *)

O

0

o

o

992

2,429

o 0

o o

3,774 0 o

Plymouth.

wanted t ~~I " T ' ‘f* °* T' "f J-] >.5*3

For Setting up a Jetty-head and Six new Saw-houses - - - 823

For lengthening the Plank-yard towards the Water-side, and setting up Four-) new Houses, with a Shed lor the Stowage of Planks, &c. -

For building a new Store-house on the North Side of the Yard, which is greatly

2 Go

0

o

o

o

o

o

London.

For repairing the Victualling Office, which is very much gone to Decay, and, ) ready to drop down ----- --- -J

945

The total Sum is

o o

s. d.

120,000 o 9

5,500

990

0 0

o o

3,120 o o

15,336 O 0

2,606 0 o

- £ 148,497 o

J. Br,

Havcrsham,

G. Rooke,

D. M

Geo. Churchill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstract, and Estimate, be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

I Accounts Ordered, That such of the Treasurers and Paymasters . from Army of the Navy, and Army, and Ordnance, as have not 1 ud Navy yet said before this House the Abstracts of all Monies Treasuren. come to their Hands, since the Fifth Day of November 1688, and how the same hath been expended, and what remains in their Hands, and for what Uses, pursuant to the Order of the 24th of February last, do lay the same before this House by this Day Fortnight.

Account* of Ordered \That an Account be laid before this House, Prut*. of all Prizes taken in the during the late

War; and the Produce thereof; and how the same have been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of all Prizes taken by the several Packet Boats; and the Produce thereof; and how the same have been disposed of.

Ordered, That there be an Account laid before this House, of all Prizes taken during the late War; and how the same have been disposed of by the respective Persons concerned therein.

Vox.. 13.

Mr.Cowyer#,according to Order, reported from theCom- Limitation mittee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to con- and Succes-siderof that Partof His Majesty's gracious Speech, which sion of the relates to the Succession, the Resolutions which they had ^rown‘ directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the preserving the Peace and Happiness of this Kingdom, and the Security of the Protestant Religion, it is absolutely necessary, a further Declaration be made of the Limitation and Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, after his Majesty and the Princess, and the Heirs of their Bodies, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That further Provision be made for Security of the Rights and Liberties of the People.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, after " Religion," these Words, " by Law " established

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, for the preserving the Peace and Happiness of this Kingdom, and the

v

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Committees.

Deale Waterworks.

Woollen Manufactures.

37 6 30 — 40

the Security of the Protestant Religion by Law established, it is absolutely necessary, a further Declaration be made of the Limitation and Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, after his Majesty and the Princess, and the Heirs of his Bodies, respectively.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, after " be," the Word "first:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That further Provision be first made for Security of the Rights and Liberties of the People.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Succession.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A. 1700.

Persons from exercising the said Trades, who have not served Apprenticeships thereto, as a Means to restore and support the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That Mr. Schackerly, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. t<»wW Godolphin, Mr. Carr, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. White, be Hafoleu added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Small1 Inhabitants of the Tower Hamlets is referred.

Colonel Stringer reported from the Committee ap- Chargei pointed to examine into the Matter of a Letter wrote BrI,*7 down to Bramber, to endeavour to corrupt the said Borough, in the late Election of Members of Parliament there, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Power to inquire into any other Letters, sent to the said Borough, of the same Nature.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to inquire into any other Letters, of the same Nature, sent to the said Borough.

Ordered, That Major Morgan have Leave to go into Leaven the Country, for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Abs€ace Health.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 4° die Martii;

12° Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

A PETITION of William Ryder Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the late King James the 2d, by Letters Patents, did grant unto Edward Burdet Esquire, and the Petitioner, the sole Power and Liberty to erect a Conduit-head, and other Buildings upon the Beach of New Deale; and to dig open the Highways, Streets, and waste Grounds, for laying Pipes, and bringing fresh Water to the said Town: The Interest of which Patent is also, by Mortgage, vested in the Petitioner; who hath been at Expence to Engineers, to view and contrive how to effect the said Work; which will be a great Advantage to the Town, and all Shipping coming to the , Downes; but the same cannot be performed without breaking up some Grounds belonging to private Persons: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to proceed in so good and necessary an Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Marquis of Hartington, and Sir Robert Davers, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Serge and Worsted-weavers, or other Woollen-weavers, living in or near the Town of Creditor1, in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Woollen Manufacture; and also, of the Gentlemen and others inhabiting in or nigh the said Town and Parish; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a great Number of poor People are solely subsisted by Employment in the said Manufactures; which are come to great Discredit abroad, by reason that Persons exercise the said Trades, who never served their Apprenticeships thereto; and, if not speedily remedied, the Loss of the said Trades may be endangered, the same being thereby much decayed, and the N umber of the Poor increased: And praying, That Care may be taken to prevent

A Petition of William Horton Esquire, and Samud Rams<M Treaplaud Doctor of Physick, Trustees to Thomas Ranisden ^Statt Esquire, deceased, and of Samuel Ramsden Gentleman, Brother of the said Tho. Ramesden; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth: That the said Thomas Ramsden died about 29th January 1697, leaving an Infant Heir, and an Estate of about 700l. per Annum, charged with Two Jointures, and about 5,000l. Debts; by his Will, directing his said Trustees by Mortgage, to raise Money to pay his Debts; but they cannot find any Person to lend such a Sum on the Security of the Estate, by reason of the Jointures; and Infancy of the Heir, about Four Years of Age; so that it is conceived most for the Heir's Advantage by the Petitioners, and all his Relations, to have some Part of the Estate sold to discharge the said Debts, which otherwise will eat out the whole Estate; but the same, by reason of the said Infancy, cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of such Part of the said Estate, as will raise Money to satisfy the said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Conyers, and Sir John Kay, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed, That the Auditors of the Navy ad Imprest attended, according to Order; Anny

They were called in; and at the Bar, presented to Acc0UDti the House the last Accounts made up relating to the Navy and Army.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Conant Doctor of Laws was pre- Northan sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That atton^lec the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, in the room of William Thursby Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner and Mr. Andrews stood Candidates; and that Mr. Andrews, by Bribes, Promises, and Entertainments, hath procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And

13 W. III. 4 — 5°

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

" Supply Bill; The I louse, according to Order, resolved itself into a " Exchequer Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re- newing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer 1 Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That, they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Petition Mr. Secretary Vernon presented to the House Copies liut). of several Treaties, and Translations thereof.

And the Schedule or List of them was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1. A Copy of the French King's Ratification of the . Treaty of Partition.

2. The Translation of the same.

3. A Copy of the Ratification of the separate Article.

4. The Translation of the same.

5. A Copy of the Ratification of the secret Article.

6. A Translation of the same.

7. A Copy of the French King's Declaration upon the Treaty of Partition.

8. A Translation of the same.

1 9. A Copy of the Dauphin's Declaration upon the said Treaty.

>0. A Translation of the Dauphin's Declaration.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which tiiey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a C ommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 5° die Martii;

13° Wiilielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

Anny A PETITION of divers Innkeepers, and others,

Altars. jTjl Traders in the City of Coventry, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Troop of Horse, commanded by Colonel Roger Pope, of the Earl of Arran's Regiment, were, for about Two Years, quartered in the said City; from whence, about April last, they were Vol. 13.

Martii. 377

removed into Ireland, without paying several considerable Sums, due to the Petitioners for Quarters, and other Necessaries: And praying Relief touching the same.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners appointed to take, examine and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also, an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and state the Fact to this House.

A Petition of divers Traders in and about CovenC King's Bench Garden was presented to the House, and read; setting p"fs^et forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the many r s Difficulties Trade lies under, by the ill Practices of the Kings-Bejich and Fleet Prisons; which is become a mere Licensing Office to all fraudulent Dealers; whereby all the Laws in being, to confine any Person, are insignificant; which manifestly tends to the Ruin of all personal Credit: That this House, the last Session, came to several good Resolutions for remedying those Abuses; but, by reason of the many Prorogations, did not perfect the same:

And praying, That some Methods may be found out for the redressing of the said Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet is committed: And that Mr. Colt, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Knowles, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bucknall, Mr. Crocker, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Treasurer or Receiver to the Com- Account of missioners of Prizes, do lay before this House an Prlzes* Account, in general, of what he has received; and a particular distinct Account of what he has paid, and to whom, by what Orders, and for wiiat Service, since he first came into that Office.

The House being informed, That Mr. Atkins, one of Respite of the Commissioners of Accounts, attended; Musters.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, according to Order, Copies of the Warrants for Respite on the Musters of the several Regiments of the Army.

And then he withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

They are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Justices of next, take into Consideration what has been done, in Peace, &c. pursuance of his Majesty's most gracious Answer to the Address of this House, the last Session of Parliament, in relation to Justices of Peace and the Lieutenancy.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to Vaughan's the House a Bill for the Confirmation and Performance of Marriage the Articles made for the Marriage of William Vaughan Articles* and Frances Vaughan, Infants: And the same was ' received.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Exchequer renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exche: 1 s*

quer Bills, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s' Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty

378 5 ° — 6° Martii. 1700.

Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1701, exclusive of the Charge for registering Seamen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy, for the Year 1701.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Dore's, &c» A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Dore, Captain John Petition. Foulkej Captain Edward Rigby, Captain Joseph Hargrave, Captain Medburne Smith, and Captain Griffith May, late of the Regiment of Foot commanded by Colonel John Gibson, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and state the Fact to this House.

Commissions Ordered, That an humble Address be presented to his of Ll?u?~ Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his nancj, c. Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to direct, That a List may be laid before this House, of such Persons as are in the Commissions of Lieutenancy in the several Counties, and of the Alterations that have been made therein, pursuant to his Majesty's gracious Answer to the Address of this House, the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster do lay before this House a List of the Justices of Peace in the said County Palatine.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of all the Justices of the Peace in the other respective Counties of England and Wales.

Ordered, That the said List be laid before this House, by the Clerk of the Crown.

Limitation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a slon of^c* ^omm^tee of the whole House, to consider further of Crown. that Part his Majesty's gracious Speech which relates to the Succession.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's gracious Speech which relates to the Succession.

sented to the House a Bill for vesting the Estate of Sir Bowyen John Lawyer Baronet in Trustees, to enable him to Marriage make a Settlement, in order to his Marriage: And the SetlemeDt‘ same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Thomas Stringer Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for Bramber the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster; "nl* and also- a Burgess for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Clitheroe*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber, in the room of the said Thomas Stringer Esquire.

Sir Christopher Musgt'ave Baronet, being chosen a Oxford Burgess for the University of Oxford; and also a Knight Writ, of the Shire for the County of Westmoreland; made his Election to serve for the said County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgessto serve in this present Parliament for the said University of Oxford, in the room of the said Sir Christopher Musgrave Baronet.

Ordered, That Mr. Dore and Mr. Rigby have Leave Members to attend the Lords, as Witnesses, if they think fit, in a have bwe Matter before the Lords. !° *!tend

An ingrossed Bill for renewing the Bills of Credit, Supply Bill; commonly called Exchequer Bills, was read the Third j^he(lutr

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Hedges presented to the House, ac- Treaties, cording to Order, Copies of several Treaties.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That there was a Person jrish For. attended, from the Trustees for the Sale of the forfeited feiture*. Estates in Ireland;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Trustees to attend this House, with a Report of their Proceedings in their Commissions: And he presented the same to the House, under their Hands and Seals.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consi* deration upon Saturday next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviSj 6° die Martii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

Vaughan's A BILL to enable William Vaughan Esquire, and Manriage Frances Vaughan, his intended Wife, being both

Articles. under the Age of Twenty-one Years, to perform Articles made for their Marriage, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Lexeson Gower, according to Order, pre-

The House being informed, That the Auditor of the Grants fa® Duchy of Lancaster attended; the Crows.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Grants in his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster since the 17th of December 1699.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

1699. December 5th.

A Patent to John Haynes junior, Gentleman, of the Office of Clerk of the Markets, within the Honour of Tutbury, in the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, and Warwick, quam diuse bene gesset'it.

Ult' Februarii.

A Patent to Francis Wyndham Esquire, of the Office of Steward of his Majesty's Courts, within his Majesty's said Duchy, in the Counties of Norfolke, Sujf. and Cambridge, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

20 January,

13 W. III. 6° Martii. 3 79

J 20 January.

A Patent to Richard Woollaston Esquire, of the Office of Steward of the Wapentakes of Salford and West-Derbyshire; and Office of Master Forester of Symons-Wood, and Croxtath, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

14 December.

A Lease to Sir Henry Bellasys Knight, of several Incroachments lying to, or lately enjoyed with, his Lodge, called South-Bady Lodge, in his Majesty's Chase of Emlfield, in the County of Middlesex, for 94 Years, from Lady-day then last past, at the yearly Rent, of 5/. per Annum.

14 December.

A Lease to Christopher Lyster Esquire, of several Incroachments, lying to, or lately enjoyed with, his Lodge, called East-Daily Lodge, in the said Chase of Endfcld\ for 94 Years, at the yearly Rent of 5/. per Annum. Memorandum, These following are Farms or Leases for

31 Years, or for a less Number of Years, in Reversion,

to make the present Terms in being up 31 Years, at

the ancient Rent, and for Fines paid for the same.

Ult' Februarii.

A Lease to the said Mr. Windham, of the Offices of Bailiff, Feodar, Escheator, &c. with the Profits of Court, and W recks at Sea, within the Liberty of the Duchy, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolke, and Canterbury, for 24 Years in Reversion, at the yearly Rent of 29/. per Annum.

Ult' Februarii.

A Lease to Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet, of Tythes within the Wards of Belper Chevin or Holland, in Derbyshire, for 27 Years in Reversion, at the yearly Rent of 2/. per Annum.

1700, April the 15th.

A Lease to Air. Bennet, of the Office of Bailiff of Salford, and of Cottages and Incroachments in the County of Lancaster, for 8 Years in Reversion, at the yearly Rent of 11/. 7$. Srf. per Annum.

2d August.

A Lease to Mr. Flamsteady of the Hundred of Griesly, in the County of Derby, for 31 Years, at the yearly Rent of 4/. ios. per Annum.

Jo. Bennett, Auditor.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ms, Ordered, That the Examinations, Instructions, and also »cies. all other Papers, transmitted from the Earl of Bellomont, relating to Captain Kidd, be laid before the House, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England.

rfatGrims- The House, according to Order, proceeded to hear

f Elec lion, the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Gi'eat Grimsby, in the County of Lincolne, upon the Petition of Arthur Moor, Esquire: And the Counsel and Witnesses, on both Sides, were called in, and heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, in the proceeding in the Evidence, offering to produce Witnesses to prove the Confession of several Voters, that they had Money given them for their Votes;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member objecting against such Evidence;

The Counsel withdrew upon that Point, Whether Evidence shall be given of such Confessions.

Resolved, That the Counsel be permitted to give Evidence of the Voters Confession of Bribery.

And the Counsel were called in again: And they proceeded with their Evidence: Which being gone through on the Petitioner's Side;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded with their Evidence.

And Mr. Clayton, the Mayor of Grimsby, being offered as a Witness on his Part; who being objected against by the Petitioner s Counsel, as being a Person, charged in the Petition, and proved to be concerned in paying Money to the Voters;

r VOJL. 13.

The Counsel withdrew upon the Point, Whether the Sitting Member's Counsel shall be permitted to examine the said Mr. Clayton. '

And the Question being put, That the Counsel be permitted to examine the said Mr. Clayton;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again, and heard.

And the Counsel withdrew.

And the Question being put, That William Coatsrvorth ‘ Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincolne.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, That Wm. Coatszcorth Esquire hath been notoriously guilty of Bribery, and other indirect Practices, in order to procure himself to be returned a Member of this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincolne.

Ordered, That the said William Cotesworth Esquire be, for the said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Arthur Moor Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it appears to this House, That Arthur Moor Esquire hath, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, endeavoured to procure himself to be elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Ptrson* Clayton, Mayor of the said Borough of Great Grimsby, guilty of is guilty of Bribery, and other indirect Practices, in *ribfry-procuring William Cotesxvorth Esquire to be elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr.

Perks is guilty of indirect Practices, in relation to the electing William Cotesworth Esquire, to be a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Resolved, M hat it appears to this House, That Mr.

Story is guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to the electing William Cotesworth Esquire to be a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Resolved, That Mr. Jeffrycs is guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to the electing William Cotesworth Esquire to be a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr.

Bourman, is guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to the electing William Cotesworth Esquire to be a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Clayton, Mr. Perks, Mr. Ordered Into Sto?y, Mr. Jeffries, and 'Mr.Bourman, be, for their said Cu5t0^* respective Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rogers, Merchant of Hull, be summoned to attend this House, to give an Account, touching the Money that was sent down to the Borough of Grimsby, in order to the Election there.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Candles. That Candles be brought in;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

380

iThetford

Writ.

To\ver Hamlets Small Debts.

Members double returned, and abroad, ^making their Election.

70 Martii.

Veneris, T die Martii)

13* Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Williamson, who is ill at his House, That he, being chosen a Citizen for the City of Rochester; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk; made his Election to serve for the City of Rochester.

Oratrcd\ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of I'hctford, in the room of the said Sir Joseph Williamson.

Ordered, That Sir Humph. Briggs, Lord Cheine, Mr. Pynnell, Mr. Gott, be added tq the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Tower Hamlets is referred.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Honourable William Howard Esquire, at Paris, That he, being elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Northumbei'land; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Morpeth, in the said County; made his Election to serve for the County of Northum-bcrland.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, in relation to what has been done where Members have been absent in foreign Parts:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Bellasis, Sir Samuel Bamardiston, Mr. Dolben, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Howard, Sir

A. 1700.

Edu ard Seymour, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Havei's, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Birch, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Boscamn, Sir Tho. Meers, Sir Chr. Musgrate,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir John Bo/les, Mr. Clerk,

Mr. Bridges, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. liar-court, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Cook, Mr. Soarnes, Mr. Co.v; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers: And are to sit de die in diem.

The House being informed, That the Secretary of the Kidd's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High P^cia. Admiral of England attended, with several Papers, according to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Papers relating to Captain Kidd; and a Schedule of them.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed. That several Officers of Excheqoi the Exchequer attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Fees taken by the Clerk of the Pipe, and the Officers there, for passing the Accounts of the Receivers of the several Aids and Taxes granted to his Majesty by Act of Parliament, and for other publick Accounts: And also,

An Account of Fees taken by the First Secondary I in the King's Remembrancer's Office in the Exchequer, upon passing publick Accounts: And also,

A Certificate of Fees taken by the First Secondary in the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office in the Exchequer, upon passing publick Accounts. '

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the Accounts are as follow; viz.

The said Account of Fees taken by the Clerk of the Pipe, and other Officers there, for passing the Accounts

of Receivers General.

Clerk of the Pipe. Comptroller and Clerk. Attorney Writing Clerk.

For the several Aids and Taxes aforesaid, where' the Receipt is under 20,000l. -J Receipts between 20 and 30,000l. - £ * d. £ s. d £ s. d. d.

| 0 10 0 0 6 8 1 0 0 0 6 8

0 13 4 0 10 0 1 5 0 0 10 0

Receipts between 30 and 40,000l. - 0 13 4 0 10 0 1 10 0 0 10 0

Receipts between 40 and 60,000l. - 0 16 8 0 13 4 1 15 0 0 13 4

Receipts between 60, and 80,000l.' - 1 0 0 0 16 8 2 0 O' 0 16 8

Receipts above 80,000l. - . 1 6 8 1 0 0 2 10 0 0 16 8

As for the Tax upon Houses, as likewise on Births, Burials, &c. the several Receivers pay to the! I 0 6 8 0 3 4 1 0 0 0 6 8

aforesaid Officers, as followeth; y Except York, which pays in the Whole, for the said Tax 2 13 4

London, Middlesex, and Westminster, which pay in the Whole - - - 4 3 4

Memorandum: Besides the Fees aforesaid, the Secondary of the said Office takes 12d. for examining and allowing each Tally in the said Accounts; and the Bagman of the said Office takes Sixpence for each Tally, for Portage of the same to Westminster, to be joined to the Deputy Chamberlain, and for bringing them back again; and each Accompting City or Town, being Sixteen in Number, payeth 35.4d. where no particular Receiver is appointed to receive the same.

Peter Frowde, Dep. Cler. Pip®.

J'. Potenger, Comptroller.

Fees taken by the Clerk of the Pipe, Secondary, and Attorney, upon other publick Accounts; viz.

Upon the Cash Account of the Customs -

The Three Cash Accounts of the new Impositions -

The Cash Account of the Excise -

The Account of the General Letters and Peny Post Office

The Account of the Duties upon Paper, Parchment, &c.

The Account for Linen, Hawkers, and Pedlars

The Account for Licensing Hackney Coaches

Clerk of the Attorney and

Pipe. Writing Clerk.

£ S. d. £ s. d.

" 10 0 0 32 0 0

- 6 0 0 20 0 0

3 6 8 12 O O

5 0 0 21 6 8

- 4. - a 0 0 600

- 1 0 0 300

0* - 1 0 0 .300

The

i3 W. III.

7° Martii.

381

The Number of Tallies upon the said Accounts are For the Portubagof the Office there is likewise taken, Exchequer uncertain* for Portage of Tallies to Westminster, to be joined by Fees*

But there is taken by the Secondary for examining the the Deputy Chamberlain, and for bringing them back to Tallies with the Accounts, and allowing them upon Re- , the Office, 5,10, 20, or 30 s. according to the Number of cord for each Tally, 12 d. Tallies*

Upon the General Account of the Customs -

the Three General Accounts of the New Impositions -the General Account of the Excise -the Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance - -

the Treasurer of the Navy the Victuallers of the Navy -

the Paymaster of his Majesty's Guards, Garisons, and Land Force the Cofferer of his Majesty's Houshold -the Account of the Master of the Great Wardrobe - ‘ -

the Gentleman of his Majesty's Robes - -

the Treasurer of her late Majesty Queen Mary -the Treasurer of the Chambers -the Paymaster of his Majesty's Works and Buildings -the Master Worker of his Majesty's Mint -the Coinage Duty - -

the Account of the Wine Licences, when brought into the Office the Account of the Million Lottery -

Clerks of the Attorney and

Pipe. Writing Clerk.

£ S. d. £ S. I

- 6 0 0 20 0 0

- 6 0 0 20 0 0

3 6 0 12 0 0

- 3 6 8 15 0 0

- 5 0 0 20 0 0

3 6 8 11 10 0

- 9 0 0 28 0 0

- 2 0 0 4 0 0

- 3 6 8 11 13 4

- 2 0 0 4 0 0

- 3 6 8 10 0 0

3 6 8 10 0 0

- 2 0 0 4 0 0

- 2 0 0 4 0 0

1 0 0 2 0 0

- 3 0 0 7 0 0

1 10 0 4 0 0

Peter Frowde, Dep. Cler. Pipaj.

Pipe Office, 6 March 1700.

The said ACCOUNT of Fees taken by the First Secondary of the King's Remembrancer's Office*

Receipts above 80,000 /. ——

Receipts for above 40,000l. to 6o, Ooo - -

Receipts from above 30,000 /. to 40,000 Receipts from above 20,000l. to 30,000l. -Receipts from above 10,000l. to 20,000l. - - - - -

Receipts under 10,000l. -

Where any Receiver desires a Commission to take his Account.

Commission to the King's Remembrancer, for his Fee to the Attorney, and for Stamp and Seal of such^ Commission ——

Drawing, Ingrossing, and Stamp, of the Affidavit, and Return annexed to each Commission

Inrolling the Commission, Affidavit, and Return ....

For carrying the Accounts and Tallies to the other Offices

Fees taken by the said Secondary, for drawing out and entering other publick Accounts, with all the Sums set Insuper therein.

Treasurer of the Navy....

Victuallers of the Navy ....

Treasurer of the Ordnance ——

Master and Gentleman of his Majesty's Robes

Treasurer of his Majesty's Chamber ——

Paymaster of his Majesty's Works and Buildings ——

Receiver of the Revenues of the Honour of Windsor, and Paymaster of the Works there Paymaster of his Majesty's Guards and Garisons ——

Master of the great Wardrobe -

Clerk of the Hamper ....

Master and Worker of his Majesty's Mint ——

Cofferer of his Majesty's Houshold.....- -

Cash Account of the Customs -

General Account of the Customs -.....-

Treasurer and Receiver to the late Queen Mary, per Annum

Malt Tickets and Benefits ——

Three Cash Accounts of new Impositions -

Three General Accounts, ditto ——

Account of Coinage Duty -

Cash Account of Excise -

General Account of Excise - -

General Letter Office, and Peny Post Office ——

Wine Licence Account ——

Stamp Duty

Duty on Hackney Coaches - ‘ -

Million Lottery Account -

Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars

& s. d-

- 1 10 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

0 13 0

0 10 0

0 6 8

'} 8

- 0 2 6

6 8

1 0

hie Sums set

£ s. d.

10 0 0

5 0 0

20 0 0

1 1 6

1 6 8

2 0 0

2 10 0

10 0 0

2 0 0

1 6 8

3 0 0

3 4 6

6 9 0

20 0 0

2 14 0

2 3 0

9 13 6

20 0 0

2 0 0

10 0 0

2 0 0

10 0 0

3 0 0

5 7 6

4 0 0

1 10 0

1 10 0

Geo. Watts.

VOL. 13.

5E

The

Exchequer

Fees,

Agmon-

disham

Election.

Hertford

Election.

382 7* MartiL 1700.

The said Certificate of Fees taken by the First Secondary in the Treasurer s Remembrancer s Office; viz.

Upon Account of Taxes and Assessments.

For drawing out and entering any Tax, Account, where the Receipt is

For an Account of /

f Above 80,000l. - - - - -

Between 40 and 60,000 /.

Between 30 and 40,000l.

Between 20 and 30,000 /.

Between 10 and 20,000l.

(Under 10,000l....

Upon other publick Accounts.

For drawing out and entering an Account of the Treasurer of the Navy

Victuallers of the Navy ——

Treasurer of the Ordnance

Master and Gentleman of his Majesty's Robes -

Treasurer of his Majesty's Chamber ——

Paymaster of his Majesty's Buildings ——

Receiver of Windsor Revenue ——

Paymaster of the Guards and Garisons....

Master of the great Wardrobe ——

Clerk of the Hamper.....-

Master and Worker of the Mint -

(Cofferer of his Majesty's Houshold ——

For the Cash Account of the Grand Customs - - - . -.....6

For the General Account of the Grand Customs ——

For Three Cash Accounts of new Impositions ——

For Three General Accounts, ditto - -

For the Account of the Coinage Duties ——

For the General Account of Excise ——

For the Cash Accounts, ditto ——

For the General Letter, and Peny Post Offices ....

For the Account of Commissioners for Wine Licences ....

For the Account of the Stamp Duties - - -.....-

{ Duty on Hackney Coaches -

Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars ....

Million Lottery Payments ....

Treasurer and Receiver to the late Queen

Malt Tickets and Payments....

John Tayleur, Secondar ex parte, Remem' Thesaur\

£- s. d.

1 0 0

0 13 4

0 13 4

0 10 0

0 6 8

0 5 0

6 9 0

3 0 0

3 6 8

1 JO 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

1 10 0

2 3 0

2 3 0

1 0 0

3 0 0

2 3 0

6 9 0

6 9 0

6 9 0

6 9 0

1 1 6

4 0 0

4 0 0

6 9 0

2 0 0

1 10 0

1 10 0

1 10 0

1 10 0

2 13 6

t 10 0

1

1

k

5

s

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Agmondiskam, in the County of Bucks, was offered to the House, relating to the Election there.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, in behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Mayor of Hertford did, at the late Election of a Burgess to represent the said Borough, in the room of Tho. Fihner Esquire, deceased, permit several pretended Freemen, who were arbitrarily, and contrary to their Charter, made so in the First of the late King James the 2d, to poll at the said Election; by means whereof, although Wm. Monson Esquire had the Majority of legal Voters for him, he hath unduly returned Richard Goulston Esquire; in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners; who complained to the Parliament held in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, of the like Proceedings: But the then Mayor, and several of the Aldermen, promising to desist from those Practices for the future, the Petitioners prosecuted their Petition no further: Yet the now Mayor, and some of the said Aldermen, have again violated the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, upon the Great Evidence given Yesterday at the Bar, upon the Hearing Grimsby the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Great Election. Grimsby, That Mr. John Newark, Agent to Arthur Moor Esquire, is guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to procure the said Mr. Moor to be elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, upon the said- Persons Hearing, That Mr. Bransby is guilty of distributing guilty of Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to procure Bribery Arthur Moor Esquire to be elected a Member to serve ®rder^11 in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great LU3 0 y* Grimsby.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Newark, and Mr. Bransby, be, for their said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

A Letter from Mr. H. Mason, to Mr. William Brans* by, which was produced Yesterday, upon the Hearing touching the Election for the said Borough of Great Grimsby, being read; which is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Bransby,

I suppose.* Mr. Moor is not well approved on above; but I cannot desire you to be so dirty to your Friend, as to vote against him; but I would advise you not to stickle too much for him, lest you get yourself worse Enemies:

I suppose the Lord William Rowlett, and Sir Wm. St.

Quint in, recommend one Mr. Cotesxvorth to oppose him; but do as you think fit, and accept of this seasonable Hint from a Friend, and burn it when you have read it: Extremes never do well. You will have a Surveyor General shortly, to inspect your Port, and what

15 W. III. 7° — 8° Maitu. 383

Books you keep for Coal, and other Accounts. I wish Mr. Jefferys and you were kinder, that Business might go on better, and that you might jointly sign his Accounts, which you do not; and pray send a nihil Account for Cinders, and likewise your Customs, and in and out, and let me see you when you can spare time, the sooner the better, that I may give you some Instructions against < Survey or comes: I design to desire a Salary for you: I am, in Haste, Yours, H. M.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Mason, an Officer of the Custom-house at Hull, hath endeavoured, by Threats and Promises, to procure Mr. Bramby to influence the Election of William Cotesworth Esquire to be a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Mason be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday come Fortnight, take into further Consideration, what hath appeared to this House, in relation to the Election for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Ordered, That Mr. Rogers, who was yesterday ordered to be summoned to attend this House; and also the Persons who are ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; do attend this House upon Tuesday come Fortnight.

Ordered, That no Warrant do issue, this Session of Parliament, for any new Writ for the said Borough of Great Grimsby.

Lion Resolved, That, it having appeared to this House, that

jin- there has been an illegal and indirect Practice, at the Bo-

Hfor rough of Great Grimsby, to examine Persons upon Oath, and take Affidavits, in relation to the Evidence they were

L to give at the Bar of this House, touching the Election at the said Borough;

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prosecute all Persons who took the said Examinations and Affidavits, or were concerned in the Procuring the same.

ty on A Petition of several Persons, on the Behalf of them-

*,&c. selves, and many others, who advanced to his Majesty the Sum of 464,700l. upon the Credit of an Act of Pur-liament, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Stone, Glass, and Earthen-wares, Coals, and Culm, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France, impowering his Majesty to borrow the said Money; with a Clause in the said Act, That whatsoever should ftdl short, or be deficient for Repayment of Principal and Interest, in the time limited, should be transferred to, and made good out of, the first Aids and Supplies to be granted to his Majesty by Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Sum was accordingly advanced by the Petitioners at 7/. per Cent.; but the next Session of Parliament, their said Fund, which undoubtedly was sufficient to have repaid them, was quite taken away, without the Petitioners Consents; and the next Session after, a Duty was laid upon Leather, &c. for Three Years, to repay the said Debt; which Duty expired in April last, leaving above 500,000l. Principal, and above Twelve Months Interest, Deficiency: That, in the Session of the 9th and 10th Years of the King, a Duty was again laid on Coals and Culm, for raising 500,000l. more, at 8 /. per Cent.; and then the Petitioners prayed to be restored to their said first Fund, but their Petition was not received by the House: Wherefore the Petitioners now pray, That the House will tike theiivdeplorable Case into Consideration, and restore them to their first Security, or make some other effectual Provision for Payment of the said just Debt; wherein, as they conceive, the Honour and Justice, as well as Credit, of the Nation are highly concerned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who You 13.

are to consider further of the Siippty to be grailted to his Majesty.

A Bill to resume the Grants of Lands and other Reve- Supply Bill; nues, since the Sixth Day of February 1684; and applying Resumption the same to the Use of the Publick; was, according to 0 rAntt* Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Martii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Pray ers.

A PETITION of the Wool-combers, in and about Woollen Ma* the City of Peterborough, was presented to the nufacture. House, and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of Persons of all other Trades have intruded into the Petitioners said Trade, so that they cannot get a Livelihood, as they formerly used to do; many of such Intruders taking 14 or more Apprentices to work for them a Year or Two, and then they work as Journeymen, to the Ruin of such as have legally served Apprenticeships to the said Trade:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the said Trade of Wool-combing, under such Penalties as the House shull think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

A Petition of the Masters and Workmen of the Art Ditto, and Trade of Wool-combing within the City of London, and Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That divers Persons, for many Years last past, got a good Livelihood by the said Trade; but, of late, vast Numbers of unskilful Persons have intruded into the said Trade, made bad Goods, and then are forced to sell them at an under Rate; whereby they have impoverished themselves, many of them falling to their respective Parishes for a Maintenance; which Mischiefs, if not timely prevented by some Law, will be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the said Trade: And praying.

That a Bill for regulating the said Trade may pass into a Law; whereby Multitudes of poor Families, within the Bills of Mortality, may receive Employment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

A Petition of Lewis Girard Gentleman, and several Estates given others concerned with him, was presented to the House, to supemi-and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, at llous ^se9* great Cost, Pains and Hazard, made Discoveries of several Estates and Revenues, to a good Value, within this Kingdom, applied to the Maintenance of foreign Seminaries, and other Popish superstitious Uses; which the Petitioners are not only ready to discover, but to prosecute the Recovery thereof, at their own Charge; a certain Proportion thereof, such as the House shall judge fit, being allotted the Petitioners; the Remainder to be disposed as the House shall appoint; the Petitioners also offering to submit to such Provisions as shall be thought reasonable, for paying

St. Albans Election.

ftroitwich

Election.

Workhouse

Offences*

Frauds in Excise.

384 8" Martiu A. 1700,

of Costs, in case the Defendant, upon such Prosecution, shall be acquitted: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. Sir Robert Mr. Dolben, Sir Jo. Molesworth, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr.

Boyle, Earl of Ranehgh, Mr. Clayton, Mr: Fortescue,

Sir Hen. Goff, Captain Dyott, Sir Rowland Mr.

Mounstevcns, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Scobell, Sir Hump. Mackworth, Mr. Bere, Mr. Lord Sir

William Ellis, Mr. King, Mr. Duke, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Ash, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert -kinson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Harvy, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Tmcnesetid, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Carter, Sir Edward Hun gey ford, Mr. Moncton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Albans, be made upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of Robert Steyner Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Proprietors of the several Freehold Estates within the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, have ever had a Right of electing Members to Parliament for the said Borough; the Ma jority of whom did, at the last Flection there, offer their Votes to the Petitioner; but the Bailiffs of the said Borough refused to take them, and have returned Philip Foley Esquire as a Burgess, to the Petitioner's great Wrong: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Twelve Governors, Assistants, and Guardians, for the better Relief of the Poor of the Town of Crediton, alias Kirton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are many lewd and disorderly idle Persons in this Kingdom, and particularly in Crediton, who commit small Thefts, under 1 2d.Value, and other Misdemeanors, and on Examination, confess the same; and then they are committed to Bridewell, or the common Gaol, where they continue several Months; during which time their Families are wholly maintained by the Parish where they live; and commonly such Offenders return out of Gaol greater Thieves than before, the Parish fearing to prosecute them, because of bringing a further Charge upon themselves: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Corporations, constituted by Acts of Parliament, to call before them such Persons as shall have committed small Thefts and Misdemeanors, and punish and keep them to Labour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy Punishment of certain Offences in Work-houses, or Houses of Correction, erected, or to be erected, by Act of Parliament, for the better Relief of the Poor: And that Mr. Hoblyn and Mr. Northmore do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Joseph Bruxby was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Fall of the Revenue of Excise has chiefly been occasioned through the Want of Skill and Judgment of the late and present Commissioners for Management thereof, who know not how to instruct or contradict their inferior Officers in the

.....relating to the Brewing Trade; inso much that the King has been frequently cheated of the Exciseof 50 Bar- rels in 70 of Strong Drink, Three times a Week, in many Brew houses: That the Petitioner can demonstrate how the Excise may be improved at least 100,000l. per Annum, if not Two; which will be advantageous to the Government.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

The House being informed, That the Secretary of the Justices of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster attended; l'eace, ice.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a List of the present Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And the Title thereof was read.

The List is bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Twitty, one of Exchequer the Officers in the Exchequer, attended; Fees.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Fees claimed by such of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, therein particularly mentioned; and as the same w'as given in to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and by them certified to be ancient and legal.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the Account w'as read:

And the Account is as followeth: viz.

Termino sancti Michaelis; Anno Quarto Regis Regina

Williehni8$ Maria.

Mart is, 25* Octobris.

Whereas, in and by an Act of this present Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of 1,651,702/.

18r. towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France, it is Provided and Enacted, That no Fees should be demanded or taken by any Officer of the Exchequer, or of any Officers thereof, for the Receiving or Issuing any of the Monies granted by the said Act, or any other Act of this presdht Parliament, for the Aids and Supplies to their Majesties, but such ancient and legal Fees, as shall be allowed by the Lord Chief Bdron, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, to be such, and not otherwise: And that the said Chief Baron, and other Barons, are thereby required to present a Table or Schedule of the said Fees to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, at the next Sessions to be holden for this or the next succeeding Parliament.

In pursuance therefore of the said Act of Parliament, we have called before us the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, and received Informations of the Fees demanded or taken by the said Officers, for the Receiving and Issuing the aforesaid Monies; and upon Hearing of them, and Consideration of the whole Matter, w'e do allow the Fees mentioned in the Tables or Schedules hereuuto annexed, and no other, to be ancient legal Fees; and from henceforth to be demanded and taken, by the said Officers, for the receiving and issuing any of the Monies aforesaid: And we do present a Table or Schedule of the said Fees, so allowed, as aforesaid, to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, according to the said Act of Parliament.

The

13 W. III.

8° Martii.

3 «S

The Auditor:

A Table or Schedule of the ancient and legal Fees allowed by the Lord Chief Baron, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, to be demanded and taken by the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the receiving and issuing any of the Monies granted by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of the Sum. of 1,651,702 /. 18 s. towards carrying on a vigorous War against or any other Act of this present Parliament, for Aids and Supplies to their Majesties.

For the Receiving of Money: £.

For every Tally upon Land Taxes, or Polls, be the same more or less ----- o For every 1,000l. paid in for Excise by Tally, being the like Fee which hath been paid for Monies"! paid in for Customs - - - -j

Memorandum: That all Aids and Supplies are comprehended under these Two Heads.

For the Issuing of Money:

For 3,100,00 ol.expressly, by the said Acts, appropriated to the Navy; and for all other Sums thatj ^j.. have been issued, or shall hereafter be issued, to the Navy - -J

0

o 0

d.

A

6

For all Monies arising by these Aids and Supplies, which have been appropriated or' issued to the Land Forces, according to an Agreement made in the Year 1697, by the then Lord Treasurer, Lord General, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, by and with the Consent of the Officers of the Exchequer, attested by the Right Honourable Sir Steph. Fox Knight, one of the Lords Commissioners of his Maje.-ty's Treasury; by which Agreement, the Auditor's Fees are lessened from 2d. in the Pound, which amounts to 16$. S d. per Cent ami were the ancient legal Fees for Services of this Nature, to J d. per Pound; which is his Share of 1 i- per Pound, settled by the aforesaid Agreement, for all the Officers of the Exchequer; so that his and his Clerk's Share amount to -Memorandum: That these Fees are deducted from the Soldiers out of their Pay, and are not placed upon the King's Account.

For all Pensions, Annuities, Rewards, Free-gifts, Salaries, Fees, &c. without Ac-j count, if the same be paid, Order, or Debenture - - - - -/

For the same, if the same were paid by 'Tally of Assignment, de rccordo For Money issued under the Title of secret Service; by which many Pensions, Free-gifts, &c. have been paid; but, under this Head, the Services being not known, the Fee could not be reduced to a proper Head; and therefore, by Agreement, were abated to Half Fees -

Auditor, per Cent.

£ S. dn

) o 3 6

100 o 16 8

0 10 o

Hi* Clerk, per Cent.

L

000

050

02 6

026

Auditor, His Clerk,

per Cent. J per Cent,

£' s- d. I£ s‘

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. ' Nil.

The Fees hereafter mentioned are attested by a Table of Fees received from Mr. ,in the Year 1676,

who had been a long time Clerk in the said Office, asserted upon the Oath of Mr. Geo. Ratison, now a Clerk in the said Office; which Fees were anciently brought under the Head of Pensions, Salaries, Wages, &c. the Officers hereafter mentioned making divers Payments to those Uses, and then paid the Fee, at 25 per Cent, as before; but, for many Years last past, w ere brought under particular Heads; and the Fees were, by Agreement or Usage in the Exchequer, lessened according to several Proportions;

To the Keeper of the Privy Purse -

To the Cofferer ——

To the Treasurer of the Chamber - -

To the Master of the Robes -

To the Master of the Wardrobe - -

To the Paymaster of the Works -

The Office of the Ordnance -

The Master of the Horse - - - -'

The Lieutenant of the Tozvir, per Quarter, for his Bill Ambassadors, and Envoys, for Equipage, and Extraordinaries Ambassadors, and Envoys, for their Entertainments Judges and Barons ——

Judges of Wales - - - - , -

Goldsmith, for Plate ——

The Jeweller ——

The Mint ——

The Coal-farmers Defalcations -

Service upon Account, except Navy and Forces

The King's Barber, for barbing Linen - -

The Usher of the Receipt - -

The Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

Windsor Walks ——

Repairs of Lodges and Parks -

Surveyors of the Highways -»--

Messengers Bills ——

Tents and Toils ——

New Year's Gifts from the King - -

The Queen Dowager's Treasurer -

Vol. 13.

5*

- 0 5 0 1013

- 0 13 4 034

- 0 15 0 039

- 0 JO 0 1026

Nil.

I 0 2 6

013

1026

Nil.

050

- 0 10 0 I 0 2 6

0 10 0 026

Nil.

- 0 10 of 026

- 0 4 0 1 010

- 0 10 0 I 0 a 6

0 10 0 026

- 100 05 0

- 0 4 0 j 010

0 10 0 1 026

- 0 10 0 j 026

Clerk

Table of

F.xchequef

Feek.

Tttble of

Exchequer

I*Veg.

386

8° MartH

A.

1700,

Clerk of the Pells:

A Table or Schedule of the ancient and legal Fees allowed by the Lord Chief Bpron, and Barons of the Coif and Court of Exchequer, to be demanded and taken by the Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the receiving or issuing any of the Monies granted by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of the Sum of 1,651,702/. 18 s. towards carrying on a vigorous War against France;or any other Act of this present Parliament, for Aids and Supplies to their Majesties.

For Receiving of Money:

For every Tally upon Land Taxes, or Polls, be the same more or less -

For every Thousand Pound, upon Tallies for Excise or Customs -Memorandum: All Aids and Supplies are comprehended under these Two Heads.

For issuing of Money:

For 3,100,000l. expressly, by these Acts, appropriated to the Navy; and for all other Sums thatj have been issued, which are much more, or what shall hereafter be issued to the Navy - -/

For all Monies arising by these AiJs and Supplies, which have been appropriated or issued to the]

o

0

s.

0

o

d.

4

6

Nil.

Land Forces, TytV of a Farthing per Pound, per Cent

For all other Monies arising by these Aids and Supplies, which have been issued to other Uses than before-mentioned, the Clerk of the Pelf have received Fees, according to the Heads of the Uses for which they were issued:

A Particular of which Heads with Fees, belonging to them, are as follow; viz.

For all Pensions, Annuities, Rewards, Free-gilts, Salaries, Fees, Sec. without Account to the Master! per Cent. ----- ----- ----- -J

To the Clerk, per Cent. ——

For the same Causes, if paid by Tally of Assignment de , per Pound - -

To the Clerk, per Cent. ——

There hath been, for many Years last past, an Issue out of the Receipt, under the Title of secret]

Service; by which many Pcn>ious. Salaries, and Free-gilts, have been paid; but had their Salaries* been known and spec.lied, then the Fees had been due, according to their proper Heads; but now by this Method and Agreement, they pay only, pci Cent. ——

Surveyor of the Highways, per Cent. ——

The Privy Purse, per Cent. ——

The Coherer ——

The Treasurer of the Chamber -

The M u ster of the Robes ——

The Wardrobe, per Cent. ——

The Paymaster of the Works, per Cent. ....

Treasurer of the Navy ——

Victualler of the Navy -

Otiice of Ordnance ——

Master of the Horse, per Cent. - -

Lieutenant of the Tozccr, for Quarterly Bills, per Quarter -.

Embassadors, and Envoys, for Equipage, Extraordinaries, and Entertainments Judges and Barons ——

The Goldsmith, for Plate, per Cent ——

The Jeweller, per Cent....

The Mint, per Cent.....-....

Sea-coal Farmers Defalcations, per Cent - ..

The Usher of the Court of Exchequer, for every Order, being Three in a Year

The Usher of the Receipt ....

Messengers Bills, per Bill -

Tents and Toils ....

The Queen Dowager's Treasurer, per Cent ——

The Lord Privy Seal's Diet, per Cent. ——

Repairs of Lodges and Parks, per Cent. ——

The Four Tellers:

A Table or Schedule of the ancient and legal Fees allowed by the Lord Chief Baron, and Barons of the Coif and Court of Exchequer, to he demanded and taken by the Four Tellers of tije Receipt of Exchequer, for receiving or issuing any Money granted by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of the Sum of 1,651,702/. 18 s. towards carrying on a vigorous War against France; or any other Act of this present Parliament, for Aids and Supplies to their Majesties.

For Receiving of Money:

Upon receiving in the Money for all Aids and Supplies granted to their Majesties, the Tellers receive But their Clerks have, for some time last past, taken for every Bill, for which a Tally is struck]

£ * d.

0 10 0

0 2 6

0 0 2

0 2 6

0 7 6

Nil.

0 1 0

Nil. Nil. Nil.

0 J 0

0 1 0

Nil. Nil. Nil.

0 2 8

0 6 6

0 7 6

Nil.

0 1 0

0 5 0

0 1 0

0 5 0

1 2 6

Nil.

0 1 0

Nil.

0 6 8

0 7 6

0 5 0

s.

Nil.

d.

for Land Taxes or Polls, he the Sum more or less, 1 s.; which is now reduced to

For every 1,000 /. paid in for Excise, being the like Fee which was anciently paid for Customs

For Issuing of Money:

-J

008

For all Money appropriated or issued to the Navy - For all Monies appropriated or issued to the Land Forces, according to an Agreement made in the Year 1667, by the then Lord Treasurer, Lord General, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, by and with the Consent of die Officers of the Exchequer, attested by Sir Stephen l\r,-one of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, by which Agreement, the Tellers Fees are lessened from 165. 6 d. per Cent, to J TVVi- per pound; which is 7 per Cent.; which is their

Share of the 1 { d. per Pound, settled by the aforesaid Agreement, for all the Officers of the Exchequer, so that the Four Tellers, and their Clerks, Share amounts to-----....

To the Four Tellers, perCent. £. s. d. 008

a

/ TO

To -their Clerks, per Cent.

£. s. d.

9 To

Memorandum

Fi

In

is

I T

13 W. Ill

8* Martit.

3$;

Memorandum: That these Fees are deducted from the Soldiers, out of their Pay, and are not placed to the Kind's Account, lor all Monies arising by the said Aids and Supplies, which have been issued to other Uses than before-mentioned, the Four Tellers have anciently received Fees, according to the Heads of the Uses for which they were issued.

A Particular of which Heads, with the ancient and legal Fee belonging to them, are as followeth; viz.

The Master of the Horse - - - - * - -

The Keeper of the Privy Purse -

The Master of the Wardrobe ——

The Master of the Robes ——

The King's Cofferer -

The Treasurer of the Chamber -

The Paymaster of the Works ——

The Lieutenant of the Tint:er, for Wages ——

The Lieutenant of the Tenter, for Diet of Prisoners -

The Lieutenant of the Ordnance ——

The Queen's Treasurer - -

The Princes Cofferer - -

The Paymaster of the Dand of Pensioners ——

The Warden of the Mint ——

The King's Goldsmith ——

The King's Jeweller ——

Gun-powder, and such-like Emptions ——

The Master of the Ceremonies ——

Farmers of Sea-coal, and Defalcations ——

Ambassadors, and Agents, on their Ordinary -

On their Extraordinary - -

The Secretaries of State, for their Intelligence - - - r

The Knight Harbinger ——

Annuities, Rewards, 1 rec-gifts, and such-like -

For Money issued under the Title of secret Service, by which many Pensions, Free-giits, Ac. have been paid; but under this Head, the Services not being known, the Fees could not be reduced to u proper Head; and therefore, by Agreement, were ubuted to Halt Fees ——

Repayment of Loans, and Interest ——

To the Four Tel- To their Clerk/;

lers, per Cent. per Cent.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 10 0 02 6

030 010

016 006

026 0 10

008 004

010 006

000 006

010 .006

1 0 0 0 10 0

020 010

034 018

016 006

0 1 4 004

020 006

020 00 6

040 010

026 010

010 0 0 O

016 Nil.

0100 050

100 0 10 0

0100 050

0100 050

2 10 0 0 10 0

100 0100

006

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil

The Judges and Barons

Tally Cutter:

A Table or Schedule of the ancient and legal Fees allowed by the Lord Chief Baron, and Barons of the Coif, of the Court of Exchequer, to be demanded and taken by the 'l'ally Cutter, in the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, for striking of Tallies for the receiving or issuing any of the Monies granted by an Act of Parliament, intituled,. An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of the Sum of 1,651,702/. 18$. towards carrying on a vigorous War against France; or any otiter Act of this present Parliament, for Aids and Supplies to their Majesties.

For Tallies struck upon Customs, for every 1,000l.

For Tallies upon Duties laid on Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Mer-1

chnndizes, fore*cry 1,000l. ----- --- - - - -j

This is the Lstablisiunent taken Anno 1C38.

And it also appears, by a Table ot Fees, w rit at the Beginning of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, For Tallies struck upon Excise of Beer, Brandy, and other Liquors, for every 1,000l.

Excise is the like great Revenue with Customs; and, for that Reason, the same Fee hath been paid ever since it was granted.

For Tax Money upon Land, and for Polls for every Tally ——

R. Atkins, Jo. Turton,

N. Lechmere, John Powell.

Memorandum: The aforesaid Report was only for the Aids granted Anno 1694: Therefore the following Officers received, after that time, the usual Fees which were taken before the said Report was made; viz.

The Auditor, lor every Tally upon Land Taxes or Polls, be the same more or less Clerk of the Pells, for the like ——

Tally Cutter, for the like

o

s.

o

d.

6

006

006

004

For issuing Money:

[The Master of the Robes The Auditor. -! Wardrobe -

[Paymaster of the Works Clerk of the Pells. Master of the Robes

- 0 0 2

0 0 2

- 0 0 2

Master. Clerk.

£ S. d C d.

0 5 0 0 1 3

0 2 0 0 0 6

0 2 0 Nil.

0 4 0 Nil.

There are divers other Services performed by the said Auditor, and Clerk of the Pells, likewise omitted in the aforesaid Account; viz. for Inrolments of Patents, making out Certificates for any body demanding the m; making and ingrossing Imprest Accounts; for all Accountants to the King; which may, in

each Office, amount to Thirty Pounds.

Vol. 13.

March 8th, 1700.

Ordered,

Table 0/

Exchequer

Fees.

388 8 ? Martii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

t

Tythe of A Petition of divers Ministers of the County of liad-ore. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners residing on their Benefices in that Part of Derbyshire where there are Lead-mines, have a just Right to a Tythe of Lead-ore gotten in their respective Parishes; which Right hath been tried and adjudged in all the Courts of I-aw and Equity, and confessed by the Body of Miners upon Oath: And the Petitioners Predecessors did, for many Ages past, until very lately, receive Tythes of Lead-ore, or Composition for it; and divers Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Clergymen, the Petitioners Neighbours, having the same general Right, do all of them, at this Day, receive the like Tythes; notwithstanding which, and the many Records the Petitioners can produce of their said Right, the said Miners joining in one' common Purse, have, upon all Opportunities,..... to promote Multitudes of chargeable and vexatious Suits against the Proprietors of this Tythe, sometimes taking Occasion, from the Death, Change, or Poverty, of the Incumbent, to with-hold the same from the Successor, whose Predecessor, at great Expence, had recovered the same, and by creating as many Suits as there are Parishes, Places, or Proprietors; by which, and such-like vexatious Methods, the Petitioners are kept out of their just Rights, and are not able to follow so many chargeable vexatious Suits: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the said customary Tythe, according to the Tenor, Equity, and Establishment of divers Decrees in Chancery, grounded on solemn Tryals at Common Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead-ore in the County of Derby: And that the Lord Marquis of Sir John Cotton, and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered \That the Affidavit which was taken at Great Great Grimsby, relating to the Evidence to be given at the Bar Grimsby of this House, uporf hearing of the Merits of the Elec- Affidavit"* tion for the said Borough of Great Grimsby, be laid relating to before this House. the Evidence,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preservation the better Preservation of the Protestant Religion; and of Protestant for preventing the Translation of Bishops from one See Rel,8ion-to another: And that Sir John Pado prepare, and bring in, the same.

Colonel Mordaunt, according to Order, presented to Ordnanc* the House an Abstract of all Monies received and paid Receipts and by him, as Treasurer and Paymaster to the Office of his Pa7meilU- Majesty's Ordnance, between the 30th of June 1699, and the 24th of February 1700.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Account is as follows; viz.

ft ik g

- ft

k .?* d

i ->

-- cn

n v

o

o

o

oo

7T

c

o

M

Co

yt

Q-

1

Act ACCOUNT of all Monies, &c. received and paid by the Honourable Henry Ji for daunt, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster to the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land and Sea Service, between the 30th of June 1699, and the 24th of February 1700: As also an ABSTRACT of the Debt of the said Office; what Tallies, &c. remain in the said Treasurer's Hands, and for what Uses.

This Accountant, Dr.

£ s. d.

To the Balance transferred from the precedent Treasurer"} to this Account per Privy Seal, amounting to -j Money'll t , r , ( For Land Service 31,334 14 o

receiv«'d(0utofhl5MaJest>s^ch^uer-UWSeaS.rvice 50,805 15 7

in ditto t ——

Time J On the voluntary Account ——

Hat'. Mordaunt.

£ s. d. 113,086' 17 7i

82,200 9 12,281 1

An Account of the Debt of the Office.

s. d.

Land. Service 24,866 1 if

Sea Service 39,664 8 io{

Total - 64,530 9 ni

Memorandum:That 51,765/. 13* 4d. being Part of the Tallies making the Balance, as per Contra, cannot be disposed of at present under great Discounts.

H. Ja. Lowtkcr,

C. ' J. Pulteney,

Wm. Boulter.

7*

2*

Per Contra,

rOn Debentures, and f Land Service By Money Quarler Book, for (Sea Service

&c. paid j Qn j}jus of Imprest, fLand Service -I for ----- (Sea Service

Cr.

£ e. d.

- 41,591 o 4

68,802 5 of

7,817 16 11

19,65° 17 5i

Dr. to Balance -

Whereof

On Account of Land Service \

f Monies On Account of Sea Service v 1

Land bought at Plymouth

Monies ——

Poll . -

Fourth Four Shillings Aid First Three Shillings Aid Tallies on the' Salt -

1 Coals - -

Third Three Shillings Aid 15 per Cent on Muslin,

(Poll r< Fir

Taffies on the < First Three Shillings Aid C. \ i Parts of the Customs

Together, making the said Balance of -

207,568 8 5

150 10 0

- 4,7^6 13 6}

- 12,500 0 0

- 3,500 0 0

- 10,000 0 0

- 5,000 0 0

- 800 0 0

- 4,464 1 61

:c. 7,651 0 0

- 88 10

- 5,065 13 4

- 10,700 0 0

- 5,000 0 0

£ 69,706 8 7*

Har. Mordaunt.

3

£ 9. I

n 0,393 5 4*

27,468 14 4i 69,706 8 7i

n

cr*

00

\0

cc>

fH

1

Justices of Peace, &c.

Supply.

Irish Forfeitures.

Kidd's

Piracies.

Supply.

Dr. Hooper to preach on 4th April.

Servants Wages, &c.

39°

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take into Consideration what has been done in pursuance of his Majesty's gracious Answer to the Ad — dress of this House, the last Session of Parliament, in relation to the Lieutenancy, and Justices of Peace.

Resolved, That this House will. Two Days next Week, and Three Days every succeeding Week, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration the Report from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland\

Ordered, That the several Papers mentioned in a Schedule, delivered in by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, to be delivered over to the Persons to whom they were directed, be laid before this House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That a Scheme may be laid before the House, of what is proposed to be done for the better securing of those Places where his Majesty's Ships are laid up in the Winter; together with an Estimate of the Charge.

Ordered, That a Scheme be laid before this House, of what is proposed to be done for the better Securing of those Places where his Majesty's Ships are laid up in the Winter; together with an Estimate of the Charge.

Ordered, That the said Scheme, and Estimate, be laid before this House by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England.

Mr. Conyei's also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolvcdy That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Luncty 10° die Martii;

13* Willielmi; Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

R D E R E Dy That Dr. Hooper, Dean of Canterbury, and Prolocutor of the Lower House of Convocation, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaretfs Westminster, upon the 4th Day of April next, the Day appointed by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation for publick Fasting and Humiliation: And that Sir Edward Seymoary Mr. Dolben, and Mr. Taylor, do acquaint him with the Desire of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the speedy Discovery and Suppression of Vagabonds; and the better regulating disorderly Servants; and for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages: And that

1700.

the Lord Cornbury and Sir John Phillips do'prepare, and bring in, the same.

James Herbert, Esquire, Treasurer, or Receiver Gene- Pm* ral, to the Commissioners of Prizes, according to Order, presented to the House his Account of his Receipt and Payments:

And the Title thereof was read.

The Account is in a Book by itself.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That one from the Clerk Justice of the Crown, the Clerk of the Crown himself being very Pcac ill, attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House Lists of the Justices of Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales.

Ordered, That the said Lists do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lists are bound up, with other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Hearing at the Bar Tomorrow, Charges <rf touching the Charge against Mr. Shepheard, be adjourned Bri5,e0' until Friday Morning next: And that all Persons, who are ordered or summoned to attend this House Tomorrow, Member, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Guy, of Graycs Inn, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Sambrooke, Mayor of Andover, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Alien, Clerk of the Innholders Company, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Roger Mompesson Esquire, do attend A "Member

this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning. orderedu>

° attend.

Ordered, That Tomorrow be one of the Days this Supply. Week, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty: And that the House do, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Newton and Mr.

Gcry:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bil for renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exche- K*che(luel quer Bills, without any Amendment. BlUs<

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garisons for the Year 1701.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garisons for the Year 1701.

Ordered, That the principal Officers of the Ordnance piaces, do lay before this House, a Scheme of what is proposed to Shipsai be done for the better securing those Places where his UPIU" Majesty's Ships are laid up in Winter.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Irish F into Consideration the Report from the Trustees for Sale feiiurei for the Forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And

8° — -io0 Martii.

13 W. III. 10° Martii. 391

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Country People, who must otherwise be frequently sum- Irish For-To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, moned up to Dublin, to be examined; and be a great feitures,

in Parliament assembled: Satisfaction to the Purchasers.

May it please your Honours, 7. By these methods, we humbly conceive, we shall

1. We the Trustees, appointed for putting in Execu- come to the Knowledge of the Value of the Lands: But, tion Part of an Act of Parliament made in the 11th and by Reason of the great Rains that have fallen here this 12th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act Winter, the Survey has been much delayed; and the Dis-for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the for- tricts of the Receivers are so large, and their Instructions feited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by so particular, that we cannot, as yet, expect from them a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein such an Account as we may rely upon, and consequently mentioned, in Obedience to the last Clause of another fit to be laid before your Honours: But, according to our Act, made the same Session, intituled, An Act for the best Observation, the Lands per Acre, will answer the appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and deter- Return of the last Commissioners: But the Claims upon mine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Trans- them are so many, a great Part of which could not appear port Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken upon the former Inquiry, that \ye can make no probable during the late War; do humbly lay before your Ho- Estimate what will be the net Produce.

nours a summary Account of our Proceedings. 8. The Claims on the private Estate are already heard,

2. As soon as the Act was printed, we had several and we believe will answer in the Sale the Valuation in

Meetings in London, to consider of the necessary Preli- the last Report: though a great Part of the Lands in the minaries for the due Execution of our Trust; and nomi- Duke of York's Grant was never in his Possession, nated such Officers as we thought fit to carry over with 9. notwithstanding all our Care, we doubt, we shall us: And because the Act required many Things, under not be able to raise the Rents, during our time, to the full several Penalties, to be done and performed at or before Value: Most of the private Estate is in Lease to May certain Days therein prefixed, that all Persons might have next, at small Rents, and some Part of it longer: A great due Notice thereof,- we drew up a Memorial, containing Part of the forfeited Estates is under beneficial Leases: A an Abstract of the several Clauses thereunto relating; and great deal more is either under Extents or Creditors, or* presented the same to the Right Honourable the Earl of in Possession of Mortgagees; some, of Persons who claim Jersey, then Principal Secretary of State; by w hose means it as their own Inheritance; and a considerable Quantity we procured a Proclamation to be issued by the Lords is held in Dower and Jointure. Most of these we have Justices here, for that Purpose. continued in Possession, upon giving Security to answer

3. Having made this Entrance on our Business, we the mesne Profits, in case their Claims should be dismis-

agreed to meet in Dublin with all possible Expedition; sed: Besides this, we found it difficult to prevail with the which we did on the First of June, and qualified our- Tenants, who had taken Leases from the Grantees, to ad-selves by taking the Oaths appointed by the Act. vance their Rents: Most of them, being Protestants, and

4. This done, we immediately gave"Notice, in Print, having made Improvements on their Lands, deserved all

of the Time limited for receiving Claims; and to all Te- the Compassion we could justify: And further, we were hants and Occupiers of any of the forfeited Estates, to afraid, That, if we used any Extremities, we should deliver in true Particulars of the Quantity, Quality, and drive them oft' the Lands, and give ill Impressions to the real Value, thereof, pursuant to the Act; and required the rest of the Tenants, who were under great Apprehensions Sheriffs of this Kingdom to publish the same throughout at our first coming over; the Consequence of which their several Counties: We gave our constant Attendance might be, to leave the Lands waste; it being impossible to the last Hour of the lime limited by the Act, and to get Tenants to remove their Stock and Families upon received every Claim that was tendered; the Whole so short a Lease as our Time: So that we were obliged to amounting to Three thousand Ninety and Two. continue the present Tenants in Possession, and raise them

5. Such of the Tenants and Occupiers of the said as high as we could: Therefore, we humbly conceive,

Estates, as delivered in their ow n Particulars, were sworn we ought to make no Fstimate of the Valuation of the to the true Quantity, Quality, and real Value, of the Lands from the present Rents; and yet we hope they Lands and Tenements by them severally possessed, in will answer more than double the whole Expence of order to set the same to the best Advantage: Most of the pur Commission, which, in Salaries, Survey, and Inci-Tenants, who lived in the remote Counties, we rather dents of all kinds, we compute at near about 40,000l. think out of Ignorance than Willfulness, have not herein per Annum.

complied with the Act; and many others sent them up 10. We set no Value upon the forfeitable Estates, hav-by Post, or Persons that knew nothing of the Values, and ing received Information, That Thirty-two Persons, active so could not be sworn to any Purpose: Upon which, we in the late Rebellion, and of a long time past, and now, generally continued the Tenants in Possession on Ac- resident in France, that were possessed of Estates in this count without any Agreement; but to pay such Rent, Kingdom, who were lately indicted mthe City of Dublin, as, upon Inquiry, the Lands should appear to be worth: upon the Statute of foreign Treason; and a Grand Jury,

Thereupon we appointed Receivers throughout the seve- of as equal and indifferent Men as could be found, were ral Counties in this Kingdom; and gave them Instruc- impanelled; and though the Evidence against most of tions in Writing, to inquire into, and return "up, the true them, as appeared by the Examination laid before us,

Values of all the said Estates in their several and respective was clear and positive, yet they were all acquitted.

Districts, and under what Rents, Covenants, and Con- 11. We have heard and determined all the Demands of tracts, they are held and enjoyed; 'and, with our Appro- the several Purchasers of Inheritance, from the Grantees, bation, to lett, and set the same; and to take Security to the 21,000l. allowed by the Act before the 10th oi from the Tenants for their true answering and paying their August last; and have directed Certificates to be given out Rents: We have printed, and supplied the Receivers of each Man s Share and Proportion, pursuant 10 the with all necessary Forms and Particulars, and Bonds for Act: A List containing the Names of the several Pur-the Purposes aforesaid; and have taken Security from chasers; the Sums by them respectively proved paid; the them, for the faithful Discharge of their Trust. Grantees from whom each Purchase was made; with the

6. To make a better Estimate of the Quantity and particular Sum or Share of the 21,000l. each Purchaser Value of the Lands, we have appointed Surveyors in the is intitled to, is hereunto annexed.

several Parts of the Kingdom: And have already had so 12. On the 20th of July we gave publick Notice,

good an Effect of their Endeavours, that we promise That we would sit on the 15th of August, to hear and ourselves this Service will abundantly recompense the determine Claims in the Order they were entered; and Expence of it: And if the Surveyors were impowered that all Claims should be posted Fifteen Days before the to administer an Oath, for the better ascertaining the Hearing: And in this Method we continued, till we could Meers and Bounds, it would save a great Expence to the get all the Claims abstracted; Then, for the greater Ease Vol. 13, c ' of

Irish Forfeitures.

392

10° Mar Hi. A. 17P0.

of the Country, and Expedition of our Business, we did, on the 9th of December last, further publish, That we would from the 7th Day of January, bear and determine all Claims on the same Estate together; beginning with the private Estate: By which means we shall dispatch more Claims in less time; they depending much on the same Title, and frequently the same Deeds and Witnesses; And as we clear Estates, we may thereby put them into a Method of Sale: We have and do sit Tour Days every Wreek on hearing Claims; the Multiplicity of other Business being more than sufficient for the other Two Days: There has been posted already 1,133 Claims, about 800 whereof are heard and determined, many of which we found to contain several distinct Claims on different Titles and Estates: Those posted, and not heard, are postponed for want of Prosecution, or at the Claimant's Request: So that it will be impossible, with our utmost Industry and Application, to determine all the Claims within the Time limited.

13. Several of the Grantees of Debts have not complied with the Act, in paying the Monies by them received into the Exchequer, on or before the 24th Day of August; whereby they have forfeited double the Value.

14. Several other Grantees have neither paid the Rent-charges, or other Rents, issuing out of the Estates granted, nor the Interest of Mortgages, or other Securities, affecting the same, pursuant to the said Act, on or before the First of November; by which means, the Debts are increased to double the Money lent, and lie as an heavy Charge on the Lands, every Day giving fresh Instances of this kind: We therefore think it our Duty, humbly to lay this Matter before your Honours, for your Directions herein.

15. The Number of Discoveries already lodged amount to 600; but we are not able to make any Conjecture how valuable they are, not having lime to hear them till after the 25th of March.

16. We have made Inquiry into the Wastes committed on the forfeited Woods in this Kingdom; which we find very considerable: The Trespassers, that are able, we shall punish; but most of the Destruction has been by the ordinary People of the Country, who are unable to make Satisfaction, or so much as answrer the Expence of our Witnesses.

17. Great Arrears of Rent out of the forfeited Estates and Interests not granted, have incurred since the 13th of February 1688; and before the 2d of November 1699 > which are neither paid to his Majesty, nor are we intitled to demand them; and which will never be discovered, unless invested in us, with due Encouragement to such as shall discover and pay them.

18. We hope it will not be thought presuming, if we humbly represent toyour Honours some Instances, wherein, we conceive, we are not impowered to execute our Trust to the best Advantage of the Publick: By the present Provision of the Act, all Arrears of Rent due from the 2d of November, or which shall hereafter become due; all Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures; all Debts due to forfeiting Persons; and all Bonds entered into for Security; are to be sued for in the Name of the King's Attorney General: We apprehend, many Debts of this kind may become due near the Expiration of our Commission, when there will not be time left us to recover them: Besides, we do humbly acquaint your Honours, That so many of the People of this Kingdom are so interested in the Forfeitures, that we have not hitherto thought it advisable to submit any thing to their Determination: We therefore do, with all Submission, lay it before your Honours, whether the Placing the last Result and Determination of these Matters in the Trust be not for the publick Service.

19. There is one other Part of the Act, which though 'jve apprehend may not want Explanation; yet because we find an Opinion industriously spread here, which may tend to the Discouragement of Purchasers, we think it our Duty to mention it to your Honours: The Construction put upon die Vesting Clause, FoL 8. is, That nothing

is vested in us, but what the forfeiting Person had; so that he that has any Demand to, or out of, any of the said forfeited or other Estates or Interests, expects to be at Liberty, w>hen our Commission is ended, to prosecute that Demand in the Courts here, though they have entered no Claim: Which Construction, we humbly conceive, may make the Claiming Clause of little Use: And, lest it should, in some Measure, frustrate the Ends of the Act, we lay it before your Honours; and submit it to your Consideration, how far the Validity of our Sales in general shall be left to be controverted any where, under any Pretence whatsoever.

20. We conceive also, that our not having Power, by the Act, to punish the Contrivers, Aiders, and Abettors, of false Claims, as well as the Claimants themselves, has been an Encouragement to Persons of Interest and Wealth, to procure Claims to be entered in the Names of insolvent People; whereby the Intention of the Act is defeated.

21. We do, further, humbly crave Leave to represent to your Honours, That if some Provision was made for enabling the Persons, having the Remainders, after the forfeited Estates for Lives, to mortgage their Interests, for the purchasing such Estates for Lives, they would become the best Purchasers; and that, in case such Persons, so in Remainder, were restrained from barring the forfeited Reversions vested in us, that the said Reversions would be more valuable than now they are; by reason of some Opinions prevailing here, that such Reversions may be barred by common Recoveries: And that if we had Power to accept and take Assignments, or Discharges of Incumbrances, claimed and allowed, as so much Monies for the Purchase of other Lands, most of the Persons having such Incumbrances would be the fairest Purchasers; which may increase the Number of Bidders, lessen the Burden of Interest, and expedite the Sales.

22. We were of Opinion, That the Quit and Crown Rents, issuing out of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests, vested in us, tvere, by Unity of Possession in his Majesty, extinguished; and that, in our Hands, they were not liable to such Rents, by the Words and plain Construction of the Act, that they shall be sold discharged of all Arrears: But the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue being advised, that the said Estates were chargeable with Quit and Crown Rents, during their Continuance in our Hands; we were willing, and did, for the Ease and Quiet of the Tenants, permit them to collect the said Rents in the usual Manner, and deposit them in the Exchequer: We do therefore most humbly represent this Matter to your Honours, for further Directions, whether these Rents shall be applied towards the Discharge of the publick Expence of this Kingdom, or go in Ease of the Subjects of England; and be applied, as Part of the Fund allotted by the said Act, to the Uses therein mentioned; such Rent amounting to about 5,000l. per Annum.

23. We think it incumbent on us to lay some few Cases before your Honours, as Objects of Compassion; and wherein the Provisions of the Act are, as we conceive, short of your Intentions.

24. The Lady Baroness Dowager of Upper-Ossory did claim the Benent of a Clause in the Act, for confirming a Grant from his Majesty, of a Maintenance to her, out of her late Husband's Estate, not exceeding 80 /. per Annum; And there being no Grant; but only a Letter from his Majesty, in order to a Grant; we humbly conceive, she is not so within the Letter of the Act, as to have an Allowance of her Claim: We have continued her in Possession, and chose rather to represent her Case, than disallow her Claim;

25. Captain James Rock is under the same Circumstance; only with this Difference, That, since the Act, his Grant is passed the Seals; and, as we humbly conceive, may want Confirmation.

26. The Grant of Francis de la Rue, made upon the most valueable Consideration, and intended to be 400l. per Annum, by reason of the Adjudication of some Persons within Articles, whose Estates were comprised in his

Grant,

Go

i3 W. III. io* Martii. 393

Grant, and by the Loss of a Diminicle, or original Mi- Families of English and French Protestants planted on Irish nates, which warrants the making up the Inquisition of the Lands of Portarlington, the Forfeiture of the late Sir Forfeitures, some other forfeited Lands in the County of Galway Patrick Trant; who have laid out their whole Substance within his Grant, he is like to be defeated of the greatest in purchasing small Leases now in being: Which Lands Part of his Majesty's gracious Intentions towards him. were Part of the Grant of the Right Honourable the Earl

27. We humbly crave Leave to acquaint your Ho- of Gallway; who hath thereon erected and founded an Hours, That Colonel Thomas Dimgan, commonly called English*.nd French Church, and School; and endowed Lord Lymerick, did not enter any Claim to his Brother's them with Pensions, amounting to near 100l. per Annum,

Estate within the time limited; whereby he is intitled which have been constantly paid till the said Lands were to the 8,000l. given him by the Act: And that he hath vested in us.

since offered to produce a Settlement, and to relinquish 30. Having, according to our Duty, laid before your his Interest in the 8,000l. if he might be admitted to Honours the best Account we can at present give of our claim, of which we could take no Cognizance: And here Proceedings; we most humbly beseech your favourable we ought to take Notice, That all the Claims on the said Interpretation of them: We are not insensible, That Estate are heard and determined, and that the Grantee in so large a Trust, ungrateful to so many, that there thereof hath sold to several Purchasers, to the Value of may be some Misrepresentations of our Actions; which 8,113/.; one Third-part whereof is charged, by Act of we hope will make no Impression upon your Honours, Parliament, as a Debt on the said Estate. till we have an Opportunity to vindicate ourselves: And

28. There is a great Estate forfeited for Life, by the we doubt not, but we shall so justify our Endeavours for Attainder of John Bourk9 late Lord Bophin; whose Wife the publick Service as to deserve your Protection: And and Nine Children have no Subsistence during the we crave Leave further to assure you, That as we esteem Father's Life: If some Provision were made before the the great Trust reposed in us to be the highest Honour Sale of the Estate, to enable them to treat with us for the that can be conferred; so we shall spare no Pains or Disposal of their reversionary Interest for Lands in Pos- Industry in the faithful Execution of it.

session, it might be a present Relief to the Family, and an Cyrill JVich O, John IshamO, H. Shere ©, John Advantage to the Sales: All which is humbly submitted Trenchard O, J. Baggs G, Hen. LangfordO, James to your Honours Commiseration. Hooper O, T. Harrison O, John Cary O, Wm.

29. We presume humbly to lay before your Honours Fellowes ©, Fr. Annesley ©, Tho. Raulins O. one further Object of Compassion: There are about 150 Dublin, 15th February 1700-1.

A List of the several Purchasers of Inheritance under the Grantees of forfeited Estates, and their respective Proportions of the One-and-twenty thousand Pounds allowed them by Act of Parliament made in England, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland\ and by a Land Tax in England\ for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

Purchase Meney.

Purchasers.

Proportion of the 21,000 /.

£ s. d.

300 0 0

2,500 0 0

3,000 0 0

900 0 0

733 6 8

80 0 0

45 0 0

600 0 0

1,000 0 0

2,000 0 0

1,250 0 0

400 0 0

90 0 0

1,500 0 0

i>750 0 0

582 6 8

133 18 0

328 3 10

100 0 0

357 0 0

M97 13 0

600 0 0

423 0 0

540 0 0

615 0 0

1,560 0 0

2,000 0 0

106 0 0

1,486 10 0

221 0 0

68 10 0

55 0 0

318 0 0

140 0 0

1,000 o 0 Vol. 13.

From the Earl of Albemarle.

Mark Baggott Esquire....

Francis Burton, James M‘ Donnelly and Nicholas 1 Vest by y Esquires -William Connelly Esquire ——

Walter Delama' - -

Sir Thomas Domoile Baronet ——

Nehemiah Donndan Esquire -

John Forster Esquire -

John Kent Esquire ——

Sir Richard Leving Knight -....

Robert Packenham Esquire -

Edward Riley Esquire - -

Wm. Robinson Esquire - - -....

Wm. Smith Esquire - ....

Edmund Stafford Esquire....

John French Deane -....

Frederick French Esquire -

From the Earl of Abercom.

James Hamilton Merchant

Robert King Gentleman - -....

Thomas Mavwell Merchant -

From the Earl of Athlone.

Timothy Armitage Esquire - -

Rich. Bamber Merchant.....-

Robert Bray Gentleman -

Robert Brown Gentleman....

Wm. Burgh Esquire -

Charles Campbell -....

Nehemiah Donnelan Esquire - -

Samuel Dopping Esquire - n - -

Norman Gas tin Gentleman - -

John Graham Alderman - -

Bryan Guning Gentleman -

Edward Leidger -....

John Leigh Esquire - -

Arthur Meredith Esquire....

Cha. Meredith Esquire -

Doctor Tho. Molyneux ——

5 H

£ s. d.

105 17 6 i

882 6 5*

,058 5 9

317 12 8*

258 16 31

28 4 8-J

15 17 7k

211 15 l i

352 18 7

705 17 2

441 3 *1

141 3 5

3i 15 3i

529 7 ioi

617 12 6

205 17 6j

47 5 l i

1*5 16 6i

35 5 10*

90 14 1

422 13 8 k

211 15 1 i

149 5 9i

190 11 71

217 1 oi

550 11 4*

705 17 2

37 8 2 k

524 12 7

77 »9 ni

24 3 6

*9 8 2f

112 4 7k

49 8 2|

352 lS 7

Purchase-

Irish

Forfeitures.

394 10° Martii. 170a

Purchase-money*

£ s. d.

121 0 0

452 0 0

65 0 0

330 0 0

140 0 0

20 0 0

300 0 0

870 0 0

1,470 0 0

208 0 0

425 0 0

430 0 0

352 13 0

80 0 0

9°o 0 0

550 9 0

105 0 0

88 6 0

730 0 0

70 0 0

200 0 0

346 0 0

»58 13 7 i

273 14 1

168 0 0

238 12 0

478 2 5

2,000 0 0

2,935 0 0

57 7 8

410 6 4

616 0 0

348 10 0

1,623 19 0

1,444 0 0

174 16 0

342 3 4k

1,469 14 6

105 10 4

1,031 1 6

144 12 9

14 0 0

16 6 8

128 4 2

316 6 4

459 !3 0

291 9 0

142 4 8

429 3 4

- 95 0 0

921 7 6

394 13 2

768 0 0

34 0 0

426 2 0

317 18 10

128 16 0

2,382 0 5k

272 0 0

300 0 0

839 15 4

177 6 8

315 6 8

188 0 3

16,731 13 4

17,484 12 0

362 1 10

730 0 0

Purchasers.

Wm. Newstead Esquire -

Henry Ogle Alderman - -

Tho. Park Gentleman - -

Peter Partington Gentleman - -

Abel Ram Esquire - -

Jeremiah Roscoe Gentleman -

Anderson Saunders Esquire -

Richard Shinton Gentleman -

Edward Singleton Alderman -

Robert Smith Esquire -

Wm. Southby Esquire -

Laurence Steel Esquire

Nic. Toller Gentleman -

Tho. Twigg Esquire - -

Barth. Vanhomugh Esquire

Henry Westnea Esquire - -

Richard Wilding Merchant -

Robert Willson Gentleman -

From Colonel Hen. LuttereU. Robert Molesworth Esquire -

From O Malan and McVeagh. William French Esquire -

From the Earl of Romney.

Captain John Bayly -James Barry Esquire -Captain Tho. Bellew -Francis Bernard Esquire -Peter Bedsworth Gentleman -

Allan Broderick Esquire -

Richard Burgh Clerk....

Benj. Burton Alderman....

Tho. Carter Esquire ——

Wm. Chaunders Gentleman -

Bay. Chetwood Esquire -

Daniel Connor Merchant - -

John Cook Esquire ——

Sir John Dillon - -

Abraham Dlcon Gentleman -

Imuc. Dowdall Esquire - - - , -

Sir Cha. Fielding ——

Edzv. Ford Esquire ——

Daniel Forrest Esquire -Colonel Peircy Freak -Edm. Graham Gentleman

Otwell Hayes ——

Edw. Hoare Alderman -

Lewis Jones Gentleman -

James Kierman Gentleman -

David Low - ....

Sir John Mead Knight

Cha. Meredith Esquire....

Joshua Mitchell ——

Abraham Morris Gentleman -

John Newenham Gentleman -

John Pacy Gentleman r

Wm. Palmer Esquire....

Thomas Pembrook -

Captain Steph. Piper -

Sir Rich. Pync Knight - -

Robert Pooley Esquire, in Trust for Lady Hull

Major Edm. Riggs ——

William Smith Gentleman -

Laurence Steel Esquire -

John Wade Esquire ——

William Wakeham Esquire -James Walsh Esquire - x -Wallis Warren Gentleman -

Totals of this Account.

Earl of Albemarle....

Earl of Athlone ——

Earl of Abercorne - -

Colonel Henry LuttereU....

Proportion of the 21,0001.

L s. d. 42 14 1 J59 10 5i 22 18 of 116 9 4

49 8 2f

7 1 2

1051 17 6*

307 0 11$

518 16 if

73 8 2f

149 - 19 lOf

148 4 7f

124 9 2f

28 4 8f

317 12 8f

194 2 21

37 1 1*

31 3 3f

257 12 9

24 14 if

70 11 8f

122 2 3§

56 0 of

96 11 iif

59 5 10

84 4 2

168 14 lOf

705 17 2

1,035 l6 11

20 5 Of

144 16 3

217 8 1

122 19 ii

573 2 9f

509 12 7

61 13 10

120 15 2|

518 14 2

37 4 9f

363 17 11

5i 11 of

4 18 9t

5 15 3t

45 4 nf

111 11 8f

162 4 5i

102 17 2f

50 3 Ilf

i5i 9 3f

33 10 6f

325 3 7

139 5 8f

271 0 nf

11 19 iif

150 , 7 8

112 4 2f

45 9 If

840 13 8f

95 11 nf

105 17 6f

296 7 6f

62 11 8f

111 5 9*

66 7 It

5.905 1 9f

6,170 16 4f

198 7 6-f

257 12 9

Purchase

i©0 Martii.

13 W III.

395

Jbans'

lion.

Purchase-money. Purchasers. Proportion of the 21,000l.

£ 70 0 0 23,923 ‘4 0 Malan and APVeagh - - - - Earl of Romney - £ s. d. 24 14 ii 8,443 7 5i

59,502 1 9 { 21,000 0 0

Ordered, That Two of the said Trustees do forthwith attend this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Amesley, who brought oyer the said Report, be discharged from his farther Attendance.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Gape Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return 01 Joshua JLomax Esquire, to serve for the Borough of St. Albans:

That the First Question, between the Petitioner and Sitting Member, was, the Right of Election; the Petitioner insisting, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Aldermen, Freemen, and such Ilousholders only as paid Scotland Lot; the Sitting Member insisting, That'th© Right of Election was in the Mayor, Aldermen, Freemen, and all Housholders, whether they paid Scotland Lot, or no.

And thereupon the Committee proceeded to examine several Witnesses.

The First Witness examined to that Point was,

Mr. Edmund Aylworth, the Town Clerk: Who said, That ne had lived in St. Albans about Thirty Years, and had known the several Elections for Twenty Years: He said, He believed that those who did not pay Scotland Lot had, during that time, voted; but the Reason was, That they were so tumultuous, that there was no opposing them, and they had always been marked with a Quare: But the same had never been contested, because of the great. Majority of one Side: However, he acknowledged, That Freemen had a Right to vote, whether they paid Scotland Lot, or no.

That, to maintain the Right of the Housholders at large, several Witnesses were produced on behalf of the Sitting Member; viz.

John Tisdale: Who had known St. Albans above Fifty Years.

John Lee: Who had known St. Albans Forty Years.

John Howard: Who had known St. Albans Sixty Years, and had been at several Elections: Who testified, That not only those who did pay Scotland Lot, but those that received Alms, have all along, to their Knowledge, voted without any Exception: But Mr. Lee said, They had been excepted to.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner did not think fit to call any other Witnesses, as to the Matter of Fact; but insisted upon it, That, by the Law of the Land, and in reason, those that did not contribute to the Charge of the Borough ought not to elect Representatives in Parliament for the same.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, and such Housholders only as pay Scotland Lot.

That the Committee having come to this Resolution, the Sitting Member's Counsel yielded the Majority to be with the Petitioner; but insisted, That, by Bribes and Treats he had procured the Majority; and was thereby rendered unqualified to sit in the House: And thereupon, they called several Witnesses; viz.

John Beeson, Jos. Eaton, Nath. Tibbs, Tho. Chandler;

Vol. 13.

The Substance of whose Evidence was, That Beeson, Eaton, and Tibbs were at Chandlers House the Monday before the Election, the Election being on Wednesday then following, and there were Mr. Thomas Gape, the Petitioner s Brother, and John Bernard, who desired their Votes for the Petitioner: That Beeson had fis. given him by Mr. Tho. Gape: That Eaton, on condition he would vote for the Petitioner, was promised, That my Lord should give him what he should desire in Reason: That Tibbs had Two Sixpences of Mr. Gape: That they staid at Chandlers till next Morning; and that Mr. Gape and Mr. Bernard paid the Reckoning, which came to Eight or Nine Shillings: However, they voted for Mr. Lomax: At the same time Chandler acknowledged, That, about a Week before the Election, he had drawn Drink to the Value of Forty Shillings, at tw:ice, for Mr. Tho. Lomax, the Sitting Member's Brother, w ho was a Candidate at the said Election: That he did not know, That Mr. Tho. I.o-max made an Interest for his Brother; but said, That Bee-son, Eaton, and Tibbs, and others, drank of it; of whom some voted for one Party, and some for another.

Mary Bouton, Thomas Lee, testified, That Mr. Foiher-gill, Mr. Gapes Nephew, made an Interest for Mr. Gape; and that Mr. Fothergi/l told the said Mary Bouton, That, if her Husband would vote for Mr. Gape, he would deliver up an old Lease of a House which her Husbahds Father bad bought of one Pooley: However, her Husband voted for both the Lomax's.

Thomas Someifield said, That, the Night before the Election, Mr. Gape's Nephew, Mr. Marson, came to his House, and asked him, Who he was for ? That he answered, He was for Mr. Lomax; but the said Marson replied, He had better poll for his Uncle, and then demanded a Guinea for a Gun, that the said Somerfield had of Mr. Marson's: But withal, told him, That if he would not poll at all, he, the said Marson, would have nothing for it: That accordingly he did not poll; and he met Mr. Marson afterwards; who told him, he was very well satisfied.

Mary Springatts&\d, Mr. Fothergi/l came to her House and told her, if her Husband would vote for Mr. Gape, her Husband should have as great a Share of Gawens Charity as any: And accordingly, he did vote for Mr. Joshua J*omax and Mr. Gape, but had not voted for Mr. Gape but for that Promise: She acknow ledged her Husband had received nothing, and did not pay Scotland Lot.

Jos. I*acker said, That Mr. Fothergill spake to him to be for Mr. Gape; and that he received 10 s. Charity Money given to the Town; which he did, as he guessed, receive upon the Account of his Vote: That he did vote for Mr. Gape and Mr. Lomax; but he acknowledged, That he did not pay Scotland Lot, nor was free of St. Albans.

Anne Harrop said, That she was, about a Week before the Election, with Mr. Gape, for some Part of the Charity Money: That Mr. Gapes Son told her, there was some left in the Mayors Hands; and asked her Husband's Vote for Mr. Gape; to which she replied, she did not know but hefr Husband might vote for him: And thereupon, he went and told his Father, who sent her Half a Crown by his Son; and afterwards, he sent his Son to her not to speak of it; for there was no more left: And the said Harrop said, That one Townsend: s Wile had it at the same time: And Townsend's Wife, being called in, confirmed the same: But it appeared, That Harrops Husband was admitted to live in the Parish by Certificate; and that Townsend did not pay Scotland Lot.

Henry Beech said, That he went to Richard Martin; and told him he would vote for Mr. Gape, if he could

pick

Limitation and Succession of the Crown.

396

pick up 20 and Martin said, His Business should be done: And that old Mr. Gape asked his Voice for his Son; and said, If he would give his Son a Voice, he should have Part of the Charity Money: And, accordingly he ordered him 10 s. which he received of the said Martin; and afterwards told him, That Mr. Lomax could do him no Kindness, but we can: But he acknowledged he did not pay to Scotland Lot.

)Vm. Butler was examined: Who said little more, than that the Earl of Marlborough was present at the Election; but he did not observe, that he meddled in it.

For the Petitioner, it was insisted, That there was very irregular and indirect Practices, on the other Side: And called,

Mr. John Fothergill, a Clergyman: Who said, That the Mob were so rude, they were ready to pull off his Gown, and insulted him in the Streets, when he went to speak on the behalf of Mr. Gape: That Mr. Gapes Friends, upon the Scrutiny, proved Twelve who voted for Mr. Lomax to have no Right; but the Mayor said, Those Things ought to be tried above: That the Mob threatened the Mayor in case he returned Mr. Gape; and put up these Verses on his House:

" If you return Lomax, we'll be still as a Mouse:

" If you return Gape, then down comes your House.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Joshua Lomax Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Gape Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Albans.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Declared, That the said Election for the said Borough of St. Albans is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, in the room of Joshua Lomax Esquire, whose Election is declared to be void.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Succession.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

A. 1700.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's gracious Speech, which relates to the Succession.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Co311

And then the Husoe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 11* die Martii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

ABIL L for vesting the Estate of Sir John Boztycr Ba- Bow^i ronet in Trustees, to enable him to make a Settle- Maniaj ment, in order to his Marriage, was read a Second time. Scttleni1 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Edward Norreys, Sir John Mordant, Sir John Leveswi Gower, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Hen. Goff,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Dyet, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Weston, Mr. Calthrop, Mr. Stonekouse, Sir Fra. Massam,

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Birch, Mr. Stringer,

Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Freke, Mr. Dolben, '

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Greville, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. Vetney, Mr. Sco-bell, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Chandler,

Mr. Blofeldy and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford and Wanvick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of KeUiow'i Christopher Kelliow Esquire; and for the raising Por-£,tate> tions, and Maintenance, for his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his Father's Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scobell,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mounsteven, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gulston, Sir John Leves. Gower, Mr. Piideaux, Sir Hump. Mad-worth, Mr. Williams, Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Wm. Coriton,

Mr. Hamond, Mr. Clark, Sir William Hustler, Lord JVm. Powlett, Mr. Pitfkld, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Henley, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Yates, Mr. Boscawen; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Charles Bertie Esquire, according to Order, presented Navy to the House an Account, as he was late Treasurer and Paymaster of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance, of all Monies by him received, paid, and transferred, for his Majesty's Service, in the said Office, by Land and Sea, between the 5th of November 1688, and the 30th of June 1699.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as follows; viz.

io° — ii# Martii.

Ab

g

eg;

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

O'

o

CO

An ACCOUNT of the Honourable Charles Bertie Esquire, late Treasurer and Paymaster to the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance, of all Monies by him received and paid, for his Majesty's Service in the said Office, by Land and Sea, from the 5th of November 1688, to the 30th of June 1689; and so annually continued to the 30th of June 1699, being the Time of his Removal from the said Office,

ACCOUNTANT, Dr.

To Money remaining in Cash") the 5th November 1688 ~y From the 5th of November^ 1688, to the 30th June' 1689 -)

From the 30th June 1689, the 30th of June 1690 -> From the 30th June 1690, to*) 1691 -j

.Si

O M H

the 30th of June From the 30th June 1691, to the 30th of June 1692 From the 30th June 1692, to) the 30th of June 1693 - 3 From the 30th June 1693, to7 the 30th of June 1694 - y

From the 30th June 1694, to the 30th of June 1695 From the 30th June 1695, to' the 30th of June 1696 From the 30th June 1696, to the 30th of June 1697 From the 30th June 1697, toV the 30th of June 1698 From the 30th June 1698, toV b the 30th of June 1699 - j!

Total received within Ditto) time, and remaining in>

1

Cash, as above

Land Service. Sea Service. Total of both. PER CONTRA, Cr. Land Service, Sea Service. Total of both.

£ d. £ S. d. s. d. f £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

2,000 0 0 i,925 8 1$ 3,925 8 H ' From the 5th of November*) 1688, to the 30th June 16893 46,337 0 4 27,168 9 0 73,505 9 4

51,960 15 7 25,980 7 0 77,941 2 7 From the 30th June 1689,to) the 30th of June 1690 - J 136,000 0 0 100,562 7 10$ 236,562 7 104

193,884 9 2$ 108,443 .2 7$ 302,327 11 9» From the 30th June 1690, to*) the 30th of June 1691 - J 200,000 0 0 160,417 3 14 360,417 3 14

134,910 12 10$ 162,243 6 84 297,153 *9 7 From the 30th June 1691, to*) the 30th of June 1692 - y 170,078 10 44 107,000 0 0 277,078 10 44

204,806 10 7f 106,958 0 9l 311,764 n 5 -d 'c3 a. From the 30th June 1692, to) the 30th of June 1693 - j 160,204 . 7 2 151,962 9 94 312,166 16 Ilf

182,876 9 8$ 177,575 7 74 360,451 17 4 CO ‘c 1 From the 30th June 1693 to*) the 30th of June 1694 - y 140,050 17 1$ 104,000 2 0 244,650 19 if

148,890 1 0$ 113,250 0 0 262,140 l 0$ O 3 From the 30th June 1694, to*) the 30th of June 1695 - y 187,060 14 44 170,505 3 2 357,565 17 6i

186,436 9 7i 170,007 13 8 356,444 3 3$ £ From the 30th June 1695, to*) the 30th of June 1696 . - y 129,504 5 4 99,420 4 6 228,924 9 10

184,583 8 4 175,367 1 10 359,950 10 2 From the 30th June 1696, to") the 30th of June 1697 - > 236,227 17 0 210,330 2 04 446,557 19 0$

218,065 3 10$ 197,500 0 0 415,565 3 10} From the 30th June 1697, to7 the 30th of June 1698 - y 76,025 14 4 74,025 3 4$ 150,050 17 8$

86,892 13 10$ 102,278 9 10$ 189,171 3 8$ From the 30th June 1698, to*) the 30th of June 1699 - J 78,636 13 7 113,365 17 5$ 192,002 1.1 of

34,485 12 6$ 21,248 14 0$- 55,734 6 7$ By Monies transferred to the) succeeding Treasurer per> u Privy Seal,) 69,066 7 7$ 44,020 10 0 113,086 17 7*

1,629,792 7 3$ 1,362,777 12 4 2,992,566 19 7$ Total paid and transferred) within Ditto time is - - j 1,629,792 7 3$ 1,362,777 12 4 2,992,569 19 7$

.PL

Memorandum: The several Years Accounts above-mentioned, to the 30th of June 1697, have been annually made up, examined, and passed, by the Office of the Ordnance; and the same, with the proper Vouchers, all delivered up to the Auditors; and the said Accounts declared by the Lords of the Treasury; and the Accountant's Quietus had thereupon for his Discharge, without any Privy Seal obtained to supply the Wants of due and regular Vouchers, as may be certified by the Auditors.

The Two other Accounts, for the Years ending the 30th of June 1698, and the 30th of Junfe 1699, are made up, and lie before the Board of Ordnance for their Examination; and to be sent to the Auditorsj with the Vouchers thereunto belonging, to be by them examined, in order for a Quietus to be had for the full Discharge of this Acountant.

Charles Bertie.

00

1

'O

Vaughan's

Marriage

Articles.

Steyning

Election.

Committee of Privileges,

Lieutenancies of Counties.

Barrington's

Estate.

Martii.

A. 1700.

Ordered, That the said Account do* lie upon^he Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to enahleWilliam Vaughan Esquire, anj Frances Vaughan his intended Wife, being both under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to perform Articles rmade for their Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Cha. ffotham, Sir Joseph Mill, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Freeman, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Mompessm, Mr. Birch, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Gwyn, Sir JoA/a Phillips, Mr. Harris, Sir Ozyerc Buckingham, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Markes, Mr. Chartdler, Mr. Bulkley, Sit Jeffery Jefferyes, Mr.; and ail that serve for the County of Herefoi'd, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Petition of Cixarks Goreing Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Sir Robert Fagg, stood Candidates at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir John Fagg, deceased.: That the said Sir Robert, by Bribery, and many illegal Practices, did endeavour to get a Majority of Voices for him; but the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes for him, and he ought to have been returned; yet the Constable of the said Borough, being.threatened and over-awed by the said Sir Robert Fagg, hath returned him, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do appoint the Matter of the said Petition to be heard upon this Day Fortnight.

Occasions for the said Portion,.refuses to pay the same, but upon such unreasonable Terms, as would be a great Wrong to the Petitioner, and his Posterity: And praying, That Leave may be given Jo bring in a Bill to enable hjm to charge Part of his Estate, for securing the Payment of his Debts, until his Lady's Portion be paid in; and also to settle a Jointure on his Lady, in lieu of her Portion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mt. Conyers and Mr. Gwyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sit Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to Poor, the House a Bill for the setting the Poor on Work; and for the providing for such as are not able to work: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ;Pri- Banbury vileges and Elections, touching the Double (Return for Election. 1 the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Limitation Committee of Jthe whole House, to consider further ,ctf and Succes* that Part of his Majesty's gracious Speech, which relates to the Succession.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. ConyersX00k the -Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That in case, upon the Days the Committee of Privileges and Elections is to sit, there shall he a Debate in the Hoi^se held till Four a Clock, the said Debate shall be then adjourned till a further Day.

Mr. Secretary If edges acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased, pursuant to their Address, to give him Directions to lay before the House several Lists of the Lieutenancy in the several Counties: And he presented the same to the House accordingly; and a Scheme of them:

And further acquainted the House, That the said Lists are as perfect as they can be made from the Council Books; and that, in order to make thetp mpre perfect, his Majesty had been pleased to direct circular Letters to be written to the Lord Lieutenants for their Lists of the Lieutenancy; and that as soon as the same come to him, they will also be laid before the House.

The said Lists are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lists do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Sir Charles Barrington Bayonet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath lately intermarried with the only Daughter of William Lord Fitz Williams, of the Kingdom of Ireland; who, before Marriage, agreed tq give 10,000l. Portion with his Daughter, and the Petitioner was to settle a suitable Jointure; who, being only Tenant in Tail, cannot do it without an Act of Parliament: That the Petitioner having also incurred some Debts, which were also agreed Jo be paid off with his said intended Portion; the said Lord Fitz Williams, knowing, the Petitioner's pressing

Mercurii, 12* die Martii;

13* Willielmi Tertii, Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

APETITLON of the Clothiers of his Majesty's Army Army was presented to the House, and read; set- Arrears, ting forth, That by a late Act of Parliament for Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, there was 300,0001. appropriated for discharging the Subsistence, Off-reckonings, and Clearings, of his Majesty's Guards and Garisons, for One Year, to the 25th of December 1700: That the Petitioners are in titled to the Off-reckonings, there being Six Months Cloathing of the said Year in Arrear to them; and the Subsistence and Clearings are fully paid off, and the whole 300,000l. paid away, without any Satisfaction to the Petitioners: And praying, That some , Part of the Funds that shall be given this Session, may be applied to discharge the said Debt due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Tregonell Luttrell, of Dunstar Castle, in Mineheai the County of Somersett, Esquire, was presented to the Harbour. House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of Minehead, in the Severn Seas, is of great Benefit to the Western Parts of England, and all Seafaring Men, and founded at the private Costs of George Luttrell Esquire, the Petitioner's Ancestor, Anno 1616, at the Expence of above 10,000l.; and was afterwards constituted, by Act of Parliament, a staple P<?rt, which hath ever since been

yearly

‘13 W. III.

yearly supported «at( the great Spence of the Petitioner's Family; but, within these few Years, the 'Violent Alteration of the Tides hath so choaked up the old Pier, that, unless somespeedy and eftectualCarebe taken to stop the growing Beach, 'that rises at the Mouth of the Harbour,

the same will become useless; the Petitioner, who is at a constant yearly Charge to maintain the old Work, being unable to bear the Expence which the necessary new Works will require: And praying, That Leave may be given to'bring'in a Bilhfor the better Reparation and Maintenance of lthe said Harbour.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, tto the House:

And it is referre^to Mr. ‘Gzryn, Sir John Trevillian, Sir Geo. Hooke, Sir John Mordant, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Blofield, Sir Robert 1Cotton, Mr. Mount-steoens, SivPFm. Phippard, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Sir Humph, Mackworth, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Rolt; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ites Ordered, That Mr. Vemey, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, nt0. Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Harvey, Six Humphry Mackwoi'th, Tsmujus §;r Richard Onslow, Mr. Russell Roberts, Mr. Ray her, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lewis Girard, and others, is referred.

ay A Petition of John Oates, in behalf of himself and m' many others, who served his Majesty in the Regiment commanded lately by the Honourable Brigadier Hugh Windham, being Go in Number, or upwards, was presented to the House, and read; setting furth, That there are considerable Sums due to the Petitioners for Subsistence, and Clearings; which, as they are informed, has been received by the said Brigadier, to the Amount of about 100l. a Man; the which has been often demanded of the said Brigadier, but he refuses to pay the same: And praying, That the said Brigadier may be brought to an Account with the Petitioners, and pay them their just Dues.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and state the Fact to the House.

ileWater- Sir Robert Dovers, according to Order, presented to lki* the House a Bill for the furnishing die Town of New Beale with fresh Water: And the same was received.

fiying A Petition of the Company of Goldsmiths, in the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Clause in a late Act of Parliament, for encouraging thp bringing in of wrought Plate to be coined, there is but One Mark to be put upon all Silver Wares, upon Forfeiture of the same; which Mark is appropriated to the Company of Goldsmiths of London only; whereby the Petitioners are rendered incapable of exercising their Trades, to theit utter Ruin: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Goldsmiths of the City of Exon is referred: And that Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Mounstccens, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Blofield, be added to the said Committee.

pw* Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plan-"of tations do lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings for Improvement of Trade, since the 21st of March 1699, being the time of the Delivery of their last Account.

fry A Petition of the Proprietors of the Malt Lottery ktl3, Tickets yet unpaid was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been pos-V01.13,

399

sessed of the said Tickets'near Four Years, without receiving any Part of the Principal, Or Interest, which amounts to above 700,000 /. and is deficient: That the said Tickets are nowat^a Discount of above 30/. perCent; and must be a great Loss to the Petitioners, unless the House make some effectual Provision for their Credit and Payment:

And praying, That the Deficiency of the said Tickets may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. 'Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the Ease of House a Bid for the better Ease of Sheriffs in passing Sheriffs, their Accounts: And the same was received.

Mr. Stringer reported from the Committee, to whom Charges of it was referred to exahiine into the Matter of a Letter that J*nbeiT was written down to Brambe?', to corrupt the said Borough in the last Election of Members of Parliament there,

That they had examined into the said Matter accordingly; and bad directed him to report the same fe the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk $ Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken the Ekamination of several Persons, the same is as followeth*:

Mr. Thomas Waller, attending, according to Order, produced a Letter, dated the 17th of December 1700, from one William Clifton, his Uncle; wherein, amongst other Things, is written;

" I have a Person that is suitable fora Member to serve " for your Town of Bramber: I will fling away 100l. or <c such a Thing, unknown to him: If you can be his " Friend, I can fling 200l. into the River of Bramber

Mr. Waller said, He never answered the said Letter; nor ever asked Clif ton who the Person was he had recommended; he looking upon him to be a dangerous Man.

That Clifton was present and busy about the Election, and told him he took it unkindly he had never answered his Letter.

That the said Clifton being summoned to attend the Committee, the Serjeant's Messenger, who went to serve him with the Order, acquainted the Committee, That Mr, C/ftons Landlady told him, That Mr. Clifton had left his Lodgings the Friday before; and that she had heard since, that he wras gone into Scotland.

Mr. Harvey said, That he, being at Bramber at the Election, was in Mr. Clifton's Company there; and that Clifton shewed him a Letter, which he said he had received from Mr. Millman, by the Hands of one Mr. Alexander Cutting; which said Cutting was directed, by the said Letter, to apply himself to Clifton for to/.; and Clift oh w as to place it to the Account of Mr. Shepherd.

Mr. Cutting said, That he did receive a Letter from Mr. Millman, the Week after Christmas last, to carry to Mr. Clifton; and that he was to apply himself to Clfton for. 10/. for which Sum he had given Mr. Millman a Note, when in Town; and believes the Money was to be placed upon Mr. Shepherd's Account* had it been paid; but Clfton pretending he had not Money, the said Cutting brought back the Letter to Mr. Millman, and had his Note delivered to him again:

That Clifton told him, That Mr. Millman was to have 100l. for his Interest in the said Election.

Mr. William Millman, attending the Committee, said,

He did write a Letter to Mr. Clfton at Bramber, and sent it by Mr. Cutting, who was to have received 10/. of Clfton, Cutting having given him a Note for so much here; but that there was no Direction to place the same to the Account of Mr. Shepherd.

And, being asked to pfoduce the said Letter, he said,

That one Mr. Perris, of the Sik Clerks Office, advised him to bum the same; which he did do about the beginning of last Week, because there was an Indorsement thereupon, which, he believes, was w ritten by Clifton, and

signed

Martii.

Charges of Bribery at Bramber Election.

400

signed S. S.; which Indorsement he thought would have done Mr. Shepherd a Prejudice; but that he had kept a Copy of the Letter without the Indorsement; and produced a Paper, which he said imported such Letter.

But the said Mr. Harvey confronting him, said, That Letter was not a true Copy of the Letter he saw Clif ton had from Cutting, because the Direction of placing the i 0/. to the Account of Mr. Shepherd was omitted.

Mr. Millman, upon his further Examination, said, That, upon the 27th Day of December last, Mr. Martin, a Member of this House, came to him, and desired him to go with him to a Coffee-house; which he did: And in a private Room up Stairs in the Coffee-house, was Mr. Samuel Shepherd; which Mr. Shepherd, applying himself to Mr. Millman, told him, He knew the great Interest he had at Bramber; and therefore desired he would recommend a Gentleman he should propose to him; but refused then to name him, but desired the Recommendation might be by Letter, and that he would leave a Blank for the Name therein; which he did do: And Mr. Shepherd afterwards told him, the Gentleman he had his Recommendation for, was one Mr. Paschall, and his Name was put into the Blank of the Letter which was sent to Mr. Clifton:

That Mr. Shepherd told him, he had hired the said Cutting a Coach to go down to Bramber about the said Election, and had put 20 Guineas into his Pocket:

But that Clifton having written to Dolby Thomas, who communicated the same to Mr. Shepherd, That he found there was Money to be spent, and that it would cost 2 or 300l. more; Mr. Shepherd said, That as he had given Clifton Money already, he would not send him any more, nor go on any further in the Election.

Mr. Millman said further, That he having an Account from Cutting of the said Election, who told him, That Mr. Asgill had not fair Play; and that the Town would petition the House against the said Election; and that he had gotten a Petition drawn;

Upon which Mr. Shepherd came to Mr. Millman, and desired he would put a Stop to the Petition, because, he said, it would make a Clamour; and that Mr. Millman did stop the same accordingly:

That, upon Saturday the 1st of March, at Night, he was sent for to meet Mr. Shepherd at the Blue Posts; where was Mr, Shepherd, his Two Sons, Mr. Martin, Dalby Thomas, and one Mr. Lawton; which Mr. Lawton proposed a Method of Interrogation and Answ ers, upon a Supposition there should be an Examination of the said Letter; and told him, That he might say. That as he was sitting in a Coffee-house, a Gentleman came to him, a Stranger, and told him, He had heard of what Interest he had at Bramber; and therefore desired he would give him such Letter of Recommendation:

To which Mr. Millman making Answer, That Mr. Clifton would be able to contradict such Proposition;

He was told, Clifton could not come in; for he was gone upon a Commission into Yorkshire:

And Mr. Shepherd several times desired him not to mention his Name upon any Examination; and that, if he would stand Buff, they could make nothing of the said Letter:

That when he told them, He must speak the Truth, if he was examined, they upbraided him with being fearful and timorous:

That they had several Meetings upon Mr. Shepherd's Desire; and was to prevail upon Mr. Millman not to take Notice of Mr. Shepherd's Name upon any Examination: That, upon Mr. Millmaris applying himself to Mr. Dodd for Advice in the Premises, in case of an Examination, Mr. Dodd advised him to tell the whole Truth.

That, upon the Examination of other Letters, produced to the said Committee, there appeared to be one from the said Mr. Cutting to Mr. Millman, dated the 2d January 1700; whereby, among the rest that stood for Candidates, he writes, " And your Friend, which is not here;'* and

A. iqoo.

further writes, " Here is Money brought down, and, I " believe, delivered amongst your Tenants."

And Mr. Cutting, who wrote the Letter, being asked to explain the said Letter; he said, He believed the Contents to be true, because those Tenants refused to vote for Mr. Stringer, but did so for Mr. Owen, who was a perfect Stranger to the Borough; which occasioned his Supposition of their being bribed.

That, by another Letter from the said Cutting to Mr. Millman, dated January the 4th, Twelve a Clock at Night, 1700 $ wherein is written, " I have Two Votes " promised, which is their own Houses: I have promised c< them 10/. apiece to mend their Houses: It has cost me " 13/. already: I hope you have returned me Money:

" It is too late to send a Messenger on purpose."

Mr. Cutting said, The Meaning of that Letter was, that Mr. Millman told him, That, if he sent a Messenger, he would return him 100l. to repair the Tenants Houses; and that was no Bribery; but that Money was not sent, because Mr. Millmaris Interest miscarried.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That there hath been many indirect and corrupt Practices, in order to procure an Election at the said Borough of Bramber.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That there hath been Endeavours and tampering with Witnesses, in relation to the Evidence to be given, concerning the corrupting the Electors for the said Borough of Bramber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Lawton, named in the said Report, was at the Door, and desired to be heard concerning the Matter that was charged upon him;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lawton be called in, and heard.

Mr. Lawton was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted with what was charged upon him in the said Report.

To which he was heard.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Lawton is guilty of tampering with Witnesses, and endeavouring to suppress the Evidence to be given concerning the corrupting the Electors for the said Borough of Brambei\

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lawton be, for the said Persons Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms ordered i attending this House. Custody

Ordered, That Mr. Dalby Thomas, named in the said Report, be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Millman, named in the said Report, be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Alexander Cutting hath endeavoured, by Bribes, and other indirect Practices, to corrupt the Electors for the said Borough of Bramber.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Alexander Cutting be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take the said Report into further Consideration.

Ordered, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, &- Mcmbei mud Shepherd junior, Esquire, Francis Shepherd, Esquire, aJtend‘ and Joseph Martin Esquire, do attend this House in their their Places, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Limits! Committee of the wdiole House, to whom it was referred and Su< to consider of that Part of his Majesty's gracious Speech, 8100 01 which relates to the Succession, the Resolutions which Uown' they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Things relating to the well Governing of this Kingdom shall be transacted in Council; and all

Resolutions

ia° Martii.

13 W. III. i a* — i f Martii. 401

Resolutions taken thereupon shall be signed by the £rtvy Coqncil.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person whatsoever, that is not a Native of England, Scotland, or Ireland, or of the Dominions thereunto belonging; or who is not born of English Parents beyond the Seas; although such Person be naturalized, or made Denizen; shall be capable to be of the Pnvy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to enjoy any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person whatsoever, that is not a Native of England, Scotland, or Ireland, or of the Dominions thereunto belonging; or who is not born of English Parents beyond the Seas; although such Person be naturalized, or made Denizen; shall be capable of any Grant of Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, from the Crown, to himself, or any other in Trust for him.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the further Limitation of the Crown, in case the same shall hereafter come to any Person not being a Native of this Kingdom of England, this Nation be not obliged to engage in any War for the Defence of any Dominions or Territories not belonging to the Crown of England, without the Consent of Parliament.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committefe, That whosoever shall hefeaftgr Come to the Possession of this Crown, shall join in Communion with the Church of England, as by Law established.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That ho Pardon be pleadable to an Impeachment in Parliament.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person who shall hereafter come to the Possession of this Crown, shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament.

The 10th Resolution being read a Second timfe;

An Amendment was proposed to be, made thereto; by leaving out " but, upon the Address of either " House of Parliament, it may be lawful to remove " them

And the Question being put, That those Words do stand Part of the said Resolution}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Judges Commissions be made quam diu se bene gess&'int, and their Salaries ascertained and established; but, upon the Address of either House of Parliament, it may be lawful to remove them.

The 11th Resolution, being read a Second time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions:

And it is referred to Mr. Conyers, Mr: Attorney General, Mr. Gzvyn, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. hmmdes, Sir John Bolles, Sir Rowland Gwyn, to prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this Hoyse will, upon Monday Morn- Supply* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of, the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for setting the Poor on Work; poor, and for providing for such as are not able to work; be read upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Comtfcittew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jm

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ho Person who has an Office under the King, or receives a Pension from the Crown, shall be capable of serving as a Member of the House of Commons.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That further Provision be made for the Confirming of all Laws and Statutes for Securing our Religion, and the Rights and Liberties of the People.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Judges Commissions be made quam diu se bene gesserint, and their Salaries ascertained and established; hut, upon the Address of either House of Parliament, it may be lawful to remove them.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Princess Sophia, Duchess Dowager of Hanover, be declared the next in Succession to the Crown of England, in the Protestant Line, after his Majesty and the Princess, and the Hen's of iheir Bodies, respectively: And that the further Limitation of the Crown be to the said Princess Sophia, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto; viz.

After " Kingdom/' to insert " which are properly " cognizable in the Privy Counciland to leave out " intouncil," and insert " there

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committeee in the said Resolution, so amended, That all Things relating to the well Governing of this Kingdom, which are properly cognizable in the Privy Council, shall be transacted there; and all Resolutions taken thereupon shall be signed by the Privy Council.

The 2d, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. 13.

Jovis, 13# die Martii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1700-ii Prayers.

MR. Birch, according to Order, presented to the Cormptfog House a Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Jurors: Juror*.

And the same was received.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Halifax, Halifax Poor, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very much oppressed with poor People; and the Charge will further increase, without some speedy Care; to prevent which, the Petitioners have undertaken to employ such as are able to work, and provide for the Impotent; but cannot proceed therein without an Act of Parliament: And praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Town a Corporation for regulating their Poon Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Fairfax, and Sir John Kay, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Mary Stout Widow, was presented to stout's the House. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read in a full House.

A Bill for furnishing the Town of New Deal with D«d Water-fresh Water was read the First time. work*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom King's Bench the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and w*d Fleet Fleet was committed, That they had made several Amend* Pn80Df* ments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report 5 K to

M&rsham's

Estate.

Batfbafy

Election.

462

13* Martiu 1700.

to the House; which he read in his FlaCe; and afterwards The House being informed, That one of the Audi- Fees to delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were tors of his Majesty's Land Revenue was at the Door;

Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Revenw one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Housean Account ofallsuch FeesandAllowancesasbelong with some Amendments made to some of them, agreed to the several Auditors of his Majesty's Land Revenue, unto by the House. And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- And the Title thereof wa9 read: grossed.

And the Account is as followeth; viz. £. s. d.

For a Debet, and Quietus cst, for a Farmer, or Fee-farmer, Bailiwick, or Reveship - - - 0 3 8

For a Debenture for the Receipt of any Fee, Annuity, Pension, or Rent-resolute - - 0 3 8

For a Search of the Inrolment or Record being in the Office, 3 $. 4 d.; if lodged at Westminister - o lo 0

Eor a Constat of a Debitor Charge -.....084

For the Inrolment of any Warrant, or Order of Court - -0134

For drawing and ingro9sing a Particular of a Rent-charge, or Fee-farm Rent, to be passed away - 168

For the Inrolment of every Patent Lease of One Farm, Commission, or Institution - - ^0134

For Inrolment, or other Grant of Perpetuity - -16 8

For entering and examining the several Duplicates of any Tax granted to his Majesty by Act of Parliament; making out brief States; drawing and ingrossin® the Account, and attending the Baron f 042 therewith; for Declaration at 6 d. per Pound, out of the Receivers Poundage-money; which, for£ each 1,000l. granted to the Crown, and paid into the Exchequer, is - - - - v

For entering and examining the several Duplicates for the Tax granted to his Majesty on Houses making out brief States; drawing and ingrossing the Account, and attending the Baron therewith; > 500

for Declaration, 51, per Annum for each County - -y

For Copies of any Record, by the Sheet - - - .008

To the Two Auaitors, who make up the Cofferers Account yearly - - - - - -30 0 0

All which is most humbly submitted to this Honourable House.

Ant. Parsons, Auditor.

Henry Shales, Auditor.

Cha. Chetuytid, D. Auditor.

To the Auditor of Wales, for calculating, examining, and passing, every Sheriff's Account; ingrossing}

the same with a Quietus est; and all Things thereunto belonging *.....) ? U 4

\ Cha. Chetwynd, D. Auditor.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Doctor Newton and Mr. Gay:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire; and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in tietifdrdshire are settled: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Double Return for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxon; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee have inspected and examined the Matter of the Double Return for Banbury.

That, upon Inspection of the Record, they find, That Charles North Esquire is returned by one Indenture; and that John Dormer Esquire is returned by another Indenture.

That, in Banbury, at present, and at the time of the Election, and for about Two Years last past, there have been Two contending Mayors; and which of them Two was the proper Officer to make the Return, was the Question before the Committee.

That this Fact was agreed on by both Parties, That Mr. Thorp was Mayor of Banbury, and died before his Year was up; viz. the 25th of February 1698; but the* Question in Dispute was, which was his lawful Successor.

That the Corporation, by Charter, consists of Twelve Aldermen, Six Capital Burgesses, and Thirty Assistants; and the Mayor is to be chosen out of the Aldermen; that is-to say, upon the annual Choice of a Mayor, the Alder-imu, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, have a Right to

vote; but if a Mayor die within a Year, then his Successor tpr the remaining Part of the Year is to be chosen by the Aldermen and Burgesses only.

That Mr. North's Return Being affixed next to the Writ, his Counsel first began to maintain his Return, which was by John West senior; whose Succession to Thorp they derived thus: That, after the Death of Mr. Thorp, one Welshman was chosen Mayor for the succeeding Part of the Year; to him succeeded John West junior; and to John West junior succeeded John West, senior; who made the Return of Mr. North.

That to make out Mr. West senior s Title of Mayor, the Counsel for Mr. North first proceeded to make out who had the Right of electing the Mayor of Banbury: And, for that, they produced their Charter of Confirmation, 6* Jacobi y which says, That the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Chamberlain, and Assistants of the Borough of Banbury, sive major pars eofum, de tempore in tempus, in perpetuum, perpetuis futuris temporibus, authoritatem et potestatem habeant, et habebunt, atinu-atim, et quolibet anno, in die Lunoe, qui primo et proxime evenerit, accident, et contigerit, in mense Septembris, eli-gendi et nominandi, et quod eligere et nominare possint et valeant unum de alderamannis burgi pnedicti fore et esse majorem burgi pnedicti, to continue from Michaelmas Day following for One whole Year; and that the Mayor, so elected, before he be admitted to execute his Office, sacramentum corporate coram ultimo majore proedecessore suo, seu ejus deputato, aut seniore alder-inanno, et cseteris aldermannis, et capitallibus burgensi-bus burgi praedicti, vel tot eorum, qui adtunc interesse voluerint, in et supra quodlibet festum sancti Michaelis Arehangeli, proximum post electionem et nominationem suam, pvaestabit: And the Charter further provides, That if the Mayor shall die within a Year, or, for just Cause, be removed, Quod tunc et toties bene liceat £t licebit resi-duis de aldermannis burgi praedicti, et capitalibus bur-gensibus burgi pracdicti, adtunc superviventibus vel re-manentibus, pro tempore existentibus, vel majore parte eorundem, unum alium de aldermannis pnedicti burgi in locum et officium ipsius majoris burgi praedicti sic mori, vel amoveri, contigentis, eligere et preeficere, secundum ordinationem et provisionem in his pnesentibus^dedaratas:

i3 W. III.

13° Ma

et quod ille sic electuS et praefectus in officio iftajoris burgi praedicti, officium illud habeat et exerceat, durante residuo ejusdem anni, sacramentum coporale in forma prasdicta prius prasstante; et, si nullum deputatum fecerit tunc succedat in ejus locum, officium, et authoritatem, senior aldermannus dicti burgi, pro tempore domi existens* ad faciendum et exequendum omnia et singula, quae dictus major, si prassens fuerit, exequeretur aut faceret The Charter also grants, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, shall for ever have and hold a Court of Record, in every Week throughout the Year, coram majore burgi praedicti, vel ejussufficiente deputato, ac uno also aldermanno burgi praedicti, necnon recordatore ejusdem burgi pro tempore existente, vel ejus sufficients deputato, et duobus capitalibus burgensibus burgi praedicti, vel aliquibus tribus eorum, quorum major, vel ejus deputatus pro tempore existens, unum esse volumus.

That the Counsel for Mr. North also produced a Copy of By-laws, made, amongst other Things, for the regulating the Elections of Mayors; by which By-laws it is provided, That, at the Choice of every Mayor, the Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy, or senior Alderman, shall call unto him the next senior Alderman, and junior Alderman, and senior and junior Burgess, who shall separate themselves from the rest of the Company, and go into the little Chamber, and, by most of their Voices, shall agree upon One of the Aldermen to stand to succeed to be Mayor for the Year following; which Alderman, so agreed upon, shall depart into the minor Chamber, and there remain till he be called; Whereupon the Mayor for the Time being, and all the Aldermen and Burgesses, Chamberlain, and Assistants, shall proceed by Voices ta the allowing, or disallowing, the said Choice, in manner following; viz. Every one of the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Chamberlain, and Assistants present, shall openly give his Voice to the said Choice affirmatively, dr negatively, to be taken by the Chamberlain, or Town Clerk; and if the more Part of the said Assembly shall dislike erf the said Alderman proposed, then the Mayor, Two Aldermen, and Two Burgesses shall, proceed to the Naming of some other Alderman, who shall be tried in like manner; and so* continuing the same Course, until; One shall be agreed upon to be one of the Aldermen to stand in Election to be Mayor of the said Borough for One whole Year, from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel then next following; which being done, the like Course shall be taken for the Naming of One other Alderman, One of which shall be elected Mayor for the Year following, as aforesaid: And then the Mayor, Alder-iften, Burgesses, Chamberlain, and Assistants present, shall openly give their Voices which of the Two shall be Mayor for the Year following, according to the Letters Patents, upon the Penalty of forfeiting 20.?.

That the Right of electing Mayor being thus made Cut by the Charter, and By-laws; Mr. North's Counsel proceeded to the making out of the Fact; That Mr. John West was, at the time of the Return, rightful Mayor: And, for that, they called,

Mr. Philip Styles senior, the Town-Clerk: Who testified, That Mr*. Thorpe died on Saturday the 25th of February was Two Years; and that the eldest Alderman, upon the Death of a Mayor, has Power to act; who summoned the Aldermen and Burgesses to meet together the same Day; and about Ten of them did meet; amongst others, Mr. Reynolds, who was for going to an Election that Night; but at last it was agreed to meet next Night, at Five a Clock; and it was then ordered, That all who had a Right to elect, should be summoned to attend; and accordingly Eight of them met at the eldest Alderman's, Mr. Richard JVheatlys, in Gowns; and then they went to the Tow n Hall, and rung the Bell, to give Notice: That some were out of the Way, and some would not come: That after they had stayed some time, they went to an Election, and had Five Nominators, according to the By-laws, and did elect Mr. Welshman for the remaining Part of the Year, who was sworn by the senior Alderman: That Eight voted for Mr. Welshman, and Nine kept aw ay; But, however, he conceived the , Vol.13*

major Part appearing to have Power to elect; and, upon Banbury Search in the Books, had found 16 or 17 Instances of a Election. Mayor elected without the Majority of all that had a Right to elect: That, the first Monday in the Month of September following, they sent the like Summons, and elected and swore JohwWe&t junior; arid; the First Monday in last September, they did, in like mannery elect and swear John Wtst senior; who returned Mr. North: And that the Ensigns belonging to the Office of Mayor have; ever since Mr. Thorp's Death, been in their Possession successively.

Mr. Styles senior further said, That after the Aldermen and Burgesses are summoned, and meet,* to electa Mayor, he never knew them depart without masking an Election; and the Reason they proceeded to elect Mr. Welshman on the Sunday following the Death of Mr.

Thorp, was, because a Court was to be held next Day, which ought to held by the Mayor; and though theseniov Alderman does act in Court as Deputy Mayor, he never knew him act upon the Death of a Mayor*

Thomas We/jord, Serjeant at Mace, said, That the same Day that Mr. Thorp died, there were Ten. or Eleven met at his House; and some of them proposed to go ta an Election immediately, but some of the Seniors thought it would be better next Day, but agreed it must be then, because of the Court; and that was to be held on Monday; and accordingly, some of them said, They would take Notice of it: However, he went to every one of their Borises afterwards, and summoned them as at all other times; and in like manner summoned them upon the Choice of Mr. West junior, and Mr. West senior.

That the Counsel for Mr. Dormer insisted, That where there is a Corporation aggregate, every Act of the Corporation that is obliging, must be done, not only by the major Part present, but by the major Part of the Whole; and instanced in the Case of Dean and Chapters; and that the By-laws could not alter the Manner of Election appointed by Charter, which says, shall be by the Ma<* jority of the Corporation; and that Mr. Reynolds and Mr.

Samuel West were elected by such a Majority; and that it was not pretended, that the Mayors, under which Mr.

North's Return was made, had such a Majority: They farther insisted, That the senior and junior Alderman and Burgess was always understood of such as appeared: That the Matter of Welshman's Election was heard before the Council; and another Election directed by them, and called

Mr. Styles junior, who acted as Town Clerk under Mayor Sam. West, and Mr. Clark: Who said, after Mr.

Thorp's Death, Mr. Reynolds was elected for the remaining Part of the Year; Nine appearing at that Election; and he was sworn before the Recorder, and other Aldermen: And that, the First Monday in September following, Mr. Samuel West was elected Mayor by 26 present; and, last September, the said Mr. West was again continued Mayor, by the Votes of 11 Aldermen and Burgesses, and 18 Assistants; but the senior Alderman was not present; and that Mr. Sam. West had also his Officers, arid kept Courts; and had the Books of the Corporation, and the Seal of the Corporation: And Mr. Styles said further,

That, upon the Choice of a Mayor to succeed another dying within the Year, he never knew them make use of Nominators.

John Stokes said, That he had known several Elections, at which the senior Alderman has not appeared, and the next senior Alderman has acted.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Charles North Esquire is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Danbury, in the County of Oxon*

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Charles North Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxon;

The House divided.

The

404 i3° — *4 0 Mar tit. 700.

The Noes go fbtth.

}>»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Banbury, by taking off the Return of John Dormer Esquire.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy to a Bill. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills.

Hundington Ordered, That the Hearing the Merits of the Election Election. for the Borough of Huntington, in the County of Huntington, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

Charge of Corruption at Bramber Election.

Resolutions

against

Members

concerned.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into the Matter of a Letter that was written down to Bramber, to corrupt the said Borough, in the last Election of Members there.

And Mr. Stringer acquainted the House, That, since the Report made, there was come to his Hands the Original of a Letter, a Copy whereof is mentioned in the Report; and he delivered. the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To Mr. Thomas Waller, at Bramber near Steyning, in Sussex.

Mr* Waller,

I writ to you last Night, to desire you and the Tenants not to oppose Mr- Asgill, if he stands; but I likewise desire my Tenants would give me their Votes for the other Representative: I understand the Houses are much out of Repair, and I have desired the Bearer to view them, in order to make them tenantable, to the liking of the Tenants. As to the approaching Election; if you find that Mr. Asgill is not like to prevail; then I desire you will promote my Interest, and the Interest of my Friend, who Mr. Clifton shall name unto you, being John Paschall Esquire, so that he and myself may be chosen; wishing you, and all my Tenants a happy Christmas, and merry New Year, and expecting to hear from you: And am Your Friend at Command,

Inner Temple, Wm. Milman.

27 December 1700.

And Mr. Samuel Shepherd senior, and Mr. Samuel Shepherd junior, Mr. Francis Shepherd, and Mr. Martin, attending in their Places, according to Order; the Report was again read; and they were heard thereupon.

And Mr. Milman was several times called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

And one Mr. Holland was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew'.

Also Mr. Dalby Thomas was called in; and examined; and heard, as to the Charge against him.

And then he withdrew.

Afterwards Mr. Milman and Mr. Thomas were called in together; and heard.

And then withdrew.

After which Mr. Shepherd senior was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of several unwarrantable and indirect Practices, in order to obtain an Election

of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That , Samuel Shephet'd senior, Esquire, is guilty of sending out of the Way a Witness, and endeavouring to suppress Evidence, touching Matters under the Examination of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Shepherd do attend this House in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Shcrzvood, Mr. Peter Bob ton, and Perkins of Foster-lane, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Books of Account

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 14° die Martii;

I30 Willielmi, Annp 1700^-1.

PraYers.

A PETITION of the Masters add Workmen of the Woollen^ Art and Trade of Wool-combing, of the Borough tiufccuira. of Leicester, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, for many Years past, got a good Livelihood for themselves and Families, by their said Trade; which, of late, is very much prejudiced, by ignorant Persons falling into this Trade, who make iU-wrought Goods, and are constrained to put them off at under Prices; which Mischiefs, if not timely regulated by some good Act, will shortly ruin the said Trade: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Law* in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

A Petition of the Masters and Journeymen of the Ditto. Mystery, Art, or Occupation, of Wool-combing, of the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Thousands of Persons have been well maintained by the said Employment, which is much fallen to Decay of late, by reason that many wtyo were never bred up in the said Trade, it not being within the Statute, intermeddle therein, upon Pretence of setting the Poor on Work; though it is only to put off their own Commodities to them at their own Prices, instead of Money, to the Ruin of the said Trade, and the poor People so employed: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that none may use the Trade of Wool-combing, but such as have served Seven Years Apprenticeship to the same; or that their Grievances may be otherwise redressed, as the House shall think meet Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

A Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Jurors was read Comiptin the First time. Juim

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of Nathanael Gould Esquire, a Member of A'Membi this House, serving for the Borough of New Shoreham, discharge in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and p"u^ read; setting forth, That through Inadvertency, and a mistaken Apprehension of the Law, he had done that, be- Bribery, fore the Teste of the Writ, which may justly render him liable to the Displeasure of this House; and that the Thoughts thereof are so afflicting, that he rather chose to acknowledge his Error, than seem to justify the same by a Defence; and therefore, with the greatest Humility, submits himself to the Justice ^nd Favour of the House, humbly professing, that the Expence which he so unfortunately made, was entirely on his own Account.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Gould be discharged from being a Member of this House.

Whereas there is 16 be a Hearing at the Bar of this House Tomorrow, against the said Mr. Gould, upon the

Petition

i3 W. III. 140 Martii.

4°5

Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of New Shoreham:

Ordered, That the said Hearing be discharged.

Ordered, That no Warrant do issue this Session for a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess for the said Borough of New Shoreham, in the room of the said Mr. Gould.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order; and amended the Return for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxon, by taking off the Indenture, by which John Dormer Esquire, was returned.

Ordered, That the Papers which were laid before this House, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, relating to Captain Kidd, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

They are in a Bag by themselves.

Ordered, That the Journals of the Council for New Journals of England and New York which have been transmitted to New the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, since the land'&c* Government of the Earl of Bellomont there, be laid before the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Dodington, Pay- Navy master to the late Treasurer of the Navy, attended; Treasurer's He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the AccounU* House the Abstract of the Accounts since the 5th Day of November 1688, of the Lord Viscount Falkland, late Treasurer of the Navy: And also.

The Abstract of the Account of the Earl of Orford, late Treasurer of the Navy: And also,

The Earl of OrforcCs Account, relating to Greenwich Hospital.

And then withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read:

And the Accounts are as follow; viz.

The said ABSTRACT of the Lord Falklands Accounts.

£ d.

To Receipts from the Exchequer, for the Service of the Navy, and Victualling thereof - 197,852 19 11

To ditto, on Account of the voluntary Charge - - - . - - - - 6,652 4 5$

Total - - £ 204,505 4 4*

JJy Payments to Bills on the ordinary and extraordinary Service of the Navy - 50,83015 3

By ditto, to Wages of his Majesty's Ships and Yards ----- -- 65,981 11 10

By ditto, to the Service of the Victualling - -- 87,011 0 41-

Total Payments - - 203,823 8 54

To Balance - 681 15 xoj

Total - - £204,505 4 41

Collected for the Administrators' of the late Lord Falkland, from the Account of his several Officers, per me,

Geo.

An ACCOUNT for what Uses the said Balance remains.

£ d.

For the Ordinary and Extra - - - - -- - - .79 8 7

For Wages - -- -- - 514 4 0}

For the Victualling ----- - - -- -- - 88 33!

To Balance, ut supra - - £681 15 1 of

Vol. 13. 5 L

At\

An ABSTRACT of the Receipts and Payment of the Right Honourable Edamrd Earl of Orford, late Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, between the Fourth of April t68o and the Twelfth of March 1700; viz.

Creditor.

Debtor,

Exchequer Charge,

To Receipts for the Service of the Navy, and Victualling thereof

To ditto, for building Twenty-seven new Ships of War, ac- 7 cording to Act of Parliament - - - J

Voluntary Charge.

For Antony Lord Viscount Falkland, the preceding 7 ,

Treasurer - - - -j 0

/. d. £. s. d.

- - 16,519,440 11 6

- - 48MS9 8 s

3

a

3

o

o

*3

o

For Stores supplied the Twenty-seven new Ships out of the current Service of the Navy -

'!} 33.765 1 9

-14,94014

- *»94* 7 8

For old Stores sold - For Stores furnished to Merchants Ships

C /. d.

{Tallies - - 82,099 16 10

Bank Bills - - 273 o o

Exchequer Bills - 552 o 6

----- ----- ----- 82,924 17 4

Benefits arising by drawing of Malt Lottery Tickets 4,420 o o

To clear Imprests, and Pursers Accounts - - 4,678 12 4!

From the Earl of Ranelagh, for Marine Regiments *>587 8 8

LOn promiscuous Accounts - - - - 4,615 6 9

f For Tallow, Hides, Offal, See. - 72,802 13 8£

For Provisions sold, and supplied Garisons, Soldiers, J g

For decayed, damaged, and deficient Provisions - 4,323 2 x

For Vessels, Staves, Bran, Grains, Casks, Sec. - 7,072 xo g

For Freight, and short Tonnage - 2,093 11 I

For Interest on Tallies - - - 15,474 8 9

For Rent, Wharfage, Taxes, and Repairs - - 534 8 2

On promiscuous Accounts - 4.588 15 6

Prizes from the Commissioners thereof f Thirds - - 32,882 15 3

on Account of - I Tenths - - 11,443 12 4

C

17,001,89 9 19 11

,5M73 9 9i

150,621 18 8

44*3*6 7 7

Total - . £.

347,4*x 16 o I

l7>349»3*1 o

o

os

By Payments to Bills on the ordinary and extraordinary Service of the Navy -

By ditto, to the Treasurer of the Ordnance ——

By ditto, to the Treasurer of the sick and wounded Seamen ——

By ditto, to Wages of his Majesty's Ships, Yards, and Marine Soldiers -

By ditto, to Warrants on the Service of the Victualling ——

By ditto, to* Sir Tho. Littleton, the now Treasurer of the Navy, for the said Service of the Victualling' ——

By ditto, to Bills and Wages to Workmen, on Account of the Twenty-seven new Ships. The 7 Remainder of the said Ships Money was applied, by Act of Parliament, to the Current £ Service of the Navy -

By Money returned into the Exchequer ta be re-coined, and is Part of the Exchequer Charge - -

£ d.

To the Commissioners of sick and wounded 7 0 0

Seamen.....J 8'2ZO *3 8

To Bounties, Widows, Chest at Chatham,

Sec. ——

To Sir Thomas Littleton

K O

u zL

g

a u

1-3

Sk

CQ

Thirds

214,587

12 5

*3 3

Tenths

{Rewards for Services done at Sea

To Sir Thomas Littleton

5»33° o o

6,013 12 4

6 r. d.

- 3*83! 9 7

M*343 1* 4

Balancb Total -

c

£> s. d<

5*3*2,668 4 6

80,871 *7 d

252,360 18 6f

6,098,856 16 «i

4*871,206 8 0

99,816 11 8

454*097 18 0

109,082 % 4

44.17? »

>7.a33.*35 »* 8 a6,i#s *7 4

'7.349.3*1 >6 o

Note, — This Balance is not sufficient to pay such Bills as are assigned thereon, and to answer other legal Demands.

Orfon'd.

140 Martiu 1700.

Charge of Bribery against Mr. Shepherd, a Member.

A Person comanued.

13 W. III. 14" — ig'MartS. 407

An ACCOUNT in what Species, and for what Uses, and in whose Hands, the said Balance remains.

Species.

Ordinary and Extraordinary.

Money

£ /.

4.623 S 3!

Tallies on seve-1 ,

ral Funds - -/| 9,72' " M Exchequer Bills 927 2 3 Malt Lottery'! I Tickets, with > 2,987 15

their Frizes -J

*8.259 *4 3l

Wages.

£ s. J.

S>939 5 6i

5.939 S 6J

Victualling.

Thirds. Tenths.

£- t. d:

£.s.d.£.

1.835 9i

1,835 9i

Prizes in

SI s 8

5* S

lOO OO

Totals.

£ ' d.

12,549 8 4<

9>721 u

927 2 3

2-.9s7 *5 61

*6,18$ 17 4

£ ' d.

7,730 O IO|

31 7 III

1,804 3 IO

2,976 15 8

In whose Hands.

(The Widow of sMr. Ant. Stephens.

\\r. Antony Sturt. fMr. Philip Pa-

\J>iilion.

| Mr. Geo. Dod-\dmgton.

Mr. Geo. Doddington.

The Balance, ut supra.

Note, That the Earl of Orfvrd, on the laying down this Employment, did then, and several times since, desire the I^ords of the Treasury to admit of his paying over, to the succeeding Treasurer, the Balances remaining in ills Hands; and whidi he still desires so to do.

The Earl of Or ford's said Account, relating to Greenwich Hospital, between the 1st of May 1699, and the 12th of March 1700-1; viz.

To Money abated out of the Wages of Seamen, serving on board his Majestys Ships, after the Rate of 6d. per Mensem -

To Money paid to John Evelyn, Esquire,' Treasurer to the said Hospital -

£ s. d.

27,91* *5

25,000 0 o

Ordered, That the said Mr. Shepherd senior do attend this House in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.- Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 15° die Martii;

By Balance 2,911 15 o{ Total - 27,911 1.5 oi

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire.

And the Counsel for making good the Charge against him, and the Counsel for him, were called in, and heard; And divers Witnesses were examined, both against and for him, touching the Election for the Borough of Wootton-Basset, in the County of Wilts.

And then they withdrew.

And one Mr. Lawrence being, in the Evidence given at the Bar, accused;

And the House being informed, That the said Mr. Lawrence was without, and desired to be called in, and heard 5

He was called in, and heard at the Bar, accordingly.

And then be withdrew.

And Mr. Shepherd was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of endeavouring, by Bribery, and corrupt Practices, to procure an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wootton-Basselt, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Lawrence, Agent for Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of endeavouring, by Bribery, and corrupt Practices, to procure an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for die Borough of Wootton-Bassett, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lawrence be, for the said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Prison of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, proceed further in the Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against Mr. Shepherd senior.

VOL. 13.

130 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day for hearing the Matter upon Huntington the Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Election, of Huntington, being read.

Ordered, That the said Hearing be adjourned until Thursday the Tenth Day of April next.

Ordered, That Mr. Davy have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, his Wife being very ill. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marshals to enable Sir Robert Marsham Knight and Baronet, to Estate, dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire; and to settle other Lands of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert Lord Viscount Killmorey<, in the Lord Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and Killmorey's read; setting forth, That by Virtue of a Settlement £slate# made upon his Fathers Marriage, the Petitioner is Tenant in Tail, in Possession, and in Reversion, after his Mother's Death, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Chester, Salop, Stafford, and Norfolk', and is now treating about an advantageous Marriage; but is not capable of making a Settlement, being but about 18 Years of Age:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting his Estate in Trustees, to enable him to make a Settlement agreeable to the Fortune he shall have with a Wife.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Cotton and Mr. Offley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Louis D'Hanus, Pierre du Pay, and Army others, in Major General La Mebnier's late Regiment of Arrears. Foot, on the English Establishment, on behalf of themselves, and several other Officers of the said Regiment,

was

>?odc / 1 state.

Papers from Admiralty.

Creditors of late King James's ^ueen.

Half-pay.

St Germans

Writ.

408 150 Martii.

was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That they have faithfully served during the late Wars; but could never have their Monies paid them, nor their Accounts stated, as the rest of the Army; whereupon they applied to the Commissioners of Accounts: Who answered, That they had no Power to redress their Grievances, the Parliament having already made Provision for the Five French Regiments, for whom they had sent their Precepts, but had no Return made: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and state the Fact to the House.

Mr. Freeman, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for vesting-a certain Messuage, and Lands, in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford\ the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold; and for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate: And the same was received.

Colonel Churchill, from the Commissioners for executibg the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, presented to the House several of the Letters and Papers which wer.e mentioned in a Schedule, delivered in by the said Commissioners, to be delivered over to the Persons, to whom they were directed; the Commissioners having sent to them for the same, by Order of the House.

Ordered, That the said Letters and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Edmund JVcbb Esquire, Edward Rigby, JVm. Slierrard, Peter Du Frenoy, Paul Clousley, Nick. Alexander, Renat us Harris, and William Edmonds, on behalf of themselves, and divers others, Creditors of the late King James % Queen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said King did settle upon Trustees Part of the Revenue of the Crown, for a separate Maintenance and Provision for the said Queen: That the Petitioners Debts, for Work done, and Goods sold for her Use, amount to near 5,000l.; and, in a Clause to a Bill depending in the House of Commons, in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in another Bill and Clause of the like Nature, Part of the said Trust Estate, then vested in his Majesty, was appropriated for Payment of the said Queen's just Debts; but, by reason of the speedy Rising of the Parliament, both Laws failed; since which, the Petitioners are informed. Part of the said Estate is granted under the Great Seal, without any Provision for the said Debts: And praying, That their Case, as to their Debts, may be taken into Consideration, and the Petitioners relieved concerning the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the Cth Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; is committed.

A Petition of the disbanded Officers of the Army was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served his Majesty during the late Wars, with the highest Zeal, and great Hardships, especially for want of their Pay, what remaining due to them being near Cent, per Cent. Loss to them; nor have they received any Subsistence for these Six Months Pay: And praying, That the House will continue the Favour of allowing them Half-pay for their Support, till provided for.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from John Speccott Esquire, who is very ill in Town; That, he being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Cornwall; and also a Burgess for the

A. 1700.

Borough of St. Germaks, in the same County; he makes his Election to serve for the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Gomans, in the room of the said John Speccot Esquire.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for re- King'iBt* gulating the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet, might and Fleet be read the Third time; I>m0£S'

And it being moved, That William Lenihall Esquire may be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill, as to his Interest in the said Prison of the King*s-Bench;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lenthall be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Seven-night, against the said Bill: And that the Bill be then read the Third time.

The House proceeded in the further Hearing of the Charge of Matter of the Charge against Samuel Shepherd senior, Bribery Esquire.

And the Counsel for making good the Charge against a him, and the Counsel for him, were called in; and heard:

And divers Witnesses were examined, both against and ' for him, touching the Election for the Borough of Malms* bury, in the County of Wilts.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Shepherd was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of procuring an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, by Bribery and Corruption.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr.

William Adye is guilty of Bribery, and corrupt Practices, in procuring an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Adye be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Counsel be called in, to proceed in the further Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against the said Mr. Shepherd: And that Mr. Shepherd do attend again in his Place.

And he attending accordingly.

The Counsel were called in; and they were heard, and several Witnesses examined, touching the Election for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset:

In which Examination Mr. Edward Allen being accused; who having been ordered to attend this House; and attending accordingly; he was heard thereupon.

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, and Mr. Skejb herd, and Mr. Allen, withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Edward Allen is guilty of notorious Bribery, in distributing Money, in order to procure himself to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, after u Allen," these Words,

" One of the Directors of the new East India Company

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it appeal's to this House, That Mr. A Person Edward Allen, One of the Directors of the new East- commiue4 India Company, is guilty of notorious Bribery, in distributing Money, in order to procure himself to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Edward Allen be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved,

13 W. III. 15 — 17° Martii.

409

Resolved, That upon Examination this Day had, in relation to the Election for the said Borough of Ilchester, nothing appears to affect Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, therein.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, proceed in the further Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against the said Mr. Shepherd senior.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Shepherd senior do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all such Persons as were summoned to attend this House this Day, and have 'not been examined and heard, do attend again upon Monday Morning next

In the Examination Yesterday, touching the Election for the Borough of Wootton Bassett; and this Day, touching the Election for the Borough of Malmsbury; Samicel Shepherd junior, Esquire, being charged;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Shepherd junior do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next; and that he be then heard, in relation thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock."

Lunce, \T die Martii;

13* Willielmi; Anno 1700-1.

Praters.

Node's A BILL for vesting a certain Messuage, and Lands,

Istate. jHL in Steveyiage, in the County of Hertford, the

Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold, for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the Estate, was read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hamond, Mr. Bridges, Doctor JDavenant, Mr.

Kemp, Mr. Scohell, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Edxc. Turne?',

Mr. Birch, Mr. Bridgman, Colonel Granville, Mr.'Dyett,

Sir Hum. Maclcworth, Mr. Tredenham\ and all that serve for the City of Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the x.yna Work-erecting a Work-house in the Town of King's Lynn, in house, the County of Norfolk, for the providing for the Poor there: and that Sir John Turner, Sir Charles Turner, and Mr. Walpoole, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Secretary at War do lay before this Vacancies in House an Account of the Vacancies in the Army, and the Army, how they have been filled up, since the 25th'Day of December 1699.

Ordered, That such of the Papers relating to Captain Kidd's Pira-Kidd, as came from the Commissioners for executing* the cie».

Office of Lord High Admiral of England, sealed up, be opened.

And the private Examinations of Captain Kidd, before the said Commissioners, were opened accordingly, and read.

Ordered, That the said Examinations do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Also a Packet, sealed up, was opened, wherein were several other Packets, or Letters, sealed up.

Ordered, That the said Packet be again sealed up.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday come Supply Bill; Worlhouse Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Resumptioa'

Offences. House a Bill for the more speedy Punishment of certain House, upon the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, of Grante-

Offences in Work-houses, or Houses of Correction, and other Revenues, since the Sixth Day of February erected, or to he erected, by Act of Parliament, for the 1684; and applying them to the Use of the Publick. better Relief of the Poor: And the same was received.

The Order of the Day, for Mr. Samuel Shepherd junior §. $hep-

Clarges* A Petition of Sir Walter Clarges Baronet, w>as pre- to attend in his Place, and be heard touching the Matter herd, jun.

Estate. seated to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir charged upon him in the Examinations upon Friday and discharged

Tho. Clarges, the Petitioner's Father, was seised in Saturday last, touching the Elections for the Borough of ^embeT8 a Fee of a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martins Wootton Bassett, and Malmsbury, being read; em er*

in the Fields, abutting on the Way from Pickadilly to And Mr. Shepherd junior attending accordingly, in Hyde Park; was prevailed upon by Thomas Neale his Place; he expressed himself to the Effect following;

Esquire to convey the Inheritance thereof to him, upon viz. That he was sorry he was fallen under the Displea-Pretence that he would lay out 10,000l. in building on sure of the House: That the House had heard the Evi-the Premises, and pay 100l. a Year Rent Charge; with dence, and he should not trouble them any further about a Power of Re-entry, in case of Arrear 21 Days; and it; but should submit himself to the Pleasure of the 5 s. per diem, nomine pcence, for every Day the same House, and hoped they would make a favourable Con-should be behind: And Mr. Neale entered on the Pre- struction of it: That he had a double Affliction upon mises, and held the same, as Waste Ground, for about him; one, in relation to that; and, in the next place,

10 Years; and then died insolvent, leaving about 800l. that he should deviate from the Directions of his Father,

Rent due to the Petitioner, and very much indebted to when he first heard that he was at Wootton Bassett: And other Persons: That the Petitioner lately entered on the he submitted to the Pleasure of the House, and hoped Premises; but can make no Profit thereof, nor wdllany he should receive their favourable Censure.

Person lay out any Money in improving the same, without Ordered, That Samuel Shepherd junior, Esquire, be the Aid of an Act of Parliament, to quiet against the discharged from being a Member of this House.

Heirs and Creditors of Mr Neale, who, as the Case now The House proceeded in the further Hearing of the charge of stands, may, upon Payment of the Petitioners Rent, Matter of the Charge against Samuel Shepherd senior, Bribery avoid his entry, and defeat the Person that shall adven- Esquire. she^er^a

ture to lay out their Estates on the Premises: And pray- And the Counsel for making good the Charge against Member. ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and the Counsel for him, were called in, and heard; the Petitioner to dispose of the said Piece of Ground, And divers Witnesses were examined, both against and discharged of the said Mr. Need's Interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Jos.

Tredenham, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Dolben, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr: Williams, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Randyll, Mr. Mowitstevens, Sir John Levisoi} Gou er,

Vol. 13.

for him, touching the Election for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton.

And then they withdrew.

A' Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Lords desire

Sir Lacon William Child: Leave for

0 , Member to

Mr. Speaker, # atund them.

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave to Mr. Secretary Vernon9 a Member of this House, to 5 M come

Tharge of Bribery egainst Mr. Shepherd a Member.

Committees.

Petition from Cornwall.

LestWithiei

Election*

Blackwell-hall Market

Woollen

Manuluo

ture.

415 *7* — 18° 1706.

come to a Committee of the Lords, now sitting in the PriricJe's Lodgings, to give an Account of some Matters relating to the Treaty of Partition, which their Lordships have now under Consideration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Vernon have Leave to go to the Lords, as desired, if he think fit.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Counsel were called in, and further heard.

' And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Shepherd was heard in his Placa

And then he withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That some of the Electors of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, have endeavoured corruptly to set to Sale the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " some of:"

And the same was;, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon by the House.

Resolved, That the Electors of the Borough of Ando-vet', in the County of Southampton, have endeavoured corruptly to set to Sale the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That the Lending of Money, upon any Security, to a Corporation which sends Members to Parliament, and remitting the Interest of the same, with Intent to influence the Election of such Corporation, is an unlawful and dangerous Practice.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Matter of the Charge against Sanmel Shepherd senior, Esquire, be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Shepherd senior do attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered or summoned to attend this Day, and have not been exa-, mined and heard, do attend again Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 18* die Martii;

I30 Willielmi; Anno 1700-1.

Praters.

A PETIT IO N of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That George Booth Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Bo-tough of Lestzvithiel, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for making more effectual the Act to restore the Market at Black-toell-halllo the Clothiers there, That they do take care to prevent Abuses of buying and selling again of Blankets, Shags, and Duffells, in the said Market of Blackwell-hall; and that the Manufactures, w'hen bought, be removed within a certain Time to be prefixed: And that Sir Jo seph Tredenham, Sir Edward Norris, Sir Robert Jenkinson, and Mr. Rowncy, be added to the Members who £re to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the- Merchants, Clothiers, and others, Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of JValce/ield in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Wool is of very bad consequence

to all Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures; for the Preventing whereof, Commissioners were appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, to put the Laws in Execution against the Exportation of Wool; who took upon them the said Trust, and deputed several Officers in several Parts of the Kingdom, who were very diligent in their Places, and hindered the Exportation of Wool, in great measure; but, by reason there was no Provision made, by the said Act, to recompense the Commissioners for their Pains and Charges, which wfere very great, they are discouraged and disabled from proceeding in the said Service: And praying, That, for the better Encouragement of the said Commissioners, and their Officers, some Provision may be made for them, in such manner as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, in relation to the Woollen Manufacture.

Mr. Yates reported, from the Committee, to whom Assays the Petitions of the Goldsmiths in the Cities of Exon, *W. Chester, and Norwich, were referred, the Matter as it appeared to them; with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having considered of the several Petitions to them referred, do find the Allegations therein contained to be true; and that the Petitioners, and other Workers in Silver, not residing in or near the City of Ldndon, do lie under very great Hardships, and cannot exercise their Trades since the making of the late Act for encouraging the Bringing in of Wrought Plate to be coined.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wardens and Assay-masters be appointed, in those Cities where the Mints were lately erected for recoining the Money of this Kingdom, for Assaying of Plate, according to the present Standard; and for affixing the Britannia Mark on all wrought Plate: And that the Goldsmiths, and Workers in Silver, be under such Rules and Regulations, as may prevent all Abuses and Corruptions therein.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that Wardens and Assay-masters be appointed, in those Cities where the Mints were lately erected for recoining the Money of this Kingdom, for Assaying of Plate, according to the present Standard: and for affixing the Britannia Mark on all wrought Plate: And that the Goldsmiths, and Workers of Silver, be under such Rules and Regulations, as may prevent all Abuses and Corruptions therein.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Yates and Mr. Shackerly do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Rci>ort&,

ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Commisa

Commissioners of Accounts. ers of Accounts.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That he had a Message to deliver to the House, from his Majesty, signed by him: And he presented the same to the House; And the same was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as foi-loweth; viz.

WILLIAM R.

HIS Majesty having directed Mr. Stanhope, his Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Hague, to enter into Negotiations in Concert with the States General of the United Provinces, and other Potentates, for the mutual Security of England and Holland, and the Preservation of the Peace of Europe, according to an Addresof this House to that Effect; and the said Mr. Stanhope having transmitted to his Majesty Copies of the Demands made by himself, and the Deputies of the States, upon that Subject, to the French Ambassador there; his Majesty

has

Message from the King, — Papers rt spec ting Partition Treaty.

is w. in \8° j

has thought fit to communicate the same to you; it being his Majesty's gracious Intention to acquaint you, from time to time, with the State and Progress of those Negotiations, into which he has entered, pursuant to your Address abovementioned.

Kemingtoriy the 17 th

of March, 170-f.

The said Copies were read by the Clefk; and are act follow; viz.

The Copy of Proposals made to the French Ambassador, by Mr. Stanhope.

.. Translation.

Whereas his Majesty the King of Grectt Britain, and the Lords the States tleneral of the United Provinces, concluded, on the 25th of the Mohth March, of the last Year 1706, a Treaty of Partition with his most Christian Majesty, for preventing Troubles and a hew War, which there was great Reason t6 apprehend, upon the Death of the King of Spaine without Issue; and that, amongst other Things, the thief Prospect of the high Contractors in this Affair was, to preserve the Peace and general Tranquillity of Europe, and ‘to establish the particular. Security of his Majesty's Kingdoms; it is manifest, That although his most Christian Majesty haS thought fit to accept the Will of the late King of Spaine, departing from the Partition: yet his Majesty of Great Britain ought not to lose the Effect of that Treaty; but should obtain, at least, the Intention of the Treaty; to wit, the Peace, and general Tranquillity, and his particular Security, by some Equivalent, or other Means: And, to this End, Mr. Stanhope, the King of Great Britain's Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the said Stated General, is ordered to propose to the Count D'Avaux, his most Christian Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, the following Points and Articles:

That, to preserve the Peace, and general Tranquillity, ppoti which a great Part of the particular Security of the King of Great Britain's Dominions depends, his Imperial Majesty shall be invited to enter into this Negotiation; and, that he be contented, and have reasonable Satisfaction given him, for his Pretensions to the Succession of Spaine; which were regulated by the Treaty of Partition: And that his Imperial Majesty shall be admitted and included in the Treaty, which the King of Great Britain, and the States General, shall make with the most Christian King, and the Crown of Spaine:

That his most Christian Majesty, within a certain time limited, and that as short as possible can be agreed on, shall withdraw all Troops from the Spanish Netherlands, without leaving any of them there; and that it shall not be lawful for him ever to send them thither again; but that, for the future, there shall be kept in the said Sixmkh Netherlands, except in the Places of Surety, which shall be mentioned in the following Article, only Spanish and Walloon Troops, or of the Countries in Subjection to the Spanish Monarchy, exclusive of all others, under the Oath, and in the Pay of Spaine; and not any Troops of his most Christian Majesty, directly or indirectly: Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for the King of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General, to send some of their Troops for the Defence of the said Netherlands, when they shall be thereto required:

That, for the particular Security of the Dominions of the King of Great Britain, the Towns of Ostend and Newport shall be yielded up, and entrusted to his Majesty s sole Custody, together with their Ports, Castles, and Citadels, and all the Forts and Works of the Fortifications thereto belonging, all in the Condition they now are; with Power to put in, and keep there, such Garisons, either of his own Troops, or those of his Allies, whom his Majesty should require for that Purpose, and as he shall find convenient; And that it shall not be lawful for France or Spaine to put the least Garison therein; or to raise behind, or round about, the said Towns, Ports, and Fortresses, any other Forts, Lines, or Works of Fortification; or to do any thing whatsoever, that may VojL. 13.

farm. 4*1

occasion any Prejudice to the Guard of the said Towns Papers and Fortresses, and hinder the Effect thereof: , respecting

That it shall be in the Power of the Kino; of Great Britain to augment, lessen, and change the Garisons of the said Tow ns and Fortresses, as often as he shall think fit; and to send thither Victuals, Ammunition, Arms, Materials for Fortifications, and generally whate ver shall he thought fit and necessary for the Service of the Garisons and Fortifications, without being hindered in the least, either by Sea or Land, directly or indirectly:

That the King of Great Britain shall have the full Command and Authority over the said Towns, Ports,

Castles, and Fortresses; where he shall have Garisons and Commanders, such as he shall think fit, saving, and without Prejudice to, the Rights and Revenues of Jhfc Crown of Spaine over and in the said Tow ns: ,

That, moreover, it shall be lawful for the King of Great Britain to fortify, and repair the Fortifications of, the said Towms, Ports, and Fortresses, as he shall judge fitting; and, generally, to do every thing which he shall find necessary for their Defence:

That no Kingdoms, Provinces, Towns, Territories, or Places belonging to the Crown of Spaine, as well within as without Europe, ' and, especially, no Towns,

Places, or Lands of the Spanish Netherlands, shall be yielded or transferred; neither shall they devolve or come to the Crown of France, by Gift, Purchase, Exchange,

Contract of Marriage, Succession by Will, or abintestato, or by any other Title whatsoever; and that they shall not any w*ay be subjected to the Power, or be under the Authority, of the most Christian King:

That in the States and Kingdoms of the Spanish Monarchy, as well within as without Europe, and consequently in the Spanish Netherlands also, the Subjects of the King of Great Britain shall remain in the Enjoyment of all the Privileges, Rights, Freedoms, and other Advantages, as well in respect of their Navigation, Commerce, and free Use of Ports, as in any other Thing which they have, or ought to have enjoyed, till the Death of the late King of Spaine; so that every Thing whatsoever, except what shall be otherwise agreed on by the Treaty to be made, shall be left in the Condition it was, at the Time of the late King of Spain's Death:

That all the Treaties of Peace and Commerce, and other Conventions between England and Spaine, shall be ' renewed, or taken to be renewed, in such manner as shall be agreed on, so far forth, as they shall not be altered by the Treaty that shall be made:

Further, That the Subjects of the King of Great Britain shall enjoy, in all the Kingdoms, Dominions, Towns,

Places, Bays, and Harbours, of the Crown of Spaine, within and without Europe, the same Privileges, Rights, and Franchises, as also all the Immunities and Advantages, w'hich the Subjects of the most Christian King, or any other Princes or Potentates, do enjoy; as well as those that shall be granted them, and which they shall enjoy for the future:

That, on the Part of France and Spaine, a solemn Promise shall be made, of the strict Observation of all these Points in general, and of every one of them in particular:

That that Treaty which shall be made on that Subject, shall have the Guaranty of such Kings, Princes, and Potentates, as either of the high Contractors shall desire; and that in the firmest manner that they can invent, and agree on:

All this with a Reservation to amplify those Points in the Negotiation, as far as shall be thought necessary for the Explanation of the true Sense and Intention thereof; as also to prevent all manner of Dispute.

The Translation of the Resolution of the States General, for treating with Mr. D'Avaux, 22° March

170^.

Extract out of the Register of the Resolutions of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces,

Tuesday,

Pagers

respecting

Partition

Treaty*

412 18 Mar- A. 1700.

'Tuesday,' the 21 March 1701.

' The Report of the Heer Van Essen, and other the States General, deputies for the Foreign Affairs, was read:

4 Whereupon, and according to their Resolution of the . 1 ith instant, importing a Commission, they have weighed and deliberated, how, and in what manner, they should , proceed in the Negotiation, which they were to enter upon with Count D'Avau.v, the French King's Ambassador Extraordinary, concerning the general Peace, and the Safety of their State: And, after due Consideration,

it was resolved, That, in Concert with Mr. Slanhope, his Majesty of Great Britain's Envoy Extraordinary, the following Points should be proposed, in a Conference, to the said Count D'Avauv:

Whereas the King of Great Britain, and the States General of the United Provinces, have concluded a Treaty of Partition with the French King, on the 25th of March 1700, in order to prevent Troubles and Disturbances which might arise about the Succession of the late King of Spaine, in case he should die without Children; and that therein, amongst other Things, the chief Aim of the Parties concerned was, the Preservation of the general Quiet and Peace of Europe, and the particular Safety of this State: Wherefore it is evident, That the French King, by accepting the Will of the King of Spaine, as contrary to the aforesaid Treaty, cannot deny the States General the Effect of the aforesaid Treaty; but that, at least, by some Equivalent, or other Means, he ought to make good what they proposed to themselves tby the said Treaty; viz. the aforesaid general Quiet and Peace, and particularly the Safety of this State: And therefore the States General do require, That, in order to establish the general Quiet and Peace, in which consists chiefly their Safety, the Emperor ought to have reasonable Satisfaction and Content given him, in his Pretensions about the Succession of Spaine, which were regulated in the aforesaid Treaty of Partition; and that he may be admitted and included in the Treaty which England and Holland is to make with France and Spaine; and consequently to be invited to this Negotiation:

% That the King of France shall, within such time as shall be agreed on, draw his Troops out of the Spanish Netherlands, and not to leave any of them there, or send any thither at any time hereafter; but that, for the future, there shall be in the said Spanish Netherlands, except such Places named for Security in the following Articles, no other Troops, but what are either Spaniards, Walloons, or of the Low Countries, being under Command of the King of Spaine, and belonging only to him, and having taken an Oath to him, and being in his Pay; and no French, either directly or indirectly; but if the King of Spaine shall desire any Troops of England or Holland, for the Defence of the same, they shall be admitted:

That, for the particular Safety and Tranquillity of the States, there shall be delivered unto them, and they shall take Possession of, the Towns, Places, and Forts, of Venlo, Rocrmonde, Stcevenswaardt, Luxembourg, Namur,

Charleroy, Mons, Dendermonde, Damme, and St. Donaas, with the Castles of the said Towns and Places belonging, together with all the Forts, Fortifications, and Works, about or near them, in the same Condition as they now are; and they shall have Power to put and keep in them such Garisons, both of their own Troops, and their Allies, as they shall think fit; and that neither France nor Spaine shall, in the least, put. any military Forces into the said Towns; and shall not raise any Forts or Strongholds about or near the said Towns, Places, Castles, and Forts; nor shall do any thing that may in any-wise hinder or lessen the Effect of the aforesaid Possession:

That the States General shall have Liberty to augment, diminish, or change, their respective Garisons in the aforesaid Towns, Places, Castles, and Forts, as they shall judge proper; and to send thither Provision, Ammunition, Arms, Materials for Fortifications, and all that shall be useful and necessary for the said Garisons and Fortifications; and that, for transporting the same, and the said Garisons, there shall always be a:free Passage through the Spanish Territories, and over their Risers, both going and coming, without the least Hindrance or Molestation, either directly or indirectly:

That the States General shall have the:full.Command over such Towns, Places, Castles, and Fortsj inta which they have put Garisons, under such Governors and Commanders as they shall think fit; so that it be not any Prejudice to their former Rights, Privileges, and Revenues of the King of Spaine, in those Towns and Places:

Further, That the States shall have Power to fortify the aforesaid Towns, Places, Castles, and Forts, in their Possession; and to repair the Fortifications thereof; and to do all and all manner of Things which they shaltfcbink fitting for their Defence:

That no Dominions, Provinces, Towns, Territories, or Places belonging to the Crown of Spai?ie, m\im or without Europe, and particularly* not any Towns, Places, or Countries, of the Spanish Netherlands, shall be given up, or delivered to, or shall devolve or. come to the Crown of France, either byway of Gift* Sale, Exchange, Marriage, Inheritance, or Will, or ab intestate, o^by what Title soever; nor shall the same, any otherwise whatsoever, be put under the Command or Jurisdiction of France:

That the Subjects and Inhabitants of the States shall continue to enjoy all such Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, and other Advantages, in the Dominions and Territories of Spaine, in, and out of Europe, as also in the Spanish Netherlands, in the Navigation, -Commerce, and Freedom of the Ports, and all others, which they lwve enjoyed, or should have enjoyed, till the Death of the late King of Spaine; and consequently, that all Things whatsoever, except what shall be otherwise agreed on by-the Treaty to l)e made, shall remain in the..same Condition as they were, when the said King of Spaine died:

That the Treaty made between Spaine and Holland at Munster in the Year 1648, as also all other Treaties find Conventions, since that, concluded, between 'Spaine find Holland, shall be renewed in the best manner both Parties can agree upon; so far forth as they shall not be altered by the Treaty to be made:

Further, That the Subjects and Inhabitants of the States shall have and enjoy, in the Countries, Towns, Places, Bays, and Havens, of the Crown of Spaine, both within and without Europe, the same Privileges, Liberties, and Rights, together with the Immunities find Advantages, as the Subjects and Inhabitants of France, or those of other Princes and Potentates, do there enjoy, or hereafter shall be permitted to enjoy:

That the Observation of the aforesaid Points in general, and of each of them in particular, shall be solemnly promised by the Kings of France and Spaine, their Heirs and Successors:

That the Treaty to be made hereupon shall have the Guaranty of such Kings, Princes, and Potentates;v a3 either Party shall thereto desire; and that in the firmest manner that they can devise:

Reserving to themselves a Power to enlarge the aforesaid Points in the Negotiations, as shall be necessary for a further Explanation of the true Meaning of the sarme, and to prevent all Differences for the future.

And the Heer Van Essen, and other the States Deputies for the foreign Affairs, are hereby desired and commissioned to notify the Premises to Count D'Avaux; and enter into Conference and Negotiation with him, concerning the same.

This agrees with the aforesaid Register.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning King's next, take into Consideration his Majesty's said gracious S8Sc.tfl Message. con:, Jl

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Orfon Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the t,ecl11 Borough of Orford, in the County of Suff olk, be made upon this Day Sevennight

Resolved,

b>

13 W. III. r8° — 19* Martii.

413

pjy< 1 Resolved, That' this 'House will,' To-motfov^ Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

rgeof The Order of the Day, for the House to consider ery further of the'Matter of the Charge* against Samuel °st^r* Shepherdsenior, Esquire, being read; ober/ a Ordered\ That Mr. Julius Samborne, Bailiff of the

Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, having been concerned in corruptly exposing toSale the Election of a Burgess for the said Borough, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. TVimbleton, having been concerned in corruptly exposing to Sale the Election of a Burgess for the said Borough of Andover, he taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. JVareham, having been concerned in corruptly exposing to Sale the Election of a Burgess for the said Borough of Andover, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Francis Shepherd Esquire do attend this House in his Place, Tomorrow Morning; and be then heard, touching the Matter charged upon him, in relation to the Election for the said Borough bf Andover.

0. The House, according to Order, proceeded in the fur-

ther Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire.

And the Counsel for making good the Charge against him, and also the Counsel for him, were called in; and heard: And divers Witnesses, both against and for him, were examined, touching the Election for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Shepherd, attending in his Place, was heard.

And then he withdrew'.

Resolved, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of notorious Bribery, in obtaining his Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton.

The several other Resolutions of the House, against the said Mr. Shepherd senior, being read; which are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of several unwarrantable and indirect Practices, in order to obtain an Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex;

Resolved, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of sending out of the Way a Witness, and endeavouring to suppress Evidence, touching Matters under Examination of this House;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of endeavouring, by Bribery and corrupt Practices, to procure an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Wooton Bassett, in the County of Wilts;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, is guilty of procuring an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, by Bribery and Corruption;

h<rp. Ordered, That the said Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire,

1 wm- be committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Tower of Lon-,ertothe don: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into Consideration, how they will further proceed with relation to the Crimes, whereof Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, stands convicted before this House, for Reserved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. mittedto Gbw, Agent to Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, hath JgL. ^)een S^ty of corrupt and indirect Practices, in the procuring the Election of the said Samuel Shepherd senior, Vo l. 13.

Esquire, to be a Burges^ for the said Borough bf Newport, in the County* 0\ Southampton.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Glover be, for the said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Prison of Newgate: And that Mr; Speaker do issue his1 Warrants accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ‘ Morning,' N ine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Martii;

13* Willieimi/Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Lords, Owners, and Common- DeepingFens ers, of the several Towns of Pinchbeck, Spalding, Drainage. Cowbutt, and Crowland, near adjacent to the Fens called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincotne, on* the behalf of themselves, and other the Lords, Owners,'and Commoners thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, several Persons were appointed for draining the said Fens; and aPart thereof was allotted to the Undertakers, as a Recompence for their Charge and Trouble therein: That of late, several Differences have happened between the Undertakers, and the Lords, Owners, and Commoners, in the said Towns, to the great Loss of all Parties concerned; to end which, they referred the Matter to several Arbitrators, who Unanimously made their Award in Writing; which, by reason of the Numbers of Persons, and different Interests in the said Fens, cannot have its due Effect: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and enforce the Performance of the said Award; and for the more effectual Draining of the said Fens.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thor old, Mr. Dymock, and Mr. Charles Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher tVren do survey this Ventilating House, and consider what may be done for the letting the house-the Air into the House, for the Conveniency of the Members; and report his Opinion thereupon to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marsham's to enable Sir Robert Marsham Knight and Baronet to Estate* dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire; and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer,

Sir Humph. Forster, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. OJsley, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Mounstevens, Major Holmes, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr Cooper, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Blofield, Mr. Dolben, Mr. King, Mr. Cox, Mr.

Wahnsty, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Marks, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Mount ague. Sir John Kay, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

England, Sir John lhorold, Mr. Clark, Mr. Freke, Sir Tho. May; and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Ke>U: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ashford erecting an Hospital and Work-house at As!ford, in the Workhouse. County of Kent; and for the better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor: And that Mr. Brewer and Mr. Meredeth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Non-commission Officers and Army Soldiers, to the Number of about 200 Persons, of the Arrears. Three French jRegiments of Foot, who served in the late 5 N War

Rosell's Estate.

Darwent

Navigation.

414 19 Martii. A. 1700.

War in Ireland and Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That after Disbanding of the said Regiments, upon the Petition of the Petitioners to the Treasury, which was referred to the Lord Coningsby, he reported, That the Petitioners had no Accounts made up by their Captains; and the Captains say, They cannot get Accounts from the Colonels, according to the Directions of a late Act of Parliament, they have placed so many unwarrantable Deductions on the Head of Subsistence, that the Petitioners, and the Captains, Arrears are reduced to little or nothing; whereupon the Petitioners applied to the Commissioners of Accounts, who sent for the Captains, who owned, that there were Arrears due to the Petitioners, and desired the Commissioners to examine and determine the Accounts between them and the Colonels; but the Commissioners finding, that the said Regiments could not expect Debentures, being disbanded, and paid by the Government, they thought themselves not authorized to meddle therewith; so that the Petitioners remain remediless, in great Distress, for want of their just Dues; nor have they had any Consideration for their Cloathing, Two Years wanting: And praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the Fact to this House.

A Petition of Ann Rosell, the Widow and Relict of Gervas Rosell Esquire, deceased, and Mother and Guardian of Gervas Rosell, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Thomas Rosell, the Petitioner's Husband's Father, being seised in Fee of several Lands in Nottinghamshire, of about 250 I per Annum, did, by his Will, devise the same to Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and raising above 2,600 I. for his younger Childrens Portions, they being all now living: That, Thomas dying, the said Premises descended to the said Gervas, who likewise subjected the same to the Payment of his Debts; and further, for answering a Jointure to the Petitioners, and for Maintenance of, and Portions for, his Two Daughters, to be ascertained by Trustees, named in his Will: That the said Lands are frequently overflowed by the River Trent, which breaks down the Banks, and requires a considerable Sum to keep the same, and Waterworks, in Repair; for the doing whereof, and discharging other Branches of the said Trust, the acting Trustee took up, at Interest, several Sums of Money upon the Premises, and died, leaving the same unpaid, and without appointing any Maintenance, or Portions, for the Daughters of the said Gervas; and the Trust is now vested in his Second Son, who is young, unable to manage, and refuses to act, or receive the Rents, and has actually released the said Trust; and the said Estate will soon be swallowed up with Interest, and other incident Charges; so that the Petitioner, and the Children of Thomas and Gervas Rosell, must be inevitably ruined, unless relieved by an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the said Estate, or so much thereof as will pay off the Debts and Incumbrances to which the same is liable, and make Provision for the Daughters of the said Gervas, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Marquis of Hartington, and Mr. Leigh, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Palmes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of York, navigable: And the same wras received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

---

[Southwark Small Debts.]

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Housekeepers, and Inhabitants, in the Borough of Southwark, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are deeply sensible of the Oppressions of the Knight Marshal's Court, and other inferior Courts, to the poorer Sort of People, inhabiting within the said Borough, and other Out Parishes in Surry, within the Bills of Mortality, for Debts under 40s.; and that nothing will more contribute to the Benefit of such Inhabitants, than a Court of Conscience, for Recovery of small Debts under 40s.: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for recovering small Debts under 40 s. within the Borough of Southwark, and out Parishes in Surry within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants within the respective Parishes within the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

---

A Bill for the better Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of Ease of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was read the Griffs, First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiences of Par- Deficiend liamentary Funds since his Majesty's happy Accession to inPar, ia-the Crown, which hath been presented to the House, be j^ary referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Hearing the Merits of the Election sieving for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, Action, which is appointed to be before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Tuesday next, be put off until Tuesday Sevennight.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Exporting Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Wool. Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, Commissioners were appointed for putting in Execution the Laws to prevent the Exportation of Wool; who deputed several Officers for that Purpose, that wrere at great Pains and Charges in prosecuting Offenders, and otherwise, in Discharge of their said Trust; and, as yet, have received little or no Reward for the same; and that, unless some Provision be made for the better Encouragement of the said Commissioners, and their Officers, they wall necessarily be forced to desist in the further Prosecution of their said Trust, to the great Loss of the Petitioners, and all other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, That Provision may be made for the better Encouragement of the said Commissioners, and the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, in relation to the Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into the Proceedings of the said Commissioners for preventing the Exportation of Wool, and their Officers; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for preventing the Exportation of Wool, do lay before this House an Account of the Seizures made by them, and their Officers.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Mere- Insolvent deth, Mr. Clark, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Blofield, Sir 77/0. Debtors. Hales, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ludgate Prisoners is referred.

A Petition of Charles Bodville, Earl of Radnor, was KinfsB< presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That fleei this House having ordered William Lenthall Esquire to Pnwn,‘ be heard, by Counsel, on Saturday next, in relation to his Interest in the King's Bench Prison; and the Concerns which Mr. Lenthall has therein, being mortgaged to the Petitioner; he prays, That he may be likewise heard, by his Counsel, at the same time.

Ordered\

19* Martii.

come and sues of ibhc Re-nues.

ichy of ncaster: venue.

st of

iglish Am-ssadors.

ate of the ition.

large of ibery ainst Mr. Shepherd, Member.

scharged ra being i !mber.

lother

ison

emitted.

Edward

pmour

inked.

13 w. III.

Ordered, That the Earl of Radnor be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House an Account of the Incomes and Issues of the Publick Revenue, and of the Produce of the Funds appropriated to the Civil List, and the Application thereof, from Michaelmas 1699, to Christmas 1699, and from thence to Christmas 1700.

Ordered, That the Chancellor, and other Officers, of the Duchy of Lancaster, do lay before this House an Account of all the Revenues of that Duchy, and the Incomes, and Issues, and Application thereof.

Ordered, That a, List be laid before this House, by the principal Secretaries of State, of the Names of all the Ambassadors, Envoys, and Ministers, for the Crown of England, in foreign Courts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

The Order for Fi'ancis Shepherd Esquire to attend in his Place, and be heard, touching the Matters charged upon him, in relation to the Election for the Borough of Andover, being read;

And Mr. Shepherd attending accordingly, in his Place; he expressed, himself to the Effect following; viz. That if he had done any thing whereby to fall under the Displeasure of the House, he was sorry for it; and desired a favourable Construction: That it does not any way appear by the Evidence, that he is any way guilty of Bribery, to corrupt the Electors, or any other Person: That he did not think of Standing, till it was offered to him: And he hoped the House would not think him guilty of Bribery; and submitted himself entirely to the House. And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Francis Shepherd Esquire be discharged from being a Member of this House.

Resolved, That it hath appeared to this House, That Mr. John Hassam is guilty of corrupt and indirect Practices to procure an Election of Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, to be a Burgess for the Borough of Nezvport, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John IJassam be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Sir Edward Seymour Baronet hath made good his general Charge against Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, of Bribery and Corruption, in several Boroughs that send Members to Parliament.

Resolved, Ncniine contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, a Member of this House, for the great Service he hath done the Publick, in detecting the Bribery and Corruption, which hath been practised in the Elections of several Members to serve in this present Parliament.

And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Sir Edward Seymour,

The House has had a long Examination of several corrupt Practices, tending to the Destruction of the Constitution: They are sensible the Discovery thereof is owing to your Resolution, to your Love of the Publick; and is brought about at your Charge, and by your Conduct.

Tis an Honour, Sir, to you, that you are descended from Ancestors, who have been successful in commanding Armies and Fleets of this Kingdom, and from a Protector of the Realm: But 'tis your personal Honour, that you have protected even the Constitution of this Place.

As the House has expressed their Zealand Indignation against those who have endeavoured to undermine and ruin the Foundation of our Liberties; so they are desirous, at the same time, that your Name may stand upon Record, as being the Means, by which 'tis brought about: Vol. 13.

4X5

Therefore they have commanded, That the Thanks of this House be given to you, for the great Service you have done the Publick, in detecting the Bribery and Corruption, which hath been practised in the Elections of several Members to serve in this present Parliament.

Whereupon Sir Edward Seymour spoke to the Effect following; viz.

Mr. Speaker,

The Honour I have received this Day, is sufficient to gratify the greatest Ambition, and the greatest Endeavours any Man is capable of, in order to the public Service, which was the only Inducement that occasioned me to undertake it: And I am extraordinary happy, that Success has crowned my Endeavours so far, as to entitle them to your Approbation: I must say, that I am indebted to several particular worthy Gentlemen, who have given their Assistance in this Matter; and that the great Honour you have been pleased to do me this Day, will be so great an Ornament to my Escutcheon, that it will wait upon me to my Grave.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, after his Majesty's gracious Message considered, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Martii; 13* Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

A Petition of George Tipping Esquire, was presented to Tipping's the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Estate, had, by Elizabeth, his late Wife, One Daughter, their only Child; who is seised, in Possession and Reversion, of considerable Estates, of about 37 5 /. per Annum, in Gloucestershire and Leicestershire: That the Petitioner hath Proposals of a considerable Match for his said Daughter, in or near London; and the Person is rather desirous of Money to be laid out in Lands hereabouts, than the said Estates, which lie about 100 Miles from each other; to which the Petitioner is also willing, upon a good Settlement to be made for his Daughter; but, by reason of her Infancy, she being

about

190 — -20° Martii.

Prayers.

A PET ITION of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices Tower of the Peace, Gentlemen, Traders, and Inhabitants, Hamlets of the Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower oi Lo/idon, was Workhouse* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor within the said Hamlets and Liberties are of late Years become very numerous, and burdensome to the rest of the Inhabitants; and are likely to increase, if not prevented by such Means as may put some Stop to the same, by discouraging Idleness and Debauchery amongst them, and rendering the able Poor serviceable to the common Good, in employing them at Work, under sufficient Authorities to compel them thereto: And pray ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, or Houses of Correction, in the said Hamlets and Liberty; and for the good governing the same, and employing the Poor there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry Johnsony and Mr. Mompesson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

4i 6 ao° Martii. A. 1700.

about Fifteen Years of Age, the said Estates cannot be sold without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the said Estates in Trustees, in order to the Sale thereof, for a Portion upon such Marriage, and a suitable Settlement made thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of fie said Petition: And that Mr. Mompesson, and Sir Henry Johnsonr do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Masters and Journeymen of the Art nufacture. and Mystery of Wool-combing, within the Town and Borough of Chulmkxgh, in the County of Devon, wa3 presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That divers Persons, for several Years last past, in Cholmley, and the adjacent Parishes, have, and do make it their Endeavours to destroy the said Art of Wool-combing, by 1 the irregular Management of divers Farmers, Shopkeepers, and others, who are of different Trades and Calling; and yet set divers People to Work, that never were bound or served Apprenticeships to the said Art, as the Law directs, under feigned Pretences of employing the Poor; although, by it greater Poverty ensues; they giving little or no Money for their Labour, only Goods and Commodities, at their own Rates; by Means whereof, the Petitioners Trade is undervalued, and under-sold by such Interlopers in Trade; so that the Master Workmen cannot subsist, and the Journeymen can scarce get Bread; and must unavoidably be brought to extreme Want, if not speedily relieved by some good Law for the better regulating the said Art; which may be a great Improvement to the Woollen Manufacture, and a Means to employ the Poor in general: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to redress the Inconveniencies arising by Persons exercising the Art and Mystery of Wool-combing, who have not served their Apprenticeships therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufacture;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved That the Petition be rejected.

Deale A Bill for furnishing the Town of Neiv Deale with

-Waterworks, fresh Water, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Braver, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Herne, Mr. Proby, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Harley, Mr. Clayton, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Randyll, Mr. North, Earl of Disert, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Soames, Mr. Mountstecen, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Holmes, Sir John Mordant, Sir PM. Bolder, Lord Hartington, Mr. Champnyes, Sir Henry Johnson, Mr. Blysse, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Dry den, Sir Edm. Denton, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Heme, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Dyett, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Brerelon, Sir Cha. Shuckborough; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Surry; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

C large s' Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham be added to the Com-

fcstate. mittee, to whom the Petition of Sir Walter Clarges Baronet is referred.

Petition from Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Pe-Cornwall. tition of pjjg^ Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of

CornzvalL

Kidd's Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Piracies. (he Papers delivered in from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England,

relating to Captain Kidd; and to collect and report to the House, what relates to the said Captain Kidd therein:

And it is referred to the Lord Marquis of Hartington,

Sir Edward StradUng, Sir Rowland Gzvyn, Mr. Conyers,

Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Hamond, Sir Cha. Hotham, Colonel Lee, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mounstevens, Earl of Disert,

Mr. Jennings, Colonel Granville, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Scobell, Sir Jo. Leveson Gower,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Kay, Lord Combury, Mr. Duke, Sir Sam. Bamardiston,

Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Clayton, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Bridges, Mr. King, Mr. Paget, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Rowney, Sir Rick Onslow, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Harvey, Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Mcredeth, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr.

Henley, Mr. Soame, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Boscawen,' Mr.

How, Mr. Winington, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Prideaux,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Ogle, Sir Henry Johnson, Lord Fairfax, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Herne, Mr. England,

Colonel Bierley, Mr. Bolt, Mr, Gwyn, Sir Cha. Turner:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, and to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to join with Ventilating Sir Christopher Wren, in surveying this House; and to the Houw* consider what may be done for the letting in the Air into the House, for the Conveniency of the Members: \

And it is referred to Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Art king- 1

ton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bridges, Lord Ranelagh, Mr.

Lownds. j,

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, for pre- Regulating j venting Bribery and Corruption in Boroughs; and for Electio"-further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, upon the Debate of the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Bartho.

Shozver, Mr. Finch, Mr. King, Sir Rowl. Gwyn, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Robert Davers, Colonel Bierly, Mr. Moncton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Boscaxven, Mr. Pag it, Sir I Jos. Jekyll, M \\ Bridges, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Cha. Botham, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hamond, Lord Dysci't, Mr. England, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Row- j ncy, Mr. Duke, Mr. Cox, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Henley,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Herne, Mr. How, Sir John Packing-ton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ogle, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Godfrey Copley, to prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Packington, according to Order, presented to Preservation the House a Bill for the better Preservation of the Pro- Protestan) testant Religion; and for the preventing the Translation Hei8ion' of Bishops from one See to another: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Mitchell hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Elccuon. Mitchell, in the County of Cornzcall, upon the several Petitions of Sir Richard Vivian Baronet, and of the Inhabitants of the said Borough.

And the Counsel were called in; and heard, both for the Petitioners, and for Antony Rozv Esquire, the Sitting Member: And several Witnesses were examined on both Sides.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And Mr. Rozv was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, is in the Portreeve, and Lords of the Manor who are capable of being Portreeves, and the Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot 1 The

b>

13 W. III. 2o° — 21° Marttu

The Question being put, That Antony Row Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchdl;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Vivian Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchell.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Mitchdl, in the County of Cornwall, by rasing out the Name of Antony Rozv Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir Richard Vivian Baronet, in* stead thereof.

nnnnttees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2V die Martii;

13* Gulielmi; Anno 1700-1.

Prayers.

itchell npiiE Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended eturn x the Return for the Borough of 'Mitchdl, in the aeuded. County of Cornwall, according to Order.

;r s Bench A Petition of the Court of Lord Mayor and Alder-leet men of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Bill depending in the House, for regulating the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet, the Petitioners conceive the same will greatly prejudice the said City, if it should pass into a Law, as now penned: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, what they have to offer in relation to the said Bill, before the same do pass this House.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Lists of Mr. Secretary Vernon, according to Order, presented

English Am- to |the House of List of his Majesty's Ambassadors, En-

HKadors. J J

voys, and Ministers, at foreign Courts in thfe Southern Province:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Charles Earl of Manchester, A m bassador Extraordinary in France.

William Lord Paget t, Ambassador in Turkey:

Sir William Noiris, Ambassador in India.

Paul Methwin Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary in Portugal.

Mr. Z). Heroart, Envoy Extraordinary in Switzerland.

Sir Lambert Bladcwdl, Envoy Extraordinary at

Florence.

Mr. Mermande, Secretary at Mussels.

'William Aglionby Esquire, sent lately to Spaine.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Hedges, according to Order, presented to the House k List of his Majesty's Ministers in Fo* reign Courts, in the Northern Provinces, the 20th of March 1700:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Alexander Stanhope Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the States General, and Plenipotentiary at the Hague.

James Cresset Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Princes of the House of Lunenburgh, at Hanover.

Doctor John Robinson, Resident in the Court of Sweden, at Stockholme.

Hugh Gregg Esquire, Resident in the Court of Denmark, at Copenhagen.

Mr. Roba't Sutton, at the Emperor's Court, without Character, lately recalled.

George Stepney Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to that Court, now on his Way thither.

Mr. Philip Plant amour, at the Court of the King of Prussia, without Character.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Henry Goodrick, from the Board of Ordnance, pre- Estimates for sented to the House, according to Order, an Abstract of fortifying the Estimates for securing his Majesty's Harbours, and Dock-yard9, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth*, ^rds.00 " together with Estimates and Plans for those Purposes:

And the Titles thereof were read:

And the Abstract of the Estimates is as followeth; viz. Chatham:

For making a Line to secure his Majesty's Dock-yard there, from Insults -

Portsmouth: £. s.

For a Line with a Moat about the Dock - - - - 15,416 o

For deepening the Moat at Gosport, and making Breastworks with Platforms 7,464 18 For securing Blockhouse-point - 18,093 7

For Platforms for 40 Cannon, and a Stone Redoubt, with a Counterscarp, at~

»r Platforms for 40 Cannon, and a Stone Redoubt, with a Counterscarp, art Q Slokesbay ----- -- - - - - j >44*

For Works at South Sea Castle For Works at Ports Bridge For Guns and Carriages

Plymouth. 19 Guns 14 Guns

For Batteries on St. Nicolasl Island, of - - -y

For a Battery of 11 Guns at Stonehedge-point For a Battery of 24 Guns at Mount Edgcomb For Purchase of Land

d. o o 4 6 0

6,236 15 1,029 15 6,689 1

0

o

11

2,232 11 L9°7 3 M 35 9 3,022 16 200 o

11,536

0

o

6

6

o

d.

o

63,371 3 3

8,798 0 0

Total - 83,705 3 3

The Estimates and Plans are bound up with other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Abstract, Estimates, and Plans, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

VOL.13.

A Petition of James Mounton, the First Captain in the Army French Regiment of Foot, lately commanded by Colonel Arrears de Camion, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner served the Government during the War of Ireland; but could never 5 O prevail

Lady

Bulkfey's

Estate.

Resumption df Grants.

Creditors on

deficient

Funds*

Army

Arrears.

4l8

prevail with Mr. Bomiiott, Agent of the said Regiment, to come to a fair Account with the Petitioner; so that he is like to be deprived of his just Demands without the Assistance of the House: And praying the Relief of the House against the said* Agent.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matters of the said Petition; and state the Fact to this House. '

Mr. Vaughan, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Sale of some Houses and Lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, the Estate of Elizabeth Lady Bulkley, for Payment of Debts, for which the same are mortgaged: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Mitchell, John Pozvney, Charles Aldxcorth, William Smith, and Richard Topham, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for the Enlarging of Windsor Park, the Petitioners conveyed to his now Majesty certain Freehold and Leasehold Lands; in Consideration whereof his Majesty by Letters Patents, did grant to the Petitioners other Lands in Windsor Parish; which being of something greater Value than the Lands conveyed by the Petitioners, they paid the Overplus in Money: And praying, That they may have proper Savings inserted in the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Tallies on th? first Three Shillings Aid, Third Quarterly Poll, and other deficient Funds, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the late Act for Sale of the forfeited and other Estates in Ireland, there was a Provi-$io» mfeaded for Payment of the Petitioners Debts, due upon the said Funds, put erf the said Irish Estates; but, as they conceive, the Monies due thereupon cannot be thereby sufficiently answered, if the Monies arising thereby be applied to the Payment of the Army Debentures, and Transports, and other Debts, to which they are also appropriated: And praying, That effectual Provision may be made for the Petitioners Security.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whoie House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of John Oliver, and others, on behalf of themselves, and alt others, that served in the Regiment of Horse, commanded by the Honourable Colonel Francis Langston, in the Reducing of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in 1688, his Majesty, of his Bounty, gave to each Man in the said Regiment 31 Days full Pay, which was paid them, and afterwards stopt out of their Subsistence; and in 1692, they received another Bounty from the Queen; which is since charged as Part of their Subsistence: That, in 169 2, the Regiment was broke; and the Colonel hath signed a full Discharge, in the Pay Office, for the said Regiment, entire to the 1st of April 1692; and hath cleared with the Commission Officers for their own Pay, and accounted with his own Troop, and paid them in Part, and gave w Note under his Hand for the rest: That the Petitioners, Who were in the Five other Troops, have had no manner of Account, either from the Colonel or Captains, though all possible Endeavours have been used to obtain the same by their several Complaints to this House, and Application to the Commissioners of Accounts: And praying. That they may be relieved in their just Complaints, by Such means as the House shall.....most proper and

1700.

expedient; the said Colonel designing to go for Ireland, very speedily.

Ordered, That it he referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the Fact to this House.

A Petition of several Troopers, late belonging to Cap- Army tain De la Fond's Troop, when Major to Colonel indsor s Deduction Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Major hath made several unwarrantable Deductions out of the Petitioners Subsistence, amounting to 14/. a Man, besides the Offreckonings, and Horses detained at Disbanding; for all which the Petitioners cannot obtain any Satisfaction, though often demanded; and praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That it be referred, to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matters of the said Petition; and report the Fact to the House.

A Petition of the Clothiers of his Majesty's Army Army was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That beUctum the Petitioners are possessed of certain Army Debentures for their Debts, made out by the Commissioners of Accounts; which Debentures are to be satisfied by Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the Petitioners ought thereby to have been paid before this time, or have had Liberty of purchasing the said Estates; but, as yet, I they have not received their Debentures for the greatest 1 Part of their Debts, nor Power of purchasing the said Estates; And the said Debentures, carrying no Interest, are at a very great Discount; whereby the Petitioners Credits and Stocks are under great Hardships:

And praying, That such as have not received Debentures may be relieved touching the same; and that on all the Debentures there may be such an Interest, as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Mr. Spe ke oeived a Letter from John Parkhurst and John Paschall comnjum- Esquires, in the Toxvcr, That they had, pursuant to Three JHtes Le;w Orders of the 3d of March instant, sent the Accounts ' following: viz. Paschall.

A true Account of the whole Receipts and Disbursements of the Prize Office, from the First Constitution thereof to this present time:

A List of all the Ships taken in the Mediterranean:

A List of all the Ships taken by the Packet Boat; together with the Warrants directed to the Commissioners, and the Grants thereupon made, and by whom countersigned: And that they desire the House may be acquainted, That their utmost Endeavours having been used to comply with those Orders in time, has interrupted their Proceedings with the Scheme, which should be perfected, and laid before the Commissioners, with all possible Expedition:

And that the Account and Warrants were at the Door.

And an Officer from the said Commissioners was called in: Who, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Account, Lists, Warrants, and Grants.

And then withdrew.

The Accounts are in Books by themselves.

Ordered, That the said Account, Lists, Warrants, and Grants, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, take into Consideration the said Account,

Lists, Warrants, and Grants.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Prizes do, by that time, make up their Accounts, and transmit the same to the Commissioners of Accounts, pursuant to the

Directions

2 i° Martii.

ij W. III.

210- — 24*

419

Directions by them received from the Commissioners of

Accounts, according to the Order of the 28th of February last.

Ordered, That every Person who was concerned as a Commissioner or Officer in the Commission of Prizes, do join in the making up the Account of Prices, during the respective times they were in the said Commission, according to the Scheme directed by the Commissioners of Accounts, and required by this House.

Negotiations The House proceeded, according to Order, to take ejecting into Consideration his Majesty's gracious Message to this he Partition House upon Tuesday last.

,iealy' And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And afterwards the Proposals made to the French Am- bassador by Mr. Stanhope; and also the Translation of the Resolutions of the States General, for treating with Monsieur D'Avaux, the 22d of March ! 700-1; were read.

Resolved, That the Treaty of Partition be read. Mir

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message; wherein he is pleased to communicate his Royal Intentions to acquaint this House, from time to time, with the State and Progress of those Negotiations, into which his Majesty has entered, pursuant to the Address of this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding u and for his Majesty's Care of these Nation?, and the " Peace of Europe:"

And the Question being put, That those Words be ') added;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } l87*

TenersforfceNoes,^ J.»

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message; wherein he is pleased to communi* cate his Royal Intentions to acquaint this House, from time to time, with the State and Progress of those Negotiations, into which his. Majesty has entered, pursuant to the Address of this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, also to lay before his Majesty the ill Consequences of the Treaty of Partition to this Kingdom, and the Peace of Europe;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, after " Partition," these Words, passed under " the Great Seal of England, during the Sitting of " Parliament, and without the Advice of the same:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made, by

adding, after iC Europe? these Words, u whereby such " large Territories of the King of Spams Dominions " were to be delivered up to the French King

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, And also to lay before his Majesty the ill Consequences of the Treaty of Partition (passed under the Great Seal of England) during the Sitting of Parliament, and without the Advice of the same) to this Kingdom, and the Peace of Europe; whereby such large Territories of the King of Spain's Dominions were to be delivered up to the French King.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address:

And it is referred to Sir Roxctond Grwpiy Sir Thomas Littleton, Lord Cuningshy, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Moncton, Sir Jo. Packmgtm, Mr. St John, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Cowper, Earl of Dysert,

£Mr. Hamond, Lord Spencer, Mr. Bridges, Mr Pagett,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mmpessdn, Mr. How, Sir Jos. Treden-ham, Mr. Hat'vey, Mr. Cha. Boyle, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Clarke, Lord Cults, Sir Barth. Shower, ^Ir. Boyle, Sir Jos. Jekilt, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Chr. Musgrqme, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Finch, Mr. Tredenham, Mr.

Henly, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bridges, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Pierpaint, Lord Harting-ton, Sir Jo. Leveson Gower, Mr. Varney, Sir Thomas Powys, Sir Edw. Turner: And they are to meet Tor morrow Morning, at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers. ....

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, after the King's Bench Hearing at the Bar, upon the Bill for regulating the Pri- and Fleet sons of the King's Bench and Fleet, revive itself into a Pmon* Committee of the whole House, to QQn*jder further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned tjU To^iWfiW Mgrping, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 22° die Martii;

130 WilieJmi; Anno 1790-1.

Prayers.

MR. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Civil List House the gross and net Receipt of the Civil Funds. Li6t Funds, for One entire Year, from the 2.5th of December 1699, exclusive, to the 25th of December 1700, inclusive: And,

An Account of Funds given by Parliament, for the Year 1700, made up to the 21st of March 1700.

And the Titles thereof were read: And the said Accounts are as follow; viz.

The gross and net Receipts of the Civil List Funds, for One entire Year, from the 25th of December 1699, exclusive,

to the 25th of December 1700, inclusive.

£ s. d. £. s. <L

Money arising at the General Office of Excise in London, for Hereditary and Temporary Excise, as per the List, marked A; vouched by the Cashier's Weekly Accounts; examined and attested by the Deputy

Comptroller of the Excise - - -....

More for Leather Duty transferred to this Branch of Excise, to testify'

Errors, as per the same List -

414,207 12 6f 2,196 10 11

Deduct so much as hath been paid by the Cashier of the Excise, towards ' the Charges of Management, as per the same List - - - - 15,000 16

416,404 3 5*

Vol. 13.

For

Mar lit.

Civil List Fuads.

£. s.d. £ s.

For Over-charges on Cyder, Beer, and Ale, as per the\ same List - - - - j

For exported Beer and Spirits, as per the same List -Transferred to the Malt Duties, to rectify Errors, as per\: the same List -.....J

42

48

17,160

*7

7

7t

7

32,252

Money arising at the General Receipt of the Post Office Revenue, as by^ the Receiver's Weekly Account, and the List marked B, doth appear J Paid there for Charges and Management, according to ditto List -

95,415 18 19,792 6

The Revenue of First fruits, by a Medium of Seven Years last past, doth,! v. in Gross, amount for One Year, as per the Deputy Remembrancer's

' Certificate thereof, and the List marked C, to - - - -J

To Allowances to the Officers of the First fruits, amounts per Annum to

4,089 n o 343 6 8

£ 4,804

11 5i

The Tenths of the Clergy in the several Dioceses, over and above all Exonerations, by Acts'!

of Parliament, or ancient Charters, do make, per Annum, as per the List, marked D -J The Fines for Writs of Covenant, and Entry in the Alienation Office,'

by a Medium of Seven Years last accounted for, do, according to the List, marked E, founded on the Auditor's Certificate, amount, m One

Year, in Gross, to - -

£ s. d.

Abate the Salaries of the Officers of the Alienation Office,"1 amounting to, per Annum, as by the same List - -J And for the necessary Expences of that Office, amount- ing, by a Medium of Seven Years, as per the samel

770

in$

List, to per Annum

-J

36l 17 Hi

1,131 17 11

The Post Fines are iii Lease for Years* as per the Docket marked F, under the yearly Rent of The Revenues of Wine Licences are under Management of Sir Stephen Evans, and others,

- - for -the Residue of a Term of Ten Years, which began at Lady-day 1691, and to end at Lady- I day next; and the Sum of 30,0001 was advanced by the said Managers on Credit thereof, t which they are authorized by their Contract to defalk, with Interest, at 6/. per Cent, and Gra- / tuity at 2/. per Cent, per Annum: And the whole Produce of this Branch is applied towards the said Principal and Interest: So there arises to his Majesty, out of this Revenue, within the I v?-Yfearendedat Christmas 1700, as appears by the Docket marked G Nil. -

Money arising by Sheriffs Proffers, and paid into the Exchequer within the said Year, have!

flipounted tof as per the List marked H - - - -J

The Compositions in the Exchequer, by like Payments, have amounted to, in the same time, as!

per the same List - - - -J

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods have made, by like Payments, as per the same List

The Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, by a Medium of Seven Years, ended at Michaelmas 1099, to which time the Accounts are made up, rioth produce, for One Year, according to the Certificate of the Deputy Auditor and the List marked I, the Sum of -

-Out of which there is issuing, for Charges of Management, and for several' v Reprizes in the same List contained, per Annum

9,869 12

d.

1,142 8 2

tThe Land Revenue arisen within the Principality of Wales, as by an Account. signed by the Deputy Auditor, and the List marked K, doth - . amount per Annum.for South Wales, 3,493/- 10 s.: For North Wales 3,362 /.* 4 s.£.; in both - -

And the Sums issuing out of the same, on Account of Management, and to answer ancient Stipends, Rents Resolute, and other Reprizes, do amount, as by the same List, to, per Annum -

6,85714 0-1

2,314 9 7

There Rath been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, within the said Year, ended at Chj'ist-\

mas 1170ft, for Finos of Leases, and Rents of other Lands, as per the The Duty of and \ per Cent in Specie, arisen in Barbadoes, and the Leeward Islands, ip America, hath produced, within, the same time, as per List marked M, grounded upon the Account of the Receiver General of the Customs From which abate the Sum imprested to Mr. Tlirale, the Husband of this" Duty, to defray the Freight, Customs, and other Charges thereupon, f as jer the same List - -

The Money arising fcy the additional Subsidy of Tonage and-Poundage, between the 31st of January 1699, the time the same commenced, and the 25th of December 1700, inclusive, according to the List marked N, > maintained by the Weekly Accounts of the Receiver General, doth I amount to- ----- -- -J

-1st marked L 16,194

s.

d.

-J

1,836 6 6

296,052 13 10 J

A 1700.

£ s. d.

384,152 2 <4 "5,623 12 1

3,"746 4 4 12,240 0 0

3,672 13 5i 2,276 0 0

Nil.

920 18 3-.

39 *7 2 9,281 13 9i

8,727 4 5

4,543 4 5f 358 11 2

14,357 5 0 Out

i3 W. IIL

22° Martii.

421

Out of which deduct, as per the same List, the Payments on Debentures*] £. s. d.

for Goods re-shipped, 30,477/. 4s. 3& and Allowances for damaged!* 35,793 18 3! Goods, 5,316/. 14* ofd.; in both - - - -J

Add the! several Over-payments made at the Exchequer, by the Receiver of the Customs, on!

Account of the Additional Tonage of a Farthing a time, in Six several Weeks - - -J

And then the Sum Total of the clear Money arising by the said appropriated Funds and] Revenues, in the Year aforesaid* does amount to Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Two> hundred Nine-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten-pence Three Farthings - - -J

Out of which deduct the Sum directed, by Act of Parliament, to be supplied to his Majesty]

W J i 7 |/ '

Expences and Occasions; to wit, Seven hundred thousand Pounds -

j

£. S. d.

260,25 s 15 7

0 0 if

780,298 11 104.

706,000 0 0

Civil List Fund&i

Then the Overplus, more than Seven hundred thousand Pounds, in the Year ending the 25th]

December 1700, inclusive, is Eighty thousand Two hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Eleyen> 80,298 11 10^. Shillings and Tenpence Three Farthings

IFm, Lowndes.

9

VOL. 13.

5P

An

Ordered,

sa

E.Ss

An ACCOUNT of the Funds given by Parliament* for the Service of the Year 1700; to wit, in the Sessions begun the 16th November 1699, and ended the 11th A T

made up and stated to the 2i$t of March 1700-1. Pn 1700*'

4*

The King s most Excellent Majesty is

To the Loans charged on the Aid of 2 j. per Lib. pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that behalf ——

To the Overplus of the Civil List Funds for the Year ended at Christmas 1700,1 as per Account

To the Surplus of the Customs, including 76,383/. 5s. 4\d. remaining in the!

-Exchequer the Second December 1699 - J

To Contributions for the Purchase of reversionary Annuities to the Second!

November 1700 - - -.....J

To the Duty of 55. a Ton on French Ships, from the 25th December 1699, to!

the 25th December 1700, the Appropriation then ceasing - - - J

To the Duty of 22 d. per Pound Weight on India wrought Silks for the same!

time, the Appropriation then ceasing aho - - - - J

To the Money arising by the Plantation Duties appropriated for One Year!

from the 31st March 1700 To the Duty of 25 /. per Cent, on French Goods appropriated for the same time, including 109/. 8s. gd. remaining in the Exchequer the 31st March 1700

£. s. d

To Cash of the Duties of 15/. perCent. on India wrought! ,

Silks and Muslins - . - . B-/U'793 *2 4

To Loans on Credit on the same Duties - 111,899 14 9

- Dr.

£. "s.

d.

933,333 6 8 80,29811 log 146,194 13 5i

59,580 o o 787 12 6 10,046 4 it i,9°5 8 7i 4 3>769 0

123.692 7 1

1,399,607 5 2\

Memorandum :That 74,306/. 75. 8d. Part of the said Loans oP 111,898/. 14 s g>d. is repaid out of the said Duty of 15/. per Cent.; and the same Duty, by the Monies which are owing from the Two Companies, and private Traders to India, and by the Goods to be imported before Michaelmas next, will be sufficient, by Estimation, not only to clear the said Loans, but to produce an Overplus for the Benefit of the Publick.

Per Contra*

By the Navy, for paying off and discharging Officers and Seamen, and Recals For Bounty*money to the Officers of the Fleet -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, excluding the Charge of the Register for Seamen For extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet ——

For the Charge of maintaining 7,000 Men-at Sea for 13 Months; viz.

o ! £. 8,

Cr.

<£ s. d.

300,000 o o 18,000

For Wages to Seamen and Recals For Wear and Tear -

130,500

125,125

Memorandum: Out of this last Sum 20,000 /. was paid towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded.

For the Victualling - 91,00a o

By the Ordnance for Sea-Services -

In all, for Marine Services -By the Earl of Ranelagh; to wit, for Half-Pay to disbanded! 00Q Officers - - J 4 '

For Arrears to the Guards and Garisons to the 24th December!

1609, C loathing excepted - j

For Subsistence, Off-reckonings, and Clearings of the Guards! Q qoq and Garisons, for One Year; from the 24th December 1699 J 3

By the Ordnauce for Land Services -

In all for Land Services By the Trustees for Exchequer Bills, Part of 40,000l. for the Charge of circulating the said Bills- -By the Commissioners for stating Accounts for incident Charges - For their Salaries in Part of 2,000l. for the Year to end the 20th April 1701 -

By Interest at 6 /. perCent. on Tallies for 55,013 L 175. 2d. which was charged' on the Overplus of the Civil List Funds - -

By Balance resting in Cash this 21st March 1701; viz.

Of the Overplus oi the Civil List Funds, Anno 1700 Plantation Duties -

25 /. per Cent, on French Goods

«£. s. d. 1956>342 o o

K>

390,000 O O

35,333 6 8

0

0 3,000 0

0

1,384,675 6 8

" 1,017 14 2

Al

0

0 13,914 4 A\

£. 1,309,607 5 2}

IVm. Lowndes.

O

O

13 W. III.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

5r&nt» from Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House he Crown, an Account of all Grants made between the Sixth Day of February 1684, and the Fifth Day of November 1688.

\ 'tanley'i A Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley Baronet, was pre*

1 sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the

5 Petitioner's Father, by Deed, charged a considerable Part

s of his Estate with a Rent-charge of 200l. per Annum to

i his Wife, and 2,000 /. for his Daughters Portions; by

s which the Petitioner's Estate is so much lessened, that he

is become liable to great Debts, which he is utterly unable to pay, as also his Sisters Portions, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament; he having in 1695, so settled his Estate upon his Marriage, that he cannot dispose of the same, but reserving a Power of letting Leases for Lives upon Fines: That his Wife is willing to relinquish a considerable Part of ber Jointure for the Benefit of the Petitioner^ Family: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to charge some Part of the Estate with the Sum of 3,000 L for the Payment of his Debts, and his Sisters Portions, and the transferring his Power of making Leases to Trustees for applying thO Funds towards raising the said Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Hysham do prepare, and bring in the same.

troy De* A Petition of the Officers of His Majesty's Army, was jataiti. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are intitled to certain Debentures for their respective Debts, by virtue of an Act of Parliament for appointing Commissioners of Accounts; which they ought to have had by the time limited by the said Act; and which were to be settled by Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, or by purchasing thereof before this time; but the Petitioners have not yet received their Debentures, nor Power of purchasing the said Estates: And praying that the said Debentures may carry Interest; and that the Petitioners may be relieved touching the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Non-commission Officers, Corporals, Anon. Trumpeters, and private Centinels, reduced, discharged, and disbanded, out of his Majesty's Army, since the happy Conclusion of the Peace, who served in the Reducing of Ireland, and in the Low Countries, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several Sums of Money due to the Petitionerg for Subsistence, and Off-reckonings, for which they cannet bring their Officers to account, notwithstanding their many Complaints to this House, and an Act of Parliament made in the 10th and 1 lth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for that Purpose: That the last Session of Parliament, an Act passed for appointing Commissioners to state and determine the Debts due to the Army, &c.; and the Petitioners applied to the Commissioners for Relief, who declared, that, for want of the Word u Soldier," in the said Act, they had no Power to compel the Colonels to account with their Captains, nor the Captains with their Soldiers; by which Means, the Petitioners are still unrelieved i And praying, That they may be relieved in their just Complaints, and their Officers compelled to account, and pay them what they have received for their said Service.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and state the Fact to this House.

VOL. 13.

423

A Petition of Jane Barkstead, Widow' and Relict of BarksteadV Francis Barkstead, late Citizen and Mercer of London, Nat* deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was the Daughter of George Gill, and was born at Lyons in France, but sent over into England very young, about 30 Years ago, and married the said Francis Barkstead, who was an Englishmen, who died about Seven Years since, leaving Three Infant Children, to whom he, by his Will gave a Third Part of his Estate, and made the Petitioner Executrix; who proved the Will, and put out her Children's Money at Interest, upon Securities, w'hich have been approved by the Court of Chancery: That the Persons who borrowed the said Money are ready to pay it in; but are advised, that the Petitioner, being a Foreigner, cannot reassign, or make a good Title, without being naturalized: And praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for naturalizing the Petitioner, and vesting several Securities, for Part of her late Husband's Estate, in her; so that she may be enabled to take in, and let out, her own and her Children's Money, as there shall be Occasion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ward and Mr. Gulston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Razvlin MaUock Esquire, Son of Roger Mallock'i Mallock Esquire, Cousin of Rawlin Mallock Esquire, Estate* deceased, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Razvlin Mallock, deceased, was seised of a considerable Estate in the Counties of Devon,

Somerset, and Cornwall; and made a Settlement thereof, upon himself, and his Wife, and their Issue Male; and, in failure of Issue, upon such Person, and subject to such Devises, as he by Will should direct: That the said Razvlin, and his Wife, and only Son, are dead; but Rawlin by his Will, granted Annuities to his Daughter, of 200 /. per Annum; and subjected his Estate to the Payment of several great Debts, and SuVns of Money; and gave his Estate to the Petitioner's Father for 99 Years, if he so long lived; Remainder to the Petitioner, and Roger his Brother, since deceased: That the Petitioner's Father died in February 1699; and the said Estate is come to the Petitioner; the Profits w hereof is not enough to defray the said Annuities, Interest, and incident Charges; for which Reason, the Petitioner has come to an#Agreement with the Creditors, and for buying out the Daughter s Annuities, which otherwise will eat out the said Estate: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Sale of some Part of the said Estate, for discharging the Debts and Charges thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gwyn and Mr. Mompesson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of James TVass was presented to the House, Wass's and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn. . Petition.

A Petition of William Gulston Esquire w as presented to Resumption the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty and of fronts* the late Queen, by Letters Patents, did grant the Petitioner certain Liberties for laying of Pipes in the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, for supplying the Inhabitants with Water: That the said Grant was for a.general Good, and the Undertaking accomplished at the very great Charge‘of the Petitioner: And praying, That a Clause may be added to the Bill for resuming the Crants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for saving the Petitioner's said Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition

220 Mar t. '

4M

'2 2® — 24° Martit.

A. 1700.

Resumption A Petition of Laurence Carter Esquire was presented of Grants. the House, and read; setting forth, That the late King James the Second did, by his Letters Patents, grant to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, certain Liberties for erecting and amending Cisterns, Water-houses, and laying Pipes upon the W aste G rounds, and Streets, within the Borough of Leicester, for conveying Water to the Inhabitants there; which was undertaken, and carried on, at the great Expence of the Petitioner, and is no ways detrimental to the Publick: And praying, That a Clause for saving the Petitioner's Right, may be inserted in the Bill for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the Sixth Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Woollen A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Tra-

Manufucture. ders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of Halifax, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Act of Parliament made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, Commissioners were impowered to put the Laws in Execution against the Exportation of Wool; who employed several Officers, and were at great Trouble and Expence, for that Purpose; by means whereof, they are much disabled in the Management of so great a Concern; and, unless some Fund be granted to the said Commissioners, they will be forced to lay aside their said Trust, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all Traders in the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, That a Fund may be raised for the better Encouragement of the said Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, touching the -Woollen Manufacture.

A Bill to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady BuUdcy to sell certain lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of Debts, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Newman, Mr. Wild, be added to the Committcee, to whom the Petition of the Small Debts. Inhabitants of the Tower Hamlets is referred.

K;<td's Mr. Blail/ncaite, according to Order, presented to the

Piracies. House an Extract of the Minutes of the Council of

Massachuset's Ray, since the Earl of s Government, relating to Captain Kidd: And also,

An Extract of the Minutes of the Council of New York, since the Earl of s Government, relating to Captain Kidd.

Which Extracts are bound up with the other Papers ' of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Extracts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

King's Bench The House proceeded, according to Order, to the and Fleet Hearing of the Counsel, in relation to the Bill for regu-

Prisons. lating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Bill was read the Third time: And the Petitions of William Lenthall Esquire, the Earl of Radnor, and the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, were severally read.

And the Counsel for the said several Parties were heard.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

I.udy

Buikcless

Estate.

Tower

Hamlets

Ordered, That Mr. Birch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

/, That Mr. Conyers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Winington, Treaty of ell, be added to the Committee, to whom it is *>a‘UUo11-

Ordered,

Mr. Pinncll,

referred to draw up the Address to be presented to his Majesty, to lay before him the ill Consequences of the Treaty of Partition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, alter the Hearing at the Bar, touching the Election- for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committfts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

ife'i

.. — ----- ----- ----- ----- -- ----- ----- ' 11 *-- sea*.!!

hi!}"!

Lance, 24' die Marti; via

130 Willielmi, Anno 1700-1.

Praters.

A PETITION of Robert Steynor Esquire was pre- Running sentedtothe House, and read; setting forth, That the Salt.

Laws hitherto made, to secure the Duty payable on Salt, are daily eluded by the Officers, Makers, and Carriers, of Salt, within the Borough of Droitwichin Worcestershire, to the Value of 10,000l. per Annum Loss to his Majesty, and the fair Dealer's Loss of Trade; not only because the Officers have the sole Pow er of seizing Salt, passing before Entry; which if all other Persons had, half so much would not be run, and it would save his Majesty half the Number of Officers; but also, for that the Justices of Peace of the said Borough arc great Makers of Salt, and take upon them to try all Causes relating to the Running of Salt, and excuse each other their Friends and Relations, who are also great Dealers in Salt: And praying, that some effectual Care may be taken to prevent the Running and Smuggling of Salt, either by a Bill, or any other Way, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anderton, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Jfanwaring, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Mr. Ash, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Mounsttvcns,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Wilde,

Mr. Thyn, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Scobell, Sir Colonel Granville, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Shacke/iy, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Dyott, Sir Kay, Mr.

Gower, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Henley;and all that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Suffolk, Chester, Southampton,

Lancaster, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Cogi Babba, on behalf of himself, and Kidd'* weer Armenians, Inhabitants of Chtilja, the Suburb of T1|aC,e>*

Spahaw,

.J J

i3 w. in.

24* Martii.

4*5

Spahaxt', and Subjects to the king of Persia, was pre- know his Majesty's Pleasure, wiieri he will be atteaded sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Pe- by this House, tioners freighted a Ship, called the Karri/ Merchant,

Mr. according to Order, presented to the Tipping*!

House a Bill for vesting the Estate of Tipping, Estate*

an Infant, in Trustees* upon her Marriage under Age,

.. A . , -. , r, in order to the Sale thereof, fora Portion upon such

.11 token, and earned away by Captorn KM, on the Marria, and a settles, to be made accidi, gly:

Stop s re nrning to Suratt, about Iebruary 1O97: And An(| t|| 'amc , as received praying, That Captain Kidd may be examined touching

from Surat to Bengali, and to return to Suratt: That she went to Bengali, where the Petitioners loaded upon

her, at prime Cost, to the Value of 400,000 Rupees, besides 40,000 Rupees, the Cost of the Ship; which was

the Premises, and the Petitioners relieved concerning the same.

Ordered, That Captain Kidd be examined, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Keeper of Neu'gate, to bring Captain Kidd to this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, presented to Halli&x the House a Bill for erecting and making a Corporation Poor* within the Town of Hallijax, for the better Relief and Government of the Poor there: And the same was received.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Supply

Papers delivered in from the Commissioners for executing Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, relating to to consider of the Supply to be granted, the Resolutions Captain Kidd, and collect and report to the House what which they had directed him to report to the House;

Address respecting the Treaty of FhrUtion.

relates to Captain Kidd therein, do sort the said Papers; and report to the House what of them relate to Captain Kidd, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Bolton be summoned to attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, in order to his Examination in relation to Captain Kidd.

Ordered, That the Petitioner Cogi Babha do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, with such Evidences as he hath, in order to make out the Matter of his Petition.

Sir Eikoard Seymour reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, That they had draw n up an Address accordingly; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as followeth;

Whereas nothing can more conduce to the Safety and Honour of Your Majesty, and this Nation, than taking the Advice of your English Councils: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in this Parliament assembled, do, with all Humility, return your Majesty our hearty Thanks, for your gracious Message, wherein you are pleased to communicate your Royal

which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 2.5,000l. be allowed to the Office of Ordnance so'r Land Service, for the Year 1701.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 100,000l. be granted to his Majesty, towards the Cancelling and Discharging of Exchequer Bills.

3. lies deed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for raising the Sum 01 37,788/. is. for the Payment of Seven Quarters Interest, due at Lady-day 1699, upon the Malt-r] icktis.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tint a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for raising the Sum of 33,847/. 18$. .5 d.for the Payment of One Year's Interest of the Loans due upon the First Three Shilling Aid.

5. Resoh'cd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, fur raising the Sum of 1,232/. for the Payment of One Year's Interest for the Monies remaining unsatisfied, advanced upon the late Duties laid upon Vellum, Parchment, and

Intentions to acquaint this House with the State and Pro- Paper, gress of those Negotiations, into which your Majesty w as 6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, entered, pursuant to the Address of this House: Which That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for raising the Method had your Majesty been advised to take, before Sum of 18,381/. 12s. for paving One Year's Interest the Treaty of Partition w as perfected, which w as passed of the Money remaining due upon the Third Quarterly under the Great Seal of England, during the Sitting of Poll.

Parliament, and without Advice of the s.i.nc, we had 7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, been prevented from laying before your Majesty what That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, fur raising the we are now bound in Duty, though with Grief, to do, Sum of 3,5,310/. 13$. 4 for paying One Year's Inte-the ill Consequences of that Treaty to this Kingdom, rest of the Debt owing upon the Leather Duties, and the Peace of Europe, which so directly tended to 8. Resolved, That it is the ()pinion of this Committee, increase the Pow er and Greatness of D ance, by deliver- That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for raising the ing up to the French King such large Territories of the Sum of 1,738/. 7 cl. for paying One Year's Interest of King of Spain's Dominions, and to the Destruction of the Loans due upon the Third Three Shilling Aid. the Trade of this Kingdom: To which Treaty may The 1st, 2d, 3d, 4U1, .5th, and 6th Resolutions, being justly be ascribed the Dangers, which nowr threaten both severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question this Kingdom and the Peace of Europe. severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding ' The 7th Resolution being read a Second time;

" Most gracious Sovereign:" And the Question being put. That the House do agree

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sup-agreed unto by the House. ply be granted to his Majesty, for raising the Sum of

A Motion being made, and the Question Being 35,31 o/. 13s. 4d. for paying of One Year's Interest of put, That the said Address be read Paragraph by Para- the Debt owing upon the Leather Duties;

graph;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this Ilotise as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly ' Vo*. 13.

It passed in the Negative.

The. 8th Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee state of th* of the whole House, who are, upon Saturday next, to Natiaa. take into Consideration the State of the Nation, That they

5 Q do

4 $6 240 — 25* . 1701.

do take into further Consideration the Treaty of Partition.

Partition Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search

Treaty — the Journals of the House of Lords, what Proceedings

L^rds063 are therein, with relation to the Treaty of Partition;

Journals. and report the same to this House:

And it is referred to Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. How, Sir Jos. Jekill, Mr. Bridges, Sir Rowland Gwyn.

Chippenham Then the Counsel were called in, to be heard upon the

Election* Petition of Edward Mountague Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; touching the Non-age of John Lord Mor-daimt, returned for the said Borough: And they were heard both for the Petitioner, and for the Lord Mordaunt: And divers Witnesses were examined for both Parties.

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That John Lord Mordaunt was of the vAge of One-and-twenty Years, the 4th Day of January 1700, being the time of the Election of the said Lord Mordaunt, for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of TVUts.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 25* die Martii; 13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Sir Hump. Machvorth, Sir John Phillips, Sir Tho. Powys,

Mr. Monctony Mr. Conyers, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Brewerf Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Randyll, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Walter* Yonge, Mr. Taylor, Sir Cha.

Bloys, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Pye, Sir Wm, York,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Phips, Sir John Kay, Mr. Harley,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Blofield; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of any Defects that are in the Act made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's lleign, for the Ease of Jurors, and better Re* gulating of Juries; and to receive a Clause or Clauses for remedying the same.

A Bill for vesting the Estate of Lucretia Tipping, an Tipping'* Infant, in Trustees, ,upon her Marriage under Age, iit Eslate* order to the Sale thereof for a Portion upon such Marriage, and Settlement to be made accordingly, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Land# vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in South Pickenham, and other Places, in the County of No?folk, c in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies, arising by Sale thereof, in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such and the same Uses as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lynn Work-house.

London Poor Relief.

Woollen Manufacture.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Corrupting

Jurors.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Turner, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Borough of King's-Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: And the same was received.

Sir Robert Clayton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the further Relief and Employing the Poor of the City of London; and punishing Vagrants, and idle Persons: And the same was received.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding this Kingdom is at great Charges in maintaining Vessels and Men to prevent the Exportation of Wool; yet, within these Two Years, many Thousand Packs of Wool have been exported into France, and other foreign Parts, through the Connivance, as it is feared, or great Neglect, of the Commanders of those Vessels; to the great Decay of the "Petitioners Trades: And praying, That effectual Care may be taken to prevent the evil Practices in Transporting of Wool, and to maintain the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

A Petition of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet was presented to the House:

And the same relating to George Weld Esquire, a Member of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Weld do attend this House in his Place Tomorrow Morning: And that the Petition be then read.

A Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Birch,

The House being informed. That Mr. Bennet, the Duchyof Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended, according Jfncaster

j J Revenue,

to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all the Revenue of the Duchy of Lancaster; and the Incomes, and Issues, and Application thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Hindoa vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Election« rough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Hedges, acquainted the House, That King ap* his Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House, Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Af- d 1 ternoon, at Kensington.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Commis-take and state the publick Accounts: And that Mr. 1low, s^oners^ Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Bridges, Sir Barth. Shower, Air. ccoun Hamond, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Accounts do, public Ac-upon Friday Morning next, lay before this House the countants. Reasons offered by the several Accountants, why they have not delivered in their Accounts to the said Commissioners.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, orfonl from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Election. Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the

House;

i3 W, III. a 50

427

House; which he read in his Place; anil afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Charles Hedges and Sir Tho. Felton, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and Sir Edward Turner Knight, to serve for the Borough of Orford:

That the Matter, as it appeared before the Committee, was thus:

That the Petition sets forth, That the Petitioners are duly elected to serve for the said Borough of Orford: And complaining, That Henry Cooper Esquire, High Sheriff' of Suffolk, with an Intention to make a false Return, delivered his Precept to one John Saunders, to whom the Execution thereof did not belong; which the said Sheriff and Saunders well knew, by a solemn Tryal at Bar, in Michaelmas Term last; and afterwards did receive an Indenture, importing, though untruly, that Sir Edmund Bacon and Sir Edward Turner Baronets were elected Burgesses for the said Borough; and has returned the same, and refused a Return of the Petitioners from the Mayor of the said Borough.

That the Fact appeared to be thus:

In Orford are Two Persons who pretend to the Office of Mayor, Thomas Hastings and John Saunders: On the 26th of December, Mr. Edmund Foster went to Orford, where the High Sheriff lived; and acquainted tiiin. That Mr. Hastings was the Mayor of Orford, and expected the Precept: And, on the 30th of December, he wentto Orfot d\ to John Saunders, and told him, he hoped, lie would not meddle with the Precept; and did leave with the High Sheriff and John Saunders, a Copy of a Verdict, at liar, against John Morgan: And Mr. Foster said, That he was present when the Verdict was given, which was upon the Point, Whether Morgan was the real Mayor: Mr. Foster could not say but he demanded the Precept of the Sheriff, before the Sheriff had the Writ: But one Thomas Fnnch testified, That Mr. Hastings did demand the Precept of Mr. Saunders, after it came to Town; but he refused to deliver it*

That it further appeared to the Committee, That&tffl-ders, having the Precept, gave Notice, That the Election would be the 10th of January; and accordingly, upon the 10th of January, went to the Town-hall, and there the Sitting Members were elected: That after Mr. Saunders, and those with him, were come out of the Town-hall, Mr. Hastings, and several of the Freemen, went into the Town-hall; and there the Petitioners were elected, by about the Number of 58.

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, That they could make it appear, That John Sannders was not the lawful Mayor, the said Saimders claiming under Morgan.

To w'hich Point the Committee did not think fit to hear them.

But it not being pretended, that publick Notice had been given of the Time of the said Election by Hastings, neither ever had he the Precept; and it also appearing, that no Person protested against Saunders Proceedings while he was in the Town-hall, or any one demanded a Poll of him;

The Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Edward Turner Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Orford.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Merits of the Election for the said Borough be recommitted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-VOL. 13.

mittee in the said Resolution, That Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time:

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Edward Turner Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Orford.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being Serjeant'* called upon to give the House an Account of, what, he Proceedings! . had done in Execution of the Orders for taking into ^apprehend Custody the Persons directed by the House to be taken ordered intd into Custody, or summoned to attend the House; . Custody.

He acquainted the House, That, in relation to the Matter of Grimsby, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Story, Mr. Bour-man, Mr. Bransby, Mr. Newark, and Mr. Mason, were in Custody; and that both they, and Mr. Rogers, who was summoned to attend the House, do all of them now attend; but that Mr. Jeffries, and Mr. Perks, absconded, and cannot be apprehended 3

And that, in relation to Newport, in the County of Southampton, Mr. John Glover, who was ordered to be committed to Newgate, also absconds, and cannot be apprehended.

And that, in relation to the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, Mr. Alexander Cutting, who was ordered to be taken into Custody, also absconds, and cannot be apprehended.

Whereas Mr. John Glover hath been charged with several Misdemeanors; and, in Contempt of the Authority of this House, absconds:

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address so* Majesty, rlhat he will please to issue his Royal Procla- Proclama-mation for apprehending the said John Glover, with a ^nd^ersons Promise of a Reward for the same; and also for thd absconding, apprehending of the said Mr. Jeffries, and Mr. Perks,

' and the said Mr. Alexander Cutting.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That JVm. Person com* Clifton hath endeavoured, by Bribery, and other corrupt milted fot Practices, to procure an Election of Members to serve in Bnbery> this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That the said William Clfton be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Then the said Mr. Rogers wrascalled in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Rogers be discharged of his further Attendance.

Mr. Mason was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Provision be made, that no Member Resolution of this House, from and after the Dissolution of this againstCom-Parliament, shall be concerned as a Commissioner, or customs" °* other Officer in the Customs. interfering

Resolved, That Provision be made, that no Gommis- in Elections, sioner, or Officer of the Customs, shall concern themselves in soliciting any Election, or procuring Votes for any Election, of Members to serve in Parliament.

Then Mr. Bourman, Mr. Story, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Newark, and Mr. Bransby, were called in; and severally examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the further Consideration how this House will proceed, with Relation to the Crimes, whereof Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, stands convicted before this House, be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Earl of

Ranelaghs

Accounts.

418 $6° Mar Hi* 1701.

The said State of Accounts from the 1st of January 1685, to the last of March 1692, inclusive, being Six Years and Three Months:

Which State he humbly lays before this Honourable House, that by it may, at one Vievr, be seen, the Whole of his Receipts and Payments within that time; which could not be clear to them by any Suite, beginning either from the 5th of November, or the 13th of February, 1688; since the Balance of his Accounts, preceding these Two Periods, would not appear.

The Accounts for the said Six Years and Three Months are in Number Seven: The Six First, which go onto the last of December 1690, are actually past: The Seventh, which begins from the First of January 1690, and ends the last of March 1692, is ingrossed, and ready for Declaration.

The First of the said Seven Accounts begins the First of January 1685, and ends the last of June 1686; being Six Months.

The Charge of it amounts to*--- ----- - 262,555 *8 0

The Discharge of it to.....* - 310,036 4 oi

Balance due to the Accountant 47,480 6 oi

The Second Account begins from the First of July 1686, and ends the last of December

11 .» 1C It f >1

following, being also Six Months.

The Charge of it amounts to - -- 375,702 12 8

The Discharge of it to ----- - - - 379,421 2 10

Balance due to the Accountant 3,7*8 10 2l

The Third Account begins the First of January 1686, and ends the last of December 1687,

being Twelve Months.

The Charge of it amounts to - - - - , -

The Discharge, including the Balance of the next foregoing Account, amounts to

Balance due from the Accountant

The Fourth Account begins the First of January 1687, and ends the last of April 1689, being

Sixteen Months.

The Charge of it, including the Balance of the next foregoing Account, due from the') 1 iqq oqi 15 7i

Accountant, amounts to.....- - - - -J > 99* a

The Discharge, to - 1,272,688 H

Balance due to the Accountant 73,59®

629,282 10 8 625,296 16 nf

3,985 13 8t

Mercurii, 26* die Murtii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Ranelagk, according to Order, presented to the House a State of his Accounts, as Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces, &c. from the 1st of January 1685, on which Day he first entered upon the Execution of that Office, to the last of March 1692: As also,

A State of what was deducted by him for Poundage within that time: And also,

His Account, beginning the First of April 1692, and ending the 25th March 1699: And also,

His Account from the 26th of March to the 24th of December 1699.

And the Titles thereof were read:

And the Accounts are as follow; viz.

The Fifth Account begins the First of May 1689, a°d ends the last of December following,

being Eight Months. *

The Charge of it amounts to-.....----- - 729,220 7 3t

The Discharge, including the Balance of the next foregoing Account, amounts to 821,268 5 or

Bfidanfce due to the Accountant 92,047 *7 9r

The Sixth Account begins the First of January 1689, and ends the last of December 1690,

being Twelve Months.

The Charge of it amounts to - -.....- - - - 817,312 12

The Discharge, including the Balance of the next foregoing Account, amounts to - - 998,779j5^*

Balance due to the Accountant 181,4® 7^ 2

The Seventh Account begins the First of January 1690, and ends the last of March 1692, being

Fifteen Months. 0

The Charge of it amounts to.....- 1,113*8°° ~ g

The Discharge, including the Balance of the next foregoing Account, amounts to 1.2Q7 »°3°

Balance due to the Accountant 183,83° 10

The Total of the neat Charge of the Seven foregoing Accounts amounts to - - - 5,122>9 g jj|

The Neat Discharge of the said Accounts, amounts to ----- - 5>3°^>810 ___

And the Balance due to the Accountant, as aforesaid, is 183,83°

McmorandW,

b\

13 W. III. ad»° Martii, 419

Memorandum: The Fourth of the said Seven Accounts was made up for Sixteen Mouths, the Accountant being Earl of directed so to do, by a Warrant signed by his Majesty, and countersigned by the then Lords of the Treasury, Raoelagh's dated the 11th Day of September 1689 Which Warrant t^es Notice, That, by reason of the Interruption Accounts, of the Musters from November 1G88, to May 1689, the Payments to the Forres had been, for that time, so intermixed, that it would be most convenient for all Persons concerned, that the said Accounts should be made up for Sixteen Months; viz. From the First of January 1687, to the last of April 1689, from which time the New Establishment was to begin: And, by the said Warrant, the Fifth of the said Accounts is directed to be made up for Eight Months; viz. from the First of May 1689, to the last of December following; so that the said Fourth and Fifth Accounts take in Two Years; viz, from the First of January 1687, to the last of December 1689.

Memorandum also, That the Seventh of the said foregoing Accounts is made up for 15 Months; viz, from the First of January 1690, to the last of March 1692; because the great Establishment of the Forces which brought most of the Regiments that had served in thereducing of Ireland, under the Accountants Care, begins from the First of April 1692.

The said State of the Poundage, and what was deducted of it by the Accountants within the time of the foregoing Account; viz.

By the several Establishments which took in the whole time of this Account, being Six Years and Three Months, ending as aforesaid, the last of March 1692, the Account* ant was directed to deduct as usually, Twelve-pence out of every Twenty Shillings paid by him to the Forces, &c.; of which One Third Part was, by the Warrants directing the said Deductions* to be applied to the Exchequer Fees, and to the Paymaster of the Forces for the Time being; and the remaining Two Thirds were to remain in the said Paymaster's Hands upon Account* to be applied either to the Use of the Royal Hospital near Chelsea, or towards the lessening the Charge of the Establishments, according to Directions: But from the First of April

1692, when the great Establishment of the Forces began* which brought most of the Regiments that had served in the_reducing of Ireland, under this Accountant's Care; and which amounted to 1,143,183/. 10 s. 11 d. per Annum; the Third of the Poundage, applicable by the former Establishments, as aforesaid, to the Exchequer Fees* and to the Paymaster of the Forces for the Time being* was entirely extinguished; and the whole Poundage was left to his Majesty's Disposal; who was pleased to grant this Accountant, out of it, a settled Salary of 3,000l. a Year, being what was then allowed to the Treasurer of the Navy.

As to the Two Thirds of the Poundage deducted from the First of January 1685, to the last of March 1692* which amounted to 136,622 /. 19$. 2 d. this Account* ant hath accounted for the same, in manner following:

£. s. d. 5,155 4 8

5,090 14 10 10,243 17 8

- £.20,489 17 2

In the First of the said Seven Accounts he chargedhimself with In the Second of the said Seven Accounts he charged himself with In the Third of the said Seven Accounts he charged himself with

Making together, towards lessening the Charge of the Establishment

And as to the Remainder of the said 136,622/. 19*. 2d. being 116,133/. o^-the said Accountant hath charged himself therewith in Two Accounts, particularly relating to the Royal Hospital, near Chelsea; viz.

In the Account for the said Hospital, which begins the said First of January 1685, and ends the"! £.

Last of December 1687, he charges himself, amongst other Sums, with Poundage, to the| 20,489 Amount of - - - - -J

And in the Account for the said Hospital, which begins from the First of January 1687, andendsl the Last of March 1692, he charges himself with Poundage, to the-Amount of - - -J

17

d.

2

95,643 4 10

Total Charge in the said Two Accounts - 116,133 2 o

Memorandum: The First of the said Hospital Accounts is actually passed by One of the Auditors of the Imprests: And the other Account is ready for the said Auditors; but cannot properly be delivered to them, till the last of the aforesaid Seven Accounts, being for Fifteen Months, is actually passed: But, in the mean time, the Accountant hath delivered in a Draught of the said Account, upon his Oath, to the Commissioners of Accounts; at the End of which, there is a small Balance due to the Accountant.

Ranelagh.

The said Account beginning the First of April 1692, and ending the 25th of March 1699.

The Charge.

Received at the Exchequer from the First of April -1692, to the last of March 1693 Received more from the First of April 1693, to the Last of March 1694 Received from the First of April 1694, to the Last March 1695 Received from the First of April 1695, to the Last March 1696 -

Received from the First of April 1696, to the Last March 1697 -

Received from the First of April 1697, to the Last March 1698 Received more, in Exchequer Bills, from the Fourteenth of July 1697, to the Third ol November following ——

Received more from the First of April 1698, to the Last of March 1699

5'

1,738,764 12 1,513,935 0 2,711,649 16 2,268,398 O 1,781,634 2 2,033,809 12

d.

Ilf

2f

2f

6f

3f

4i

54,185 9 i» 1,556,943 17 9

£13,659,230 12 2 {

Memorandum, It appears by Certidcate from the Auditor of the Receipt, that the Sum of 148,201/, 12*. Part of ,1he above Sum of 1,556,943/. 175. gd. was issued to the Accountant on the 27th of March 1699: And therefore it is transferred from the Charge of this Account to the Charge of the Account commencing the 26th of March, and ending the 24th of December 1699: So that the Charge of Account, for Monies received at the Exchequer, is but ——

>13,5U,119

0

? i

VOL. 13.

5 R

To

£arl of

Rai<elagh'f

Accounts.

26° Martiu

To which is added, the following Sums; viz. 11,247/. 8 a gd. and 847/. is. 6d. paid by' the Accountant to the Duke of Bolton's Regiment of Foot designed for the West Indies, tipon Account: Which having been allowed in his Accounts ended the last of December 1690, and the last of March 1692, and afterwards deducted upon their Clearings, to the last of March 1693, the Accountant doth here charge himself therewith, amounting to

A. 1701.

L A d. 12,094 10 3

And then the Total of the Charge is - £. 13*523,213, 10 5^.

H2,479 17 6

115,089 4 n

114,301 14 3i

53,630 16 6

188,539 15

188,614 0 7*

130,322 2 6-Sr

126,161 1 10 i

128,298 15 H

127,685 17 7

90,956 10 2

111,269 17 8

117,022 6 6{r

3

16

9

3

6

1

o-i

8

' The Discharge.

Balance due to the Accountant at the Foot of his Account, prepared fori £. s. d.

Declaration by the Auditor of the Imprests for Fifteen Months, ending > -. the last of March 169 2 - -J

Payments to General Officers, Aids de Camp, Majors of Brigade an3l Engineers -.....- -J

Payments to the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, following; Viz.

First Troop of Guards -

Second Troop of Guards - -

Third Troop of Guards -

Troop of Grenadier Guards ——

Royal Regiment of Horse ——

Major General Luinley's Regiment -Colonel Wood's ——

Earl of Arran's -

Brigadier Windhams ——

# Duke Schomberg s ——

Earl of Macklesfield's ——

Colonel Harvey's, late Levenson's ——

Brigadier Langston's Standing Regiment -

.Brigadier Langston's Disbanded Regiment - 7,206

Troop of Scotts Guards - ----- - 42,952

Lord Windsor's Regiment ----- -- 74,785

Colonel Harvy's, late Earl of Arran s ----- 73,921

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -

Colonel Loyd's Regiment -

Earl of Essex' Regiment of Dragoons Colonel Rosse's ——

Lord Jedbrough's -

Lord Tiviott's.....-

Earl of Denbigh's ——

Colonel Leigh's ——

First Regiment of Foot Guards

Coldstream Regiment ——

Regiment of Scotts Foot Guards - -

Royal Regiment of Foot

Brigadier Selwyn's Regiment - -

Brigadier Trclawmy's Regiment of Foot ..

Major General Churchills - -

Royal Regiment of Fuzileers - -

Colonel Webb's Regiment -

Sir Bevill Granvill's ——

Colonel Brewer's -

Major General Stewart s ——

Sir Henry Bellasys' ——

Sir John Jacob's ——

Colonel How's - -

Colonel Tidcomb's -

Colonel Frederick Hamilton -

Sir Matth. Bridges -

Colonel Stanlye's ——

Marquis de Puizar s - -

Brigadier Tiffin's ——

Brigadier Fairfaxes - -

Brigadier Ingoldsby's ——

Colonel Collenbine's ——

Major General Erie's ——

Sir David Coijear's ——

Colonel Rowe's -

Brigadier Maitland's ——

Colonel Geo. Hamilton's ——

Lord Strathnaver s - - - - w

Colonel Ferguson's....

Colonel Murray's - - - v -

Colonel Walter Philip Coijear's -

Colonel Lander's -

Colonel Collingwood s - -

Major General Erie's

115,157 *9 3

109,696 1 34

112,078 17 10

71,377 3 4

69,852 2 9

94,697 19 io£

69,324 8 5

69,977 14 7

312,390 12 91

158,294 1 Ht

"9,562 16 9

183,994 9 8

92,139 16 2i

91,999 11 1

88,495 11 81

92,451 *9 94

76,363 1 o|

88,986 14 Hr

77,241 8 7 r

49,080 7 11

52,307 12 24

80,480 5 8 i

80,791 13 8*

85,845 9 6*

64,875 14 54

81,354 1 44

83,328 7 5i

74,897 1 41

75,836 18 74

84,614 6 "4

78,460 16 64

84,337 11 10t

93,707 7 64

78,566 8 64

81,513 5 64

81,292 12 14

54,136 2 7

53,852 6 44

82,572 3 5

82,446 2 H

80,556 19 64

82,066 11 64

£ s. d. 183,830 10 H

286,162 17 10$

1)6,793

79.451

13 9 19 nl

Poke

13 W. III.

26° Ma

431

Duke of Boltons -Colonel Saunderson's Lord Lorns -Colonel Coote's Colonel Brudenall's Colonel Gibson's -Colonel Northcote's Colonel Farrington's Colonel Bochan's -

Colonel Seymour's ——

Colonel Mordant's -

Colonel Colt's, to clear them to the Fifst of April 1692; and upon^ Account, since that time - - - . - -

Colonel Holt's, to clear them to the First of April 1693. 48,479 /. 14s. 8*/.] and upon Account, from that time, 29,158/. 17s. 6d.

Colonel Lillingston's Regiment of 13 Companies ... Colonel Lillingston's Regiment of 1,200 Men -Colonel Russeil's Regiment ——

Four Companies at New York ——

Company in the Leeward Islands -Major Mountjoy's Independent Company -

Major Garth's Independent Company -Company of Miners -

Company at lTpnor ——

Company at Newfoundland ——

Captain Prince's Company ——

i: s. d.

79,186 16 6|

84,466 14 6f

88,456 3 8i

51,060 11 1

5',893 18 4£

54,73* 12 .3 i

54,881 *9 ni

54,6*0 2 *i

57,0*7 1 4

86,718 0 7-1-

82,350 3 7t

85,436 7 ioi

77,638 12 2

31,460 19 2

8,732 11 5

2i,9'3 16 4l

26,760 17 8

6,325 14 3

6,156 0 4

2,278 18 10

9,600 0 6

5,794 14 9

565 17 0

1,484 6 1

Paid Mr. Vander Esch for the Use of the Dutch, Danish, and Saxon-Go- tha Forces under his Care in England and Flanders, from the Thirty-first of December 1688, the Sum of 2,638,603/. \2s. gid. as by an Account of his Receipts delivered in by his Deputy to the Honour- v able Commissioners will appear; of which Sum there hath been already allowed the Accountant in his Accounts passed the Last of March 1692, the Sum of 148,799/. ioj>\ gid.; and so remains, to be charged, the Sum of -

Paid to the Garisons to clear them to the Last of March 1693, and fori Subsistence, and upon Account of Pay from that time - - -J

Paid to the said Garisons, and to the Guards, in full of their respective! Allowances for Fire and Candle, to the Last of March 1698 - -J

73,875

18,773

Paid to the Five French Regiments following, lately disbanded. Lord Gallway's Horse ——

Marquis, de Mhremont's Dragoons - -

Major GeneraF La Melonier's Foot - -

Lord Lifford's Foot ——

Brigadier Bellcastle's Foot

particular Account

manded by the Count De Frize -

To the King of Sweden -

To the Duke of Savoy -

To the Elector of Brandenburg

To the Elector of Saxony -

To the Elector of Hanover, and Duke of Zell

To the Duke of Wolfembottle *-

To the Duke of Holsteyn -

To the Landgrave of Hesse -

To the Bishop of Munster -

To the Elector of Treves -

To the Elector of Cologne ——

To Monsieur Schuylenburg for the Saxon Gotha Troops, over and a! what paid to them by Mr. Vander Esch, and charged to his particular Account - - - -

Paid to several Regiments of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, of English, Dutch, Danes, French, and Hanovers, as Levy-money, to raise Recruits, and buy Horses, to augment their Troops, and supply the Room of those lost and taken by the French - -

Paid to Messieurs Machado and Perreira for Bread, Bread-waggons/ and Forage, for the Use of the Forces in Flanders -VOL.13.

- 277,543 11 4

- 52,265 0 8

- 94,820 10 4

10 8

- 94,744 8 6

3, 48,223 3 6

;j 41,900 0 0

viz.

0 ©

-434,797 17 5

- 72,984 ' 6 0

- 49.986 10 4

- 480,575 9 4

- 99,464 2 10

- 19,515 9 0

4 m

6

- 2,77614 0

- 2,019 8 6

} 6,192 0 0

Earl of

Rt*nelagh'6

Accounts.

6,843,543 5

d.

1,789,804 ‘2 Oi

o 104.

6 3

52,648 16 14

614,202

414,012 3 11

90,123 3 0

1,331,812 0 10|

126,021 14 o

432,579 *4 3 Paid

L —

tmrl of Rauelagh'i Accouuu.

43^ $6°

Paid to several others for Forage, Supplied by them to the said Forces

in Flanders; viz.

To Mr. Heycoup -

To Messieurs Zegar and Goris , - -

To Messieurs Morreau and Davit* -

To Mr. Vander Kaa - -

To Messieurs Ferriseau and Paugard

To Messieurs Castaigne and Vander Kaa - - - ‘

To Mr. Creinest - -

I. s. d.

68,300 18 «T

27,193 15 6

3,500 0 0

3,000 0 0

23,917 9 8

12,420 6 0

8,576 0 6

Paid to the Commissioners of Transports and others, for Provisions, and!

other Services, relating to the Transportation of the Forces - -J Paid to several for* the Use of the Hospitals in Flanders -Paid to several Apothecaries, for Medicines furnished for the Use of the!

Forces in Flanders - - - - . - -J

Paid to several, for Discounting of Tallies, and Bank Bills, and Interest!

and Charges on Protested Bills -.....-J

Paid to several in Flanders, for Interest of Money borrowed, Charges! on Protested Bills, and Discount of several Bills remitted at Terms,

Interest, &c. - - -.....J

Paid tq the Bank of England for Losses sustained by them on the Ex-1 change of their Remittances to Flanders by Warrant -J

Paid to Sir John and Francis Eyles, and others; the like ... Paid to several, for Loss on Exchange for Money paid in Flanders, the' Accountant's Deputy there having paid more Guilders to the Forces for a Pound Sterling, than he received, either by Remittance or Draughts, being directed so to do by Warrant -Out of which to be deducted for what he gave Credit for the King's' Profit, on the said Exchange, at other times -

Remains to be charged....

Paid to the Exchequer, for Fees payable there, upon the Money im-' prested to the Accountant within the time of this Account, which he charges here, by reason no Poundage has been deducted, to answer

the same ----- ....

Paid into the Exchequer, in clipped Money, and old Exchequer Bills,* to be cancelled -

Paid to several in England, for sundry Contingencies relating to the* Forces, pursuant to Warrants ——

Paid to several in Flanders by the Accountant's Deputy there, for Sundry Contingencies relating to the Forces, pursuant to- Warrants in the Years 1692, 93, 94, 95* 96>.97, and 1698 -

Paid* to several for the Train of Artillery, in Flanders -Paid to several English and French Pensioners, according to their several!

Lists and Warrants, signed by his Majesty -j

Paid to the Invalids lodged at Windsor, Chester, Tinmouth and Hampton-! Court, and to several Persons, according to their respective Allow- !> ances on the Establishment, charged not in any former Article - -J Paid to thte Royal Hospital near Chelsea, by several weekly Payments/ directed for their necessary Subsistence, which were to be repaid out of the Poundage, when deducted; the said Poundage being the settled Fund of their Support: But, in regard the Poundage for the \ time of this Account is very near all sunk, for lessening the Arrear ( due to the Forces, the said Sums so directed are here charged, amounting in all to - - -J

Paid to the disbanded Officers established at Half-pay, and to several^ other reformed Officers, according to their respective Allowances Paid to the Sieur Schuylenburgh, for several Sums advanced by him, for sundry Services relating to die Forces -Paid to General Officers, Majors of Brigade, and to several Regiments! of Foot, to enable them to buy their respective Allowances of Forage, I to the Winter Quarters 1694-5 ----- - -J

75,000 o o 23,50819 3

133,28010 2

23,134 n 2

-1

-} -

1701*

146,908 9 g,. 86,005 13

lS8;022 14 2

19,312 2 4 . 84,440 1 o|

21,333 9 2* 88,508 19 3

110,145 19 0 66,134 8 2*

42,975 O 0 170,478 4 0

104,209 13 2

10,946 13 ij 57,210 19 0

29,831 17 7* 19,950 0 0 27,64518 si

"1,977 18 4*

58,53311 2*

Total Discharge Balance due to the Accountant

13,589,312 0 64. 60,098 10 o|

13,523,213 10 5i

Memorandum: The Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds a Year, out of the Poundage, is allowed by his Majesty's Warrants, for the Support of the Royal Hospital, near Chelsea, from the First of April 1692, when this Account commences, and the stud Hospital is fully cleared their said Allowances for the Seven Years of this Account, amounting in all to Eighty-four thousand Pounds: So that, besides the Nineteen thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds charged in the foregoing Account, the Accountant has further paid, for the Support of the said Hospital, within the time of this Account, the Sum of Sixty-four thousand and Fifty Pounds out of Poundage deducted by him from General Officers, contingent Warrants, &c.: And by the Abstracts of the Accounts of the several English and Scotch Regiments, delivered in, by this Accountant, to the Honourable the Commissioners of Accounts, it will clearly appear, thatthie Poundage due from the said Regiments, within the time of this Account, amounts to very near Four hundred thousand Pounds; which is sunk towards lessening the Arrear due to the said Regiments, for the said time, Ranelagh.

6 The

Public Revenue ind Taxes.

Merioneth

Writ,

tester

Privileges.

13 w, III.

26° Martii.

433

i. il.

The said Account of the Earl of Randagk, beginning the 26th March 1699, and ending the 24th of December

following, inclusive, being Nine Months.

The Charge.

Received at the Exchequer, from the 26 March 1699, to the 24th of December following, in-' cludirfg therein the Sum of 148,201/. 12,?. which is transferred from the Charge of the preceding Account ending the 25th of March 1699, to the Charge of this Account, in regard it was received after that Day, the Sum of ——

From which is deducted what was received at the Exchequer on the 23 of December 1699; the same being ordered, and applied, for Three Weeks Subsistence to the Forces, commencing the 25th of December, and ending the 14th of January 1699; which is not within the time of this Account, and amounts to ——

Earl of

Ranelagh'a

Accounts,

376,303

15

8|

13*620 15 3

Remains - 362,682

And there is further charged by the Accountant in this Account, though not received till Aprif 1700, the Money given by Parliament to discharge the Arrears of the Establishment, commencing the 26 March 1699, to the 24th December following, except the Off-reckonings for that time, which are made payable out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and Half-pay to disbanded Officers, from Michaelmas 1699, amounting to <- -

0 5i

\ 24,000 0 0

Total of the Charge - 386,682 p

The Discharge.

Balance due to the Accountant at the Foot of his preceding Account, ending 25th March 1699 66,098 10 o-f

Payments to the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, on the Establishment, for the time of this! 22g 217 10 8

Account - -.....- - - - - J '

Payments to the Garisons, for Pay, and for Fire and Candle ----- - 15,081 8 61-

Payments to General Staff Officers, and Contingencies - - - - 12,639 14 8£

Payments to disbanded Officers, established at Half-pay, from Michaelmas 1698, to which time the Payments made to them are allowed in the preceding Account, to Michaelmas 1699, gj g 0» and to the Four Companies of Invalids, lodged at Windsor, Chester, Hampton Court, and* 1

Turnout h ——

For several small Payments, according to the Establishment, and to several Persons on the List of small Pensions - - - - x

Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Two late Marine Regiments -Payments to the Commissioners of Transports - -

3,079

10,736

5,929

17

18 17

it

7

Total of the Discharge - 384,545 3 6|

Balance due from the Accountant - 2,136 16 11

Memorandum: Upon disbanding the Five French Regiments, the Accountant was ordered to) send Money into Ireland, in order to their Clearing; Part whereof, being Guineas, to the!

Number 14,231, he received at the Exchequer, at the Rate of Two-and-twenty Shillings each,) 2,846 4 p

and issued the same in Ireland at Six-and-twenty Shillings each; by which means, there was gained Four Shillings in each Guinea, which he here charges himself withal, amounting to J Which being added to the foregoing Sum of 2,136/. 16s. 11 id. the Balance due from the) g Q jj*.

Accountant is - - - - 3

Memorandum also: In the Charge of this Accountant, from the First of April 1692, there is contained the Sum of 221,724/. los. which was received by Orders and Tallies, for Reversions of-Annuities, and, appropriated by Act of Parliament for Payment of the Off-reckonings for Cloathing, for the Year ended the Last of December 1697: Such of the Off-reckonings for that Year, as had not been otherwise paid, have been satisfied out of tfye said Orders and Tallies; and there still remains of them, in the Accountant's Hands, to the Value of 5,017/. 9$. 1 d.; which will more than answer the above Balance of 4,983/. os. 11 id. by the Sum of 34/. 8s. 1 id,1 and may be disposed of in such Manner, as this Honourable House shall think fit to order.

Ranelagk.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Abstract of Accounts of the publick Revenue, Taxes, and Money borrowed, for One Quarter of a Year; to wit, from Michaelmas to Christmas 1700.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Account is in a Book by itself, bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Merioneth, in the room of Hugh Nanny Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the County Palatine of Chester, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the same County, was presented to the

Vo l. 1 3.

House, and read; setting forth, That, of ancient Right, amongst others, the Inhabitants of the said County Palatine ought not to be sued, or impleaded, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity, out of the said County, for any Matters arising the rein, except only for Treason, Error, foreign Plea, and foreign Voucher; in Consideration of which Privileges, confirmed by many Charters, the said Inhabitants have usually paid, and of Right ought to pay, 3,000 Marks, by way of Mize, upon the Change of every Owner of the Earldom of Chester: But of late, the Petitioners said ancient Privileges have been infringed, and violated, to their great Oppression: And pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for maintaining the Privileges of the said Inha-. bitants.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee;

5 S it

434

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

2 <5° Martin

A. 1701.

Partition Sir Edward Seymour reported from the Committee ap* Treaty — pointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, what

Proceedings^ Proceedings are therein, with relation to the Treaty of Journal* Partition, and report the same to the House; That they had searched the Journals of the House of Lords accordingly, and taken Copies thereof; which he reaci in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Luna, io* March 1700.

The House being moved, That a Day may be appointed for taking into Consideration the Treaties now lying before this House; it is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That the said Treaties shall be taken into Consideration on Wednesday -next, at Eleven a Clock in the Forenoon.

Mercurii, 120 Martin

The Order being read, for taking into Consideration the Treaties now lying before this House; the several Translations of Treaties were read, as follow;

1st, The Treaty of defensive Alliance between England and Holland, 3 March 1674.

2. The Renewal of the Treaties between England and the States General of the United Provinces, 17th August

1685,

3. The Renewal of the Treaties of Alliance between England and Holland, 24th August 1689.

4. Ratification of the Treaty of Reswick.

5. Convention between England, Sweden, and Holland, May 1698.

6. Treaty between England, Szvcden, and the States General, in January 4444.

7. Separate Articles between England, Sweden, and Holland.

8. Ratification of the Treaty January 4444.

9. The Ratification of the separate Article.

10. The Ratification of the secret Article.

11. The Kings Declaration.

12. The Dauphin's Declaration.

After which the House came to this Agreement:

That the Lord Chamberlain do humbly move his Majesty, That all Matters, or Papers, any way relating to the Negotiations of the Treaties, be laid before this House.

Veneris, 140 Martin

The Order being read, for taking into further Consideration the Treaties;

The House was acquainted, That Mr. Yard attended with the Papers, as agreed on Yesterday. He was called ir>; and delivered the Papers following, at the Table;

viz.

1st. Copie du plein pouvoir touchant succession de Spaigne, 2d January 44 % 4.

2. A Copy of the King's Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to the said full Powers.

3. A Copy of the Ratification of Partition.

4. A Copy of the King's Ratification of the separate and secret Articles.

5. A Copy of the King's Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to the Treaty of Partition, separate and secret Articles.

These Papers were all read by the Clerk.

Lords Committees appointed to draw up, and state the Fact, as to the Treaty now in Debate, and all Things and Circumstances relating the reunto; and to draw an Address, to be presented to his Majesty thereupon; and report to the House.

Dux Devon', Dominus SeneschalFiscom Weymouth. Dux Bolton, Visconi Longueoille,

Dux Leeds, ' Dominus Willoughby,

March Normanby Dominus Lawar,

Co. Peterborough, Dominus Feri'ars,

Co. Stamford, Dominus Wharton,

Co. Thanel,

Co. Kingston,

Co. Burlington, Co. Shaftesbury, Co. Nottingham, Co. Rochester',

Co. Abington,

Co. Marlborough, Co. Romney,

Co. Oxford,

Dominus Mohuti, Dominus Culpeper, Dominus Lexington, Dominus B&'kly, Dominus Craven, Dominos Guilford, Dominus Godolphin, Dominus Cholmmdly, Dominus Herbert, Dominus Hal fax.

Their Lordships, or any Five of them, to meet Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock, in the Prince's Lodgings, near the House of Peers; and to adjourn as they please.

Sabbati, if Martii.

The Earl of Nottingham reported from the Lords Committees appointed to draw up, q,nd state, the Facts, as to the Treaty now in Debate.

That the Committee had met, and thought it proper to set down such Facts as appeared to them; viz.

1st, That, by the Treaty of Partition, Naples, Sicily, &c. were: to be given to the Dauphin.

2d, That the Emperor was not a Party to the Treaty, though principally concerned.

3. That no Minister of the States General met with the Plenipotentiaries of England and France, as was re-

K* ed by the Powers at the making of the Treaty in don.

4. That there were no Instructions in Writing to our Plenipotentiaries, though the Powers were unlimited; and that, if there were verbal Orders given, yet it appears not to us they were considered in any Council.

5. That the Treaty, when perfected, was not considered in any Council before it was ratified.

6. That it appears, that the Warrant for Ratification was countersigned by one of the Plenipotentiaries.

7. That the Treaty was transacted and signed, and the Great Seal affixed to it, during the Sitting of a Parliament.

Then the House, upon Consideration of the First Head in the said Report, agreed to the same, with the Alteration following; viz.

Instead of " given to," read " put into the Hands of." Then the Second Head was read.

After Debate thereupon, the Question was put, Whether this Paragraph shall stand.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Dissentient',

1. Because it is manifest by the Treaty itself, that the Matter of Fact is true.

2. Because the Emperor, as we conceive, had been the most proper to have been treated with on this Occasion; for it was more prudent and safe to have treated with the Emperor to have restrained the Pretensions of France, than with France to lessen the Dominions of the House of Austria; which, in its full Strength, and in Conjunction with the most considerable Powers of Europe, and with the Expence of more than Sixty Millions Sterling to our Share, was scarce able to withstand the Arms of France.

3dly, But, admitting that the Emperor was not the most proper to be treated with; yet, to prevent the Umbrage which might be taken by uniting too many Dominions under one Prince, especially such a Prince, as, without any Additions, was formidable to all Europe; yet, of all others, the Emperor was the most improper to be left out of such a Treaty; for he was most concerned in it; and our Ministers could not, or at least did not, sufficiently support his Interests, or the just Balance of Europe: But, on the contrary, as we are informed by One Lord, who signed this Treaty, it was concluded against the express Desire of the Emperor.

De Longueoille, Normanby,

Granville, Abingdon, Tef ‘

Thahett, He refold, Weymouth,

Leeds, Nottingham, Howard, Scarsdale, Guilford,

t3 W. III.

W MartiL

Guilford, Poulet, Craven,

Tho. Rojffcn.

3 Head. That no Minister of the States General met with the Plenipotentiaries of England and France, as were required by the Powers at the making the Treaty

in London.

After Debate, the Question was put, Whether this Paragraph shall stand.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Dissentient',

1st, Because the Truth of this Proposition is Reason enough for asserting it; and it must certainly be of fatal Consequence, if Ministers, without any Directions by Instructions in Writing, shall presume to act contrary to the very Commission that impowers them: And, in this Case, the Assistance of the Dutch Minister was the more necessary, because the Emperor was no Party to this Treaty; and the States General are more immediately concerned than we are, to promote his Interests.

2dly, Because, if this Treaty was concerted wit h the Dutch Ministers in 1699, before his Majesty's Return into England, as was asserted by One of the Lords who signed it afterwards in London; then,

1st, This Treaty was made by those who had no i\u-thority to transact it; for the Power was not granted by his Majesty till the Second of January following.

2dly, As they acted without Power, so without Instructions too in Writing; which never was practised iin any former Transaction abroad.

Lastly, We conceive, That neither of the foregoing Facts ought, in Reason, according to the Method oJ Parliament, to be ordered to be omitted; because, till the Committee had formed the Address, pursuant to the Or* der, it was impossible to know what Use should be made of those Facts; for as they might have been improperly applied, and then would have been justly rejected, so there might have been so great Use made of them, and so opposite to the Design of the House in the intended Address, that it will be improper to omit them.

Leeds, Thanett, Granville,

Howard, Craven, Normanby,

Weymouth, Nottingham, Jeffries,

Abingdon, Hereford, De Longueville,

Tho. Roffen.

After Consideration of the Report made from the Lords Committees appointed to state Matters of Fact upon the Treaty in Debate, and to draw an Address thereupon; it is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Debate in the Fourth Paragraph in the Report, shall be, and is hereby, adjourned till Monday next, at Eleven a Clock; and all the Lords summoned.

Lunoe, 17* MartiL The Order being read, for resuming the adjourned De* bate upon the Fourth Paragraph in the Report from the Committee appointed to state Matters of Fact, and draw an Address to his Majesty upon the Partition Treaty;

Some Lords of the Council, having his Majesty's Leave, were heard relating to the Treaty: And Mr. Secretary Vernon being mentioned;

A Message* was sent to the House of Commons, by Sir John Franldyn, and Sir Lacon William Child, to desire, That they will give Leave to Mr. Secretary Vernon, a Member of their House, to come to a Committee of the Lords now sitting in the Prince's Lodgings, to give an Account of some Matters relating to the Treaty of Partition, which their Lordships have now under their Consideration.

Ordered, That it be the same Committee as stated the Matters of Fact.

After some time, the Messengers sent to the House of Commons returned this Answer:

That the Commons have given Leave to Mr. Secretary Vernon to attend the Committee, as desired, if he thinks fit.

Hereupon the House w*as adjourned during Pleasure: And the Lords went to the Committee: Which being Vo l. 13.

ended, the House was resumed; And the Earl of Nottingham gave the House an Account, That the Lords have been at the Committee, and heard Mr. Secretary Vernon to the Treaty of Partition.

Then, after reading the Fourth Paragraph, or Matter of Fact, reported from the Committee; and Debate thereupon;

The House agreed as follows;

Whatever verbal Orders or Instructions were given, yet it appears not to us, that the Draught of the Treaty, when perfected; was considered at any Council, wheri the King was present, or that it was advised or approved by any Council or Committee of Council.

Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the further Consideration of Matters of Fact, in tire transacting the Partition Treaty, shall be adjourned till Tomorrow at Eleven a Clock.

Martis, 18° MartiL

The House went into Debate, pursuant to the Order Yesterday, concerning the Treaty of Partition: And it being proposed,

That it appears, that there were Powers, dated the First of July, to treat with the Emperor, the Dutch, and French Ministers, for securing the mutual Friendship, upon Terms most suitable to the Circumstances at that Time; and we are informed, That, accordingly, there was some Progress made in that Negotiation; but afterwards there w ere new Pow ers granted, the First of January; to treat with the French and Dutch Ministers only; and the Treaty for the Partition of the Spanish Monarchy was concluded without the Emperor.

And after Debate thereupon;

This Question was put, Whether the said Proposals shall go to the Committee, to be one of the Heads for vthe Address.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Dissentient',

Normanby* Nottingham> Abingdon,

Granville, Weymouth, Guilford.

hen it was further proposed,

That it appears, that the French King's Acceptance of the AVill of the King of Spain is a manifest Violation of the 'Treaty; and humbly to advise' the King, That, in all future Treaties with the French King, his Majesty do proceed with such Caution, as may cany along with it a real Security.

After Debate thereupon;

This Question was put, Whether the said Proposal shall j*o to the said Committee, to be one of tire Heads for the* Address.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient',

1. Because it may be construed to be an Approbation of the Treaty; w'hich, as we conceive, w?as not intended by the House.

2dly, llecause it is impossible to know the full Meaning and Extent of real Security.

Norm anby, Nottingham, Weymouth,

Rochester, Abingdon, Granville>

G uiljm'd, Godolphin.

The Lord Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty in Writing: Which was read by the Lord Keeper; as followed);

William R.

His Majesty having directed Mr. Stanhope, his Envoy Extraordinary anti Plenipotentiary at the Hague, to enter into Negotiations, in Concert with the States General of the United Provinces, and other Potentates, for the mutual Security of England and Holland\ and the Preservation of the Peace of Europe; and the said Mr. Stanhope having transmitted to his Majesty Copies of his Demands, made by himself, ami the Deputies of the States, upon that Subject, to the French Ambassador there; his Majesty has thought fit to communicate the same to the House of Lords; it being his Majesty's gracious Intention

Partition Treaty — Proceedings in Lords Journals.

t6° Martii 1 1701.

Partition Treaty — Proceedings in Lords Journals.

to acquaint ..... from time to time, with the State and Progress of those Negotiations.

Kensington, the 17th March WT*

1st, The Proposal, made to the French Ambassador by Mr. Stanhope, was read.

2d, Translation of the Resolution of the States General for treating with Mr. lJAvaujc, the 22d of March *70*.

Jovis, 20° Martii

The Earl of Nottingham reported from the Lords Committees appointed to state Matters of Fact upon the Treaty of Partition, and to draw an Address thereupon, That the Committee had accordingly drawn an Address, to be presented to his Majesty: Which was read; and, with one Amendment, agreed to, as follows; viz.

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, having read and considered the Treaty *700,

made with the French King, together with the separate and secret Articles which your Majesty hath been pleased to communicate to us, do, with all Humility, represent to your Majesty, That, to our great Sorrow, we find the Matters thereof to have been of very ill Consequence to the Peace and Safety of Europe: For, besides the Occasion it may have given to the late King of Spain to have made his Will in Favour of the Duke of Anjou, if this Treaty had taken Effect, the Prejudice to your Majesty and your Subjects, and indeed to all Europe, by the Addition of Sicily, Naples, several Ports in the Mediterranean, the Province of Guypuscoa, and the Duchy of Lorraine, had been not only very great, but contrary to the Pretence of the Treaty itself; w'hich was, to prevent any Umbrage which might betaken, by uniting too many States and Dominions under one Head.

And, by all the Informations we have yet had of the Progress of this fatal Treaty, we cannot find, that the verbal Orders and Instructions, if any were given to your Majesty's Plenipotentiaries, were ever considered in any of your Majesty's Councils; or that the Draught of this Treaty was ever laid before your Majesty at any Meeting of your Council; much less, that it was advised or approved by any Council, or Committee of Council.

We therefore think ourselves obliged, in Duty to your Majesty, and Justice to our Country, most humbly to beseech your Majesty, that, for the future, your Majesty will be pleased to require and admit, in all Matters of Importance, the Advice of your natural-born Subjects, whose known Probity and Fortunes may give your Majesty, and your People, a just Assurance of their Fidelity in your Service; and, in order hereunto, to constitute a Council of such Persons, to whom your Majesty may be pleased to impart all Affairs, both at home and abroad, which may any way concern your Majesty, and your Dominions: For, as Interest, and natural Affection to their Country, will incline them to wish the Welfare *md Pros-. perity of it much more than others, who have not such Ties upon them; and as their Experience and Knowlege of their Country will also render them more capable, than Strangers, of advising your Majesty in the true Interests of it; so we are very confident, that, after such large and repeated Demonstrations of your Subjects Duty and Assetion, your Majesty cannot doubt of thei^ Zeal in your Service, nor w'ant the Knowledge of Persons fit to be employed in all your most secret and arduous Affairs.

And since it appears, That the French King's accepting of the King of Spains Will is a manifest Violation of this Treaty; we humbly advise your Majesty, in future Treaties with the French King, to proceed with such Caution, as may carry along with it a real Security.

It being proposed to send to the House of Commons for their Concurrence to the said Address;

And Debate thereupon;

The Question was put, Whether this Address shall be communicated to the House of Commons for their Concurrence.

It was resolved in the Negative.

Dissentient',

Rochester, JV. Oxon, Devonshire.

1st, Because we conceive, That the last Clause in the Address does necessarily imply a War, and That a very long one, by reason of the Extent, unintelligible, at least to us, of real Security, and the great improbability of obtaining any Terms of that Kind: And since this necessarily implies great Supplies, which cannot be granted without the House of Commons, we think their Concurrence in this Address absolutely necessary; and that'tis very improper for us to desire That of the King, which, for want of such Concurrence of the Commons, we conceive his Majesty will not think fit or prudent to grant.

2dly, We conceive all the other Parts of the Address very fit to be communicated to the House of Commons; for upon the Success of it depends the future Happiness of this Nation: And as we cannot doubt of the Readiness of the Commons to join in any proper Measures towards it; so we think their Concurrence in it vill highly contribute towards the obtaining a gracious Answer from his Majesty: And we cannot but think it reasonable, that the Advice of the whole Nation, assembled in Parliament, should be made know n to his Majesty upon this Occasion.

3dly, Having desired the House of Commons to permit Mr. Secretary Vernony a Member of their House, to come to a Committee of Lords, to inform them of some Matters relating to this Treaty; we apprehend, that the House of Commons may think it extraordinary, and not suitable to the good Correspondence which is highly necessary between the Two Houses, not to acquaint them with the Things which had come to our Knowlege, partly by the Information of their own Member.

4thly, And having been otherwise informed of some Transactions, relating to this Treaty, between the Earl of Portland and Mr. Secretary Vernon, by Letters, of which we have not had a full Account; we think it may be very useful to the Publick to communicate this Address to the Commons, who have better Opportunity, than we have had, of inquiring into this Matter; which seems to be yet in the Dark; and which their own- Members may help to explain to them.

Leeds, Normanby, De Longueville,

Nottingham, Bath, Weymouth,

Granville, Abingdon, Jeffries,

Craven, Guilford, Hunsden,

Thanet, Willoughby, N. Durtsme,

Kent, Scarsdale, Tho. Rojftii,

H. London, Carnarvon, Poulett.

Ordered, That the whole House do attend his Majesty with the Address.

Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lords with White Staves do attend his Majesty, humbly to know what time his, Majesty will be pleased to appoint for this House to attend him with the Address.

Martis, 250 Martii.

The Lord Keeper reported his Majesty^ Answer to the said Address:

My Lords,

This Address contains Matters of very great Moment:

I will always take care, That all Treaties 1 make, shall be for the Honour and Safety of England.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House do Members attend the Service of this House upon Saturday Morning summon^, next, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Jef- Persons fries, and Mr. Perks, touching whom the House did absconded Yesterday resolve upon an Address to be made to big

tla - surrender.

Majesty,

13 W.III.

26° — 27" Martii.

437

her

rsons

soond;

iddress for ‘roclama-

Privilege of . 1 Member in 1 Suit.

Majesty for the issuing his Royal Proclamation for the Apprehending of them, have surrendered themselves to the Serjeant.

Ordered, That the Names of the said Mr. Jeffries and Mr. Perks be left out of the said Proclamation.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give an Account of what he had done in Execution of the Orders of the House, for the Taking of Mr. William Adye and Mr. William Clifton; he acquainted the House, That his Messengers had been at the said Mr. Adye s and Mr. Clifton s Houses, and searched for them; and that, at Mr. Adye s House, the Messenger was informed, That the said Mr. Adye had not been at home for Ten Days; and could have no Account where he was; and that, at the said Mr. Clifton's, the Messenger was informed, That the said Mr. Clifton was gone into Holland; so that neither of them can be apprehended.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to issue his Royal Proclamation for the apprehending the said Mr. William Adye and Mr. William Clifton; promising a Reward for the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Weld attending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of Sir Paid Pindar Baronet, presented to the House Yesterday, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Father and Mother died about Eleven Years since, leaving the Petitioner, an Infant of about Nine Years of Age, a real Estate of 1,200 /. per Annum, and a very considerable personal Estate, which the said Mr. Weld has managed and received as the Petitioners Guardian: That the Petitioner is advised to call his Guardian to an Account; who, being a Member, has declared he will not insist upon his Privilege: And praying, That the House will give Leave for the Petitioner to proceed against the said Mr. Weld, to call him to an Account for what he has received as the Petitioner's Guardian.

To which the said Mr. Weld being heard, declared he did not insist upon his Privilege.

Estimates for fortifying Harbours Dock-yards.

Ordered, That an Abstract of the Estimates for securing . _ his Majesty's Harbours and Dock-yards at Chatham, D^ck-yard^ Portsmouth and Plymouth; and the Estimates and Plans for that Purpose; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty: And that the Engineers, and Officers of the Ordnance, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the

Morning, Nine

House adjourned a Clock.

till Tomorrow

Ashford

Workhouse.

Workhous

ises.

Jovis, 27° die Martii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

f\ RDERED, That Sir Thomas Hales be added to the Members who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for erecting an Hospital and Work-house at Ashford in the County of Kent, for the better Employing and Maintenance of the Poor.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor of the said Town daily increase, to the great Charge of the Inhabitants: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a Stock, and erecting Work-houses within the said Town, for employing the Poor thereof Vol. IS.

Oi'deredThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierpoint and Mr. Gregory do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Grants from House an Account of all Grants made between the 6th the Crown. Day of February 1684, and the 5th Day of November 1688.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

May 1695.

A Grant to John South Esquire, of the Messuages and Lands of Richard Nelthorp, outlawed for High Treason,

Com' Nottingham; habem during the Life of the said Nelthorp.

June 1685.

A Grant to Henry Hillyard Esquire, and his Heirs, of the derelict Lands, called the Fittys, between the Lordship of Marshchappell and Northcotes, and the Sea, Coni Lincolne, at the yearly Rent of 5/.

A Grant to Queen Dowager of 6,000l. per Annum, out of the Exchequer, for her Life.

A Lease to the Mayor and Burgesses of Newcastle, of the old Castle there, for 31 Years, after a Lease to the Earl of Macclesfield; rendering 100 Chaldrons of Coals, yearly, to the Hospital at Chelsea.

July 1695.

A Grant to Henry Fitz-James Esquire, of a yearly Rent-charge of 1,0001 out of Lands in Ireland, during his Life.

The like to James Fitz-James Esquire, during his Life.

August 1685.

A Grant to William Ellesden, his Wife, and Four Children, during their Lives, of an Annuity of 100 /. per Annum, out of the Customs at Lyme.

A Grant to the Earl of Rochester, et aV during the Life of Mary Queen Consort, in Trust for her, of the Manor of East-Greenwich, the House and Parks in Kent, the Manor of Eye in Suffolk, and the Manors and Lands which 31° Car. 2di, had been granted to Trustees for the Earl of Plymouth, the Manor of Greenwich, except such Part as is granted to the Hospital, and other Estates, to the Value of about 5,0001, per Annum.

Another Grant to the same Trustees, during the Life of the said Queen Mary, in Trust for her, of several Manors and Lands, and 9,528 /. 13 s. and 7 d. per Annum, out of the Post Office, and 8,000 /. per Annum, out of the Excise; which were settled by the King, when Duke of York, for her Jointure; and 10,000l. per Annum, more, out of the Excise; and 10,000l. per Annum, more, out of the Post Office.

October 1685.

A Grant to the then Queen Consort, of 10,000l. per Annum, more, for her Life, out of the Exchequer.

November 1685.

A Grant to Annas Hext, and his Wife, of 100l. per Annum each, out of the Customs, for their respective Lives: This, upon Surrender of 200 /. per Annum granted by King Charles the 2d, to the Wife of Hext, for Life.

A Grant to Hugh Noden, of Lands in Bermudas, forfeited to King Charles the 2d, by Row, Holland, and Danvers.

A Grant of St. James % House to the Consort of the late King James during Life.

January 1685.

A Grant to the Duchess of Bucclugh, of More-Park, with the Appurtenances, in Coni Hertford, forfeited by the Attainder of the Duke of Monmouth.

March 1685.

A Grant to the Countess of Dorchester, of certain Quit-rents in Ireland, to the Value of 5,000l. per Annum, for her Life; rendering 1,500l. per Annum Rent in Ireland.

5 T May

Grants from the Crown.

438 17° Mar Hi, A. 1701.

May 1686.

A Graht to the Lord Cornbury and Cha. JBbylff Esquire, of Petersham Lodge, Com Surry, computed at 46 /. per Annum.

July! 686.

A Grant unto Nicholas Yates, and his Heirs, of 100l. per Annum, oilt of tfrd Exchequer.

October i6#6.

A Grant to Sir Richard Allibon, of Two Annuities of 40/. per Annum, each, granted to Richard and Robert Pet re, for their Lives, and forfeited to his Majesty.

November 1686.

A Grapt Confirmation to Philip Walgrhve Esquire, and his Heirs, Of Lang&nhoe Matioi*, Coni Essex, with the Oyster Fishings there, at 6 s. 8 d. per Annum Rent.

December 16S6.

A Grant unto Littkton Powell, of the Fines payable in the King's Bench, for 31 Years, from Michaelmas 1684, at 13 /. 6 s. 8 d. per Annum Rent.

A Grant to the Duke of Richmond and Lenox, of 5,0001 per Annum, during Life.

A Grant to Colonel Fairfax, and his Heirs, of 100 /. per Annum, out of the Customs of the Port of Kingston upon Hull, in lieu of a like Grant by King Charles the 2d, which became void.

January 1686.

A Grant to the Earl of Rochester, and his Heirs, of the Lordship and Manor of Chivington, in the County of Northumberland and Durham, late the Possession of Ford Lord Grey.

A Grant to the said Earl of 4,000 /. per Annum, out of the Post Office, for 99 Years, if he, and Henry Viscount Hyde, his eldest Son, shall so long live.

A Grant to Edward Jennings, and his Heirs, of Sir Robert Peyton's House in Little Lincoln s-Inn Fields, forfeited for Treason, at 6$. 8 d. per Annum Rent.

A Grant to Sir Rich. AUibdnc, and his Heirs, of several Lands and Possessions, late Sir Robert Pej/toris, lying in East Barnet, and Tryern Barnet, Coni Hertford and Middlesex.

A Grant to John Lord Churchill, and his Heirs, of the real and personal Estate of John Hucker, late of Taunton, forfeited for Treason, at 6 s. 8 d. per Annum.

February 1686.

A Grant to Hemy DawneywaA James Ranisden, and their Heirs, of the Manor of Coppingthorp, Coni York, formerly the Possession of Sir Mich. Lives, and Augustine Garland, forfeited for Treason.

March 1686.

A Grant to Francis Lord Carrington, and Wm. Brent Esquire, in Fee, of Fourteen Messuages in Queen-street, late the Possession of Wm. Harcourt, alias Harrison, executed for Treason.

A Confirmation of a Grant of 100l. per Annum, out of the Exchequer, to Nicholas TetterseU, for the Residue of 99 Years, if Nicholas Tettersell his Son, and Susanna Goring his Daughter, shall so long live.

April 1687.

A Grant, in Fee, to Sir Theophilus Oglethorpe, of the real and personal Estate of Regihald Tucker, late of Long Sutton, Coni' Somerset, forfeited for Treason.

May 1687.

A Grant urfto Francis Plowden, and his Heirs, of the Site of the late dissolved Monastery of Furneis, and other Hereditaments, 'Com' Lancaster, late the Possession of Sir Tho. Preston, subject to several Rents and Duties.

July 1687.

A Grant to Thomas ArundeU, and his Heirs, of High-woodFarm, with its Appurtenances, Com Southampton, late the Possession of John Ayliffe, outlawed for Treason, at 6$. 8 d. per Annum Rent.

August 1687.

A Grant to LCwis Earl of Feversham, and his Heirs, of a Moiety of the Manor of Moiles-Court, Coni Southampton, and all other the Estates real and personal,

either of Alice Lisle Widow, or John Lisle her Husband, both attainted for High Treason.

November 1687.

A Grant to James Gratime Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the Rangership of Bag shot Park, Coni Sumy, with the Lodge, Costey-war-ren, Woods, and other Advantages there, and a Salary of 51. 6 s. 8 d. per Annum, payable at the Exchequer.

December 1687.

A Grant to Thontas Robsoft, of the Lamb-Lift, in the Parish of St. Clement's-Danes, Com Middlesex, and att other the Lands and Tenements found by Inquisition to be the Estate of Bevis Lloyd in the said County, who war indebted to his Majesty.

February 1687.

A Grant unto Richard BeaUvtiir, of all the Mtfhbrs, Lands, Goods, and Chattels, accrued to the King by the Outlawry of Sir Robert Viner for Debt, alt the Suit of Wm. Edwards Esquire.

March 1687.

A Grant unto Laurence Earl of Rochester, and Henry Viscount Hyde, his eldest Son, for their Lives, successively, of the Office of Keeper of Richmond Park, Coin' Surry, with the Herbage and Pannage thereof, and other Privileges and Advantages thereto belonging.

A Grant unto Bryan Aytiff'c, of Three Messuages in the Old Bailey, late the Estate of Sir Robert Peyton, outlawed for Treason, in Consideration of 100l. paid into the Exchequer.

A Grant unto Edward Freke, et aV, of the forfeited Estate of Matthew Bragg, Com Devon, attainted of Treason, for the Use of the Wife and Children of the said Bragg.

A Grant unto Anne Duchess of Bucclugh, of a Piece of Ground, with a Capital Messuage thereon, in Soho-square, for 52 Years, to commence from Michaelmas 1734, at 20 s. per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto Richard Allibonc, of several Parcels of Land in Hadleigh and Laham, Coni Suffolk, Thirteen Messuages in the Parish of Christ-Church, Surry, and all other Tenements within the Manor of Paris Garden, Com' Surry, Parcel of the Possession of Sir Robert Peyton, outlawed for Treason.

May 1688.

A Grant unto George Lord Jeffries, of the Estate of Dudley Rouse Esquire, extended for Satisfaction of Monies unaccounted for to his Majesty, being found to die seised of the Manor of Bmdenells, and other Lands, Com' Bucks.

June 1688.

A Grant unto Nathanael Hornby of all the personal Estate belonging to John Wildman, by virtue of any Grant or Demise made by the late Duke of Bucks, forfeited to his Majesty by the Outlawry of the said Wildman.

A Grant unto Sir John Coell, and his Assigns, in Trust for the Lord Dover, for 200l. paid into the Exchequer, of Two Closes called Brookfield, Parcel of the Bailiwick or Manor of St. James's.

July 1688*

A Grant unto Geo. Scott, and his Heirs, of certain Lands in Essex, late the Estate of Wm. Tonkin, attainted of High Treason: This ..... Consideration of 200l. paid into the Exchequer.

A Grant unto Sidney Lord Godolphin, of the Keeper-ship of Cranbume Chace, the Lodge and Woods there, and of the Offices of Steward and Bailiff of the Manor and Lands late the Possession of the Lord Sands, Com' Berks, for 31 Years from the Date.

A Grant unto'Sir Edward Herbert, of the House and Park of Oat lands, Corn Surry, for 67 Years, from the Determination of a Term in being, at 20 s. Rent

A Grant to Francis Plumley, and others, of all the forfeited Estate, real and personas of William Plumley, attainted of Treason.

5 A Grant

13 W. HI. if Marta.

439*

A Grant to William Whitman^ and his Heirs, of the

ri kfv l — JJA/ai «r»/t Hft iwvt K 1 ffi A r>

XtluE cr l HiC nr xltProrfy iiluliuT cuui x uiut, ttiui its Ap

purtenanoes, Caw' Hertford* late the Possession of Robert Wallop, attainted of High Treason.

August loSS-A Grant to'Lieutenant Colonel John Jiape, and otfaers, of the Estate, real and personal, of several Persons in a List named, who were attainted of Treason, in Trust to dispose of the same to such Us® as the King, or the Lords of the Treasury, shall direct.

A Grant to Thomas Earl of Aylesbury, of a Debt of 25j475^ 12$. n d. owing to his Majesty from John WMo and Partners; and all the Estate of the said Waldo and Partners liable to be extended far the same. September 1688.

A Grant unto Sir Theophilus Oglethorpe, of the Manor of Henton Magna, with its Appurtenances, Comitate Hunt\ Parcel of the Possession of Valentine Walton, attainted of Treason; habend' for 21 Years, at 200i per Annum Rent

October 1688.

A Grant and Demise to John Lord North and Grey, Grants from and Catharine his Wife, of certain derelict Lands in the the Crown. County of Kent and Essex, far 71 Years from the Date, rendering a Third Part of the Profits.

November 1688.

A Gffaut to Sir Peter Paneoaciti, of the Navy Office in Seething Lane, for 99 Years, at a Pepper-corn Rent:

This, fa Consideration erf 8,500/, paid into the Exche-

1uer- Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

Mr. BkUimaite, according to Order, presented to the Army . House an Account of the Vacancies in the Army; and Vacancies* how they have been filled up since the 25th Day of December 1699.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as falloweth;

The Eati of Jersey, Secretary of State.

Regiments.

Vacancies.

How supplied.

Royal Regiment of Fusileers Oxford Horse

Fox Foot

Ditto -

Selwin s Foot -

First Regiment of Foot Guards Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto -

Third Troop of Horse Guards

Ditto -

Macclesfield'* Horse Raby's Dragoons

Captain Seaton deceased -Cornet Fielding, made Captain upon tht Surrender of Cap-taiq Cornwall Major Musgrave, deceased

Captain Booth, deceased

Captain Fairborn, surrendered

Captain Lieutenant Strode, deceased -Captain Johnson, deceased Sir John Delavall, Captain, surrendered

Lieutenant Gripigny, surrendered -A Second Lieutenant added to the King's Company -Brigadier Bew, dismissed

Exempt Monger, deceased Cornet John Harrison, deceased Lieutenant Baxter, deceased

By Captain John Bickerstaffe, upon Half-pay in Selwyn's Regiment, 8* January 1700.

By William Bray, 8® March.

By Robert Collingwood, Captain in the same Regiment, 18° March; and his Company by Lieutenant Richard Oxenden, in the same Regiment, 28° March.

By Geo. Harrison, late Lieutenant in Holt's Regiment, in Half-pay; made Lieutenant in Fox's Regiment, and afterwards Captain, in the room of Booth, 2d April.

By Robert Gardner, Lieutenant in the same Regiment, 22d March; and his Commission given to Robert Wansborough, Ensign upon Half-pay in the same Regiment, 22d March.

By Captain Henry Wortley, on Half-pay in Row's Regiment, 2d February.

By Tho. Stringer, Major in Sir M. Bridge's Regiment, 22 April

By Geo. Etheridge, Lieutenant and Quarter-master in the same Regiment, i3Juue; and his Lieutenant's Commission given to Newce Jenkins, 13 June; and his Quarter-master's Commission to John Bibby, 13 June.

By Henry Brown, 13 June.

By Henry Smith, Ensign in the same Regiment, 13.June; and his Commission given to Robert Rich, 10th June.

By Raymond Hensberg, Sub Brigadier in the same Troop, 6 May; and his Commission given to Henry Miget, private Gentleman of the same Troop, 6 May.

By Francis Darcy Savage, Sub Brigadier of the same Troop, the 6 May.

By Geo. Harrison, 27 May.

By John Richardson, late Lieutenant of the same Regiment, upon Half-pay, 21 June.

James Vernon, Esquire, Secretary of State.

Regiments. Vacancies. How supplied.

Oxford Horse Ditto 'Arran -Horse * Captain Cornwall, surrendered Captain Millington, surrendered - Captain Lieutenant { Bristo, deceased -. By Geo. Fielding Comet in the same Regiment, 17 January 1700. By Francis Byng, Cornet in the same Regiment, the 5th December 1700; and his Commission given to Martin Temple, private Gentleman in the same Regiment, 5 December. By Walter Brudenell, Lieutenant in the same Regiment, 25 March; and his Commission given to Comet Leeds, of the same Regiment, 2.5 March; and his Commission given to Daniel Crispin, late Adjutant to the same Regiment, 25 March.

V 0»L. 13. ' Churchill's

44©

37* Martii.

Regiments.

Churchills Foot

Ditto -

Trelawny's Foot

Ditto -

Lumlye's Horse

First Regiment of Foot Guards Ditto -

Ditto

Royal Regiment of Fusileers First Troop of Horse Guards

Ditto

Coldstream Regiment of Guards.

The Company of Foot in Newfoundland - Ditto -

Ditto -

A. 1701

Vacancies.

Ensign Ascogh, deceased Captain Gough, deceased Major Caryll, deceased Lieutenant Bland, deceased Cornet Norris, deceased Captain George VII-lers, surrendered -Lieutenant Cage, surrendered Lieutenant Villeneuf, deceased

Adjutant Lowe, dismissed Lieutenant Staples, surrendered

Comet Morgan, surrendered

Captain Clint, deceased

A Captain added there, none before -Lieutenant Lilborne, dismissed Ensign Haven, dismissed

How supplied.

By Tho. Pope, late Adjutant in the same Regiment, 15 January.

By Joshua Churchill, late Captain in the same Regiment, upon Half-pay, 19th December.

By Sidney Godolphin, formerly Lieutenant Colonel to Sir Bevil Granville; 17 April.

By Leonard Fish, late lieutenant in the same Regiment, in Halfpay, 19 April.

By John Usher, late Comet in Leigh's Dragoons, in Half-pay, 24 June.

By William Bretton, Lieutenant in the same Regiment, 3d July;

and his Commission given to Philip Dormer, 2d July.

By William Wilks, 3d July.

By William West, Ensign in the same Regiment, 25 October; and his Commission given to Tho. Brown, late Lieutenant in Mordant's Regiment in Half-pay, 25 October.

By Gervas Parker, late Lieutenant in the same Regiment, in Halfpay, 17 November.

By Sharrington Davenport, Major Windham's Regiment, 3 December; and his Commission given to Philip Chenevix, Exempt to the First TroopofGuards, 3 December; and his Commission given to Arthur Appsley, Brigadier of the same Troop, 30 January 1700-1; and his Commission given to Charles Dilks, Sub Brigadier of the same Troop, 30 January; and his Commission given to John Bornes, private Gentleman of the same Troop, 30 January.

By Lord Lovelace, Guidon in the same Troop, the 3d December; and his Commission given to Robert Dormer, Cornet in Windham's Regiment, 3 December,

By John Hobart, late Lieutenant Colonel in Brudenell's Regiment, in Half-pay, 30 January.

By John Powell, late Captain in the Duke of Bolton's Regiment, in Half-pay, 27 February.

By Samuel Francis, late Ensign in Brudenell's Regiment, in Halfpay, 10 March.

Supplied as Second Lieutenant, by Thomas Lloyd, late Ensign in - 1 . Brudenell's Regiment, in Half-pay, 16 March.

f&J&l

Jm

Sir James Hedges, Secretary of State.

Regiments. Vacancies. How supplied.

First Troop of Horse Guards Windham's Carbineers First Regiment of Foot Guards. Sub Brigadier Satch-field, deceased Cornet Dormer, made Guidon of the First TroopofGuards -Ensign Goff, deceased By Edmund Wright, private Gentleman in the same Troop, the 14th of November. By Francis Godfrey, formerly an Officer in Colonel Godfrey's Regiment, 14 December. By Henry Killigrew, late Lieutenant in Brudenell's Regiment in Half-pay, 26 December.

Norwich Small Debts.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and chief Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, and County of the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it is found by Experience, that the erecting a Court of Conscience in the City of London, for determining all Matters of Debts or Actions, under the Value of 40 s. hath been of great Advantage to the poorer Sort of Inhabitants thereof: That the City of Norwich is very populous; and many poor Inhabitants therein, for want of the like good Establishment there, are often prosecuted in vexatious Suits, and imprisoned for small Debts; the Charges whereof, many times, amount to more than the Debt; whereby whole Families are ruined, the Gaols filled with miserable Debtors, and the Parish Charges increased for their Support: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing 41 Court of Conscience at Norwich, as it is in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blqfield, Sir Jacob Ashley, and Sir Samuel -

chston, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Jane Dring, an Infant, Proprietor of New Way all the Houses adjoining on the South Side of the new Lincoln's-Street or Way out of Chancery-lane to nn' le

Fields, on behalf of herself and Tenants, by Thomas Burdikin her Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act made the last Session of Parliament, for making the said new Way; and making Satisfaction to Shem Bridges, and John nicroft Esquires, and others, Proprietors of the Ground and Houses upon and near the said new Way, as should be damnified, the old Passage, called was vested in Cavendish IVeedon, and others, to be sold; and also 3,000l. was to be raised for that Purpose, as by the said Act is directed: That the Petitioner hath expended, in making good the Walls and Repairs of her Houses, damaged by making the said new Way, 348/. besides other considerable Damages thereby; for Satisfaction whereof, the Petitioner have applied to Mr. Weeden, and other the Trustees, who allege, That the Provision made by the said Act will not be more than sufficient to make Satisfaction to Mr. Bridges and Mr. Thormcroft: And praying, That Satisfaction may be made to the Petitioner for the said Damage by her sus- t tained, by reason of the said new Way.\

Sic Orig. Ordered,

I.

13w.n1.

2 70 Martii.

44i

7-

ipoo

levil

talf-

24

d

or-

ill'-

er;

r>t

ne,

s, '

r;

d-

it,

it,

f-

in

e

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Cavendish Weeden Esquire is referred.

Resumption A Petition of Hugh Merchant and Huntley Bigg Giant*. Gentlemen, was presented -to the House, and read;

1 . setting fortJ), That his Majesty, by Letters Patents, of the

8th of March, in the 6th Year of his Reign, did grant to . the Petitioners and others, the Common Sewers Water in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for driving Overshot Mills, for serving several Places of the Town with Thames Water; and by other Letters Patents, dated the 22d of -May, in the Eighth Year of his Reign, did, for promoting so good and publick a Work, grant Licence to the Petitioners to build upon their own Ground, several Overshot Mills, and Water-works, and to lay Pipes in the Streets, and supply the Inhabitants with.Water at reasonable Rates: That the Petitioners have been at great Charges in completing the said Undertaking; and hitherto have had but little or no Recompence for the same: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for Resumption of Grants, for saving the Petitioners Rights in the said Grants.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill is committed.

Davison'* A Petition of Alexander Davison, Den ison,

feute. Charles Davison, and Margaret on behalf of

themselves, and of William, Joseph, and James Davison, their Brothers under the Age of 21 Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Wi Davison Esquire, the Petitioners Father, having Issue Ralph his eldest Son, besides the Petitioners, in June i68y, made his Will; and devised 400l. apiece to the Petitioners, to be paid at 21, out of the Profits of certain Coal-mines in Durham, which, without another Estate, came to the Petitioners eldest Brother; who died; and he, by his Will, subjected both those Estates to pay the said Legacies, and his Debts; and entailed the Residuum: That the said Colliery is almost wrought out; and the said Debts and Legacies cannot be raised without Sale of the w hole Premises; which cannot be effected without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the said Entail: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estates, for Payment of the Debts and

7 *7

Portions charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Humphry Mackworth, and Mr. Thomas Conyers, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

a Bill for supplying the said Town with* fresh Water, notwithstanding his Bill for that Purpose, the last Session, was rejected, upon a Petition of the Inhabitants of the said Town against the same: And praying, that the Petitioner may be heard by his Counsel, against the now Bill in this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his Answer to Majesty had, pursuant to their Address, given Order for Adilre*. issuing his Royal Proclamation for apprehending Mr.

John Glover, Mr. Alexander Cutting, Mr. William Adye, and Mr. William Clifton.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Commission ceived a Letter from the Trustees for Sale of the Irish ers of Irish forfeited Estates; That, immediately upon the Receipt foreltures-of the Order of this House, for Two of them to attend this House, they had appointed Mr. Annesly and Mr.

Trenchard for that Service; who would repair to London with all convenient Speed, and there attend the further Pleasure of this House.

Mr. Speaker, also acquainted the House, That he, with Answer to the House, did Yesterday present to his Majesty their Addre*. Address: And that his Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I am glad you are pleased with my communicating to you the State of the Negotiations I have entered into, pursuant to your Address: I shall continue to inform you of the Progress that shall be made in them, and be always willing to receive your Advice thereupon j being fully persuaded, that nothing can contribute more effectually to the Happiness of this Kingdom, and the Peace of Europe, than the Concurrence of the Parliament in all my Negotiations, and a good Understanding betw een me and my People.

The House being informed, That Bolton, who was A Person ordered to attend, could not be found; and that he, ordered w having been a Prisoner, was bailed by very insufficient u

Persons; some of which, upon Inquiry concerning them, were not to be heard of;

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Whitaker, Solicitor to the Admiralty, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, in relation to the Bailing of the said Bolton.

v j Resumption A Petition of Henry Dc Nassau was

i *tGrams, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That I:- his Majesty was pleased to grant the Petitioner certain

Lands in Cornwall, and in Consideration of his

long and faithful Services; who, ever since the Resolution, has fixed himself and Family in England, and made Alliances of Marriages, and settled the said Lands: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill of Resumption, for saving the Petitioner's Right in the said Grant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Dtaie A Petition of William Warner was presented to the

Waterworks. House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, having Liberty from the Archbishop of Canterbury, and a Lease for 99 Years from the Town of New Deale in the County of Kent, to enable him to erect Water-works for the Use of the Inhabitants, and his Majesty's Navy, and other Ships arriving in the hath expended

above 1,600l. in the said Undertaking, which may effectually be completed within Two Months time; but William Ryder Esquire hath obtained Leave to bring in Vot. 13.

Sir Humphrey Mackworth, according to Order, re- Kidd's ported from the Committee, who wrere appointed to sort Piracies, the Papers delivered in from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, relating to Captain Kidd, and report to the House what of them related to the said Captain Kidd: That they had sorted the same accordingly, and divided the same into Two Parcels; those which relate, and those which do not relate, to the said Captain Kidd: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Then Captain Kidd's private Examinations, taken before the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, were read.

And Captain Kidd being brought by the Keeper of Newgate, Recording to Order, was called in:

And the Petition of Cogi Babba, formerly presented to the House, was again read.

And the said Captain Kidd was examined.

And then he withdrew.

And several Letters from the Earl of and

also from Captain Kidd, were read.

And he was again called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Captain Kidd be remanded to the Prison

of Newgate.

5 U Resolved,

1

44*

7° — a8d Martiu 1701.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* take into Consideration the Patent, Commissions, and Instructions to Captain Kidd.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Harrison, named in the said Examinations and Letters, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Martii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Psiayehs. I

A BILL for the further Relief and employing the Loose^ Poor in the City of London, and punishing Vagrants and idle Persons, was read the First time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Ixttd'Conbigsby, according to Order, presented to Accounty the House a general Account of all Monies received or Ann;Pi;< paid by Charles Fox Esquire,-and the Lord msWr'

from the 5th of June 1690, to the last Day of December 1697; and what has been issued to them from that time to the 2,5th Day of December 1699.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Account is as followed).

r

A general C C O If N T or -Abstract of" all

RECEIPTS.

Moneys received ancf paid by fjmerees r-aquiro, nnu w*jwiu»

what has been issued to them from that time to the 25th of December 1699,

VJO

g

eg;

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c§

FT

From Paymaster,

Exchequer

Charge.

Revenue in Ireland.

CReceived by the Accountants from William HarborJ Esquire;- the preceding,) the late 3 Paymaster, being Money issued to him for the Use of the Forces in Ireland,

£ and remaining in his Hands the 5th of June 1690 - - - J

? Received by themmore at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, by 3

I way of Imprest, auclon Account, for the Service of the Forces on the Estab- > f Jishment for Ireland, from the 5th of June 1690, to the 31st of December 1697. 3

{Received from the Produce of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, from the 5th } of June 1690, to the 29th of September 1692; to which time the said Re- f venue was applicable to the Discharge of the English Establishment for the f Service of Ireland, and accounted for there - - - ~ - J

/'Received by the Deduction of ud. per Pound-) £ s. d.

from the Pay of the Forces employed in the > 85,940 11 5

Reduction of Ireland - - - - )

Received from the Deduction of One Day's Pay )

per Annum, on Account of the Hospital, out > 13*497 5

of the Pay of the said Forces . - - 3

99.437

Voluntary

Charge.

Received by Profits on Guineas received from the Exchequer, 1

or bought up here at the current Prices, and sent into Ire- > 21,570 3 7

land, and paid at a higher Value - - - - 3

Received by Profit on Money taken up in Ireland, for which )

Bills of Exchange were given, payable in London, according > 3,634 3 11

to the Course of Exchange - - - - )

Received for the Interest of 21,757/. 10/. od. in Tallies on}

Wines, Vinegar, Sec. struck in Discharge of a Contract for / the cloathing several Regiments from the Date of the said

Tallies to the Times of the Delivery thereof to the Con- I tractors for the said Cloathing - - - - J

Received by Pewter and Copper Money coined by the late "I King James, and found in the Mint and Treasury at Dublin}

Received from the Treasurer of the Navy - - 15,000

Received from the Earl of Ranelagh, for Transport Service 8,750

V. ——

2 TO

1*097 9 51

2,736,426 1 ar oj 266,622 16 94

149,700 2 10

3*,93>924 11 8

Note. That all Monies received or paid, as by this Abstract, has been regularly accounted for in Three distinct Accounts: The First of which being for 1,480,370/. 16 s. yd, contains all Receipts and Payments during the War of Ireland, and was passed in the Year 1693, soon after the Conclusion: The Second Account, amounting to 302,890/. 4/. 3Id.; contains all Money received or paid for the Use of the Danish Forces, from the 4th of November 1689, when they entered into his Majesty's Service, to the 30th of March 1692, at which time they were taken off from the Irish Establishment, which was also passed about the same time: The Third Account, being for 1,309,441 /. 12 s. 11 \d. consists of all Payments to the Regiments that had served in Ireland, on Account of the Arrears which appeared due to them to the 31st of March 1692, and for the Transport Service, afterwards carried on to the End of the Year 1697. All which Accounts have been regularly passed with the Auditors of the Imprest, and declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury: Since which time there has been received the Sum of 33,473 /. \zs.gd. for Transport Service, and towards the Disbanding of the Three French Regiments of Foot in Ireland; for which last mentioned Service there has been sent over into Ireland, and issued to those Regiments there, the Sum of 12,000l. with the Advantage of Exchange, pursuant to the Directions of this House; and the Remainder paid over to the Commissioners of Transports, Sec. here: For all which a regular Account will be prepared and passed, as soon as the Vouchers for what has been paid to the French Regiments in Ireland come over, which are sent for, and daily expected here.

50,465 10 2

63>334 7 10 20,620 7 6

> 128,765 12 1

PAYMENTS. £. s. J.

Paid to General Officers, according to the Establishment, and se-3

veral Warrants - - - J 3 *7 7

Paid to several Regiments of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, for their )

Pay, according to the Establishment and Muster Rolls and se- > 753,491 19 i£

veral Warrants - j

Paid to several Regiments on Account of Subsistence, and Off-reckonings 501,051 13 Paid more, on Account of Off-reckonings growing due after the}

First of April 1692, the Determination of the Establishment fors Ireland; and is deducted from them by the Earl of Ranelagh in t their Accounts from that time - - - j

Paid to several for Cloathing provided for the Army in Ireland,1 and placed to the several Accounts of the Regiments to whom > they were delivered there - )

Paid to his Grace the Duke of Schonbergh and Leinster, and Mon- 7 sieur D*Anverqueryue, for providing Recruit Horses - - J

Paid for the Allowances made to the several Regiments of Horse and Dragoons for Recruit Horses, and to the several Regiments' of Foot for Levy-money for the annual Raising of Recruits, and to several Officers of the Army for respited Pay; and several other Allowances and Contingencies relating to the Army, pursuant to several Warrants; and the Particulars at large set forth in the Accounts passed before the Auditor - -

C Paid to Jacob Fanderesch Esquire, on Account of the Pay of the foreign Troops 1

[ under his Care .....J

f Paid to the Danish Forces, in full of theif Pay, from the 4th of November 1689, when 1 I they entered into his Majesty's Service, to the 31st of March 1692, according to the

£ Establishment, and particular Account thereof passed before Mr. Auditor Bridges 1 Reformed Offi- C Paid to several English and French Reformed Officers on Account of their Half-pay,

I or several Allowances, pursuant to Establishments, and several Warrants

{Paid to several Officers, See. who deserted from the Enemy, or came into his Majesty's Service upon the Capitulation of Lymerick, pursuant to several Warrants r Paid to several Officers of the Hospital for their Salaries and for~

\ Medicaments, and other Necessaries provided for the Use j the said Hospitals ....

( Paid to Commissioners of Sick and Wounded

f paid to the Commissioners of Transportation for which they 1 are to account - - - - J

Paid to the Office of Ordnance, and Trains of Artillery in Ireland Paid Isaac Periera Esquire, for providing Bread for the Use of the Army n 9,805 17 3uu3 ivi wuwu. Paid to William Robinson, and Barth. Vanbemrigb Esquire for Provisions 26,042 14 they are to ac- Paid to John Shales Esquire, for ditto -count. Paid to Robert Henly Esquire, for ditto

Paid to Mr. James Wickars, for ditto -

_Paid to the Earl of Bellomont Treasurer of her late Majesty

C Paid for the Charge of the Civil List and Government in Ireland for the time 1 \ the Revenue of that Kingdom was accounted for in England - - - - j

f Paid to Sir Joseph Hern, in Part of the Subsidies granted by his Majesty to the Em- )

J peror and Duke of Bavaria, in Consideration of the March of their Troops to

J the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy - - - - .- 3

r Paid for the Exchequer Fees, and other Allowances for all Money issued to the Ac-}

\ countants, and for their own Salaries, and the Officers under them, both in Eng- f } land and Ireland, the Charge of Privy Seals for issuing of Money, Imprest Rolls, f £ and passing their Accounts, &c. - )

Paid back into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in Bills of Credit ordered 1 to be cancelled there, which stood Part of the Money, charged to be Im- > pres ted to the Accountants - 3

Dutch Forces*

Danish Forces.

cers. Deserters, fcc.

Hospitals.

to sevc fori s of

21,801 18 8

3*783 16 4

450,983.11 97,188 6

i 4 i

- 4.340

- 5.796

- 6.770 - 15,000

Civil List of Ireland.

Subsidies.

Exchequer Fees and Allowances.

By Balance resting in the Accountants Hands the 31st of December 1697

£ s. d.

,.5S6»497 17 7l

364.359 3 io|

302,890 4 fi

38.057 6 9l 00

*3.073 9 4 i. 0

*4,585 >5 0 8.

723,916 16 Si

41,265 0 4

40,000 0 0

57,488 p

28,519 0 0

3*192*702 13 10 '

1,221 l7 10

3»!93»924 11 8

This Halfpenny is a Mistake, as appears by casting up the Sums; but it is so both in the JoWnal, and the original Accounts.

Assaying

Plate.

Regimental

Accountants.

House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

Conduct of Whitaker, Admiralty Solicitor

444

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Mr. Shackerly, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill appointing Wardens, and Assay-masters, for Assaying of wrought Plate, according to the present Standard, and affixing the Britannia Mark thereon, in those Cities where Mints were lately erected for re-coining the Money of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Mr. Morris, from the Commissioners of Accounts, presented to the House, a List of the Regiments whose Accountants have given Reasons for not bringing in their Accounts by the time appointed by the Precepts and Letters sent to them to that Purpose, with the Reasons themselves.

And the Title of the List was read.

The List, and Papers of Reasons, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said List, and Reasons, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That one Mr. Molyneux, of Paul's- Church -yard, had come to him, and told him of a Challenge sent by Mr. Mason,. a Member of this House, to Air. Molyneux Merchant; and that Air. Molyneux, of Pauls-Church-yard, was at the Door, to give the House an Account thereof.

And he was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of that Matter, and what had been done thereupon.

And then withdrew.

And Mr. Mason was heard in his Place, touching the same.

Whereupon the House injoined him not to prosecute the Quarrel between him and Mr. Molyneux.

And thereupon he said he should pay all Deference to the House, and obey them.

The House being informed, That Air. Edward Whitaker attended, according to Order;

lie was called in; and examined, touching the Bailing of Henry Bolton.

And then be withdrevy.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Edward Whitaker, Solicitor to the Admiralty, is guilty of a great Neglect of Duty, in suffering insufficient Persons to be Bail for Henry Bolton, who was committed for Confederacy with Captain William Kidd, now a Prisoner in Newgate for Piracy.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Edward Whitaka' be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resoled, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Behaviour of Mr. Edward Whitaker, Solicitor to the Admiralty, since he has been in that Employment; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Marks, Sir Robert Onslow, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. How, Air, Smith, Sir William Hustler, Mr. St. John, Sir John Levcs. Gower, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Lord Mor* daunt, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Hanmer, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Ja. Hcnv, Air, Moncton, Mr. Chandler, Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir Wm. Coriton, All*. Thym, Mr. Williams, Mr. Reran ey, Mr. Clark, Colonel Churchill, Sir Geo. Rook, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Gulston, Mr. King, Mr. Bulhlcy, Sir Fra. Massam, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Soames, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bere, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe; and all that serve for the Sea Ports, Hampshire and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to sit de die in diem.

The House being informed, That one Mr. Tracey was at the Door, who could give some Account of the Bail* ing of the said Henry Bolton;

He was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Hindoo vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be made upon Thursday Morning next,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Ltom n<ter vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Harford, be made upon Thursday Alorning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Kidd's Pin into Consideration the Patent, Commissions, and In- obstructions to Captain Kidd:

And the House being informed, That Sir Edmund Harrison attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And the Articles between the Earl of Bellomont, Robert Levingston, and Captain Kidd, dated October the loth, 1695, were read: And also,

The Commission to Captain Kidd from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral

O O

of England, dated December the nth, 169.5: And also His Majesty's Commission to Captain Kidd, under the Great Seal, dated January the 26th, 1695: And also.

The Sailing Orders to Captain Kidd, dated February the 25th, 1695: Andtilso,

An Indenture of Covenants, between his Majesty and the said Grantees, dated Alay the 22d 1697; And also, f The Grant to the Earl of Bellomont, and others* dated the 27th of Alay 1697. lj

Which Articles and Sailing Orders, are as follow: —

The other Four being entered in the Journal of the 4II1 of December 1699.

Articles of Agreement, made this 10th Day of October

169.5, between the Right Honourable Richard Earl ! of Bellomont, of the one Part; and Robert Leving-ston Esquire, and Captain William Kidd, of the other Part.

Whereas the said Captain Kidd is desirous to obtain a Commission as Captain of a private Alan of War, in order to take Prizes from the Kings Enemies, and other* wise to annoy them: And whereas also, certain Person* did some time since depart from New England, Rhode,

Island, New York, and other Parts in America, and elsewhere, with an Intention to become Pirates, and to commit Spoils and Depredations against the Law of Nations, in the Red Sea or elsewhere, and to return, with such Goods and Riches a* they shall get, to certain Places by them agreed upon; of which said Persons and Places the said Captain Kidd hath Notice, and is desirous to fight with and subdue the said Pirates, as also all other Pirates, with whom the said Captain Kidd shall meet at Sea, in case he be employed so to do: And whereas it is agreed between the said Parties, That, for the Purposes edoresaid, a good and sufficient Ship to the Liking of the said Captain Kidd, shall be forthwith bought, whereof the said Captain Kidd is to have the Command: Now these Presents witness, and it is agreed between the said Parties:

1. The said Earl of Bellomont doth covenant and agree, at his proper Charge, to procure from the King's Majesty, or from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, as the Case shall require, One or more Commissions, empowering him the said Captain Kidd to act against the King's Enemies, and to take Prizes from them, as a private Man of War, in the usual Manner; and also to fight with, conquer, and subdue Pirates; and to take them and their Goods, with such other large and beneficial Powers and Clauses in such Commissions, as may be most proper and effectual in such Cases.

2. The said Earl doth covenant and agree* That within*

Three Months after the said Captain Kidd's Departure

from

2 80 Martii.

ij W. III.

from England for the Purpose in these Presents mentioned, he will procure, at his proper Charge, a Grant from the King, to be made to some indifferent and trusty Person, of all such Merchandizes, Goods, Treasure, and other Things, as shall be taken from the said Pirates, or any other Pirates whatsoever, by the said Captain Kidd or by the said Ship, or any other Ship or Ships under his Command.

3. The said Earl doth agree to pay Four Fifth Parts, the whole in Five Parts to be divided, of all Monies which shall be laid out for the buying such good and sufficient Ship for the Purposes aforesaid, together with Rigging, and other Apparel and Furniture thereof, and providing the same with competent Victualling, the said Ship to be approved of by the said Parties; and the said other Fifth Part of the Charges of the said Ship to be paid by the said Robert Levingston and William Kidd.

4. The said Earl doth agree, That in order to the speedy buying the said Ship, and in Part of the said Four Parts of Five of the said Charges, he will pay down the Sum of 1,600l. by way of Advance, on or before the 6th Day of November next ensuing.

5. The said Robert Levingston and Captain William Kidd do jointly and severally covenant and agree, That on or before the said 6th Day of November, when the said Earl of Bellomont is to pay the said Sum of 1,600l. as aforesaid, they will advance, and pay down, 400 I. in Part of the Share and Proportion which they are to have in the said Ship.

6. The said Earl doth agree to pay such further Sum of Money, as shall complete, and make up, the said Four Parts of Five, of the Charges of the said Ship's Apparel, Furniture, and Victualling, unto the said Robert Levingston and William Kidd\ within Seven Weeks alter the Date of these Presents; and, in like manner, the said Robert Levingston and William Kidd do agree to pay such further Sum as shall amount to a Fifth Part of the whole Charge of the said Ship, within Seven Weeks after the Date of these Presents.

7. The said Captain Kidd doth covenant and agree to procure, and take with him, on board the said Ship, One hundred Mariners or Seamen, or thereabouts, and to make what reasonable and convenient Speed he can, to set out to Sea with the said Ship; and to sail to such Parts or Places where he may meet with the said Pirates; and to use his utmost Endeavour to meet with, conquer, and subdue the said Pirates, or any other Pirates; and to take from them their Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure; also to take what Prizes he can from the King's Enemies, and forthwith to make the best of his Way to Boston in Neiv England; and that without touching at any other Port or Harbour whatsoever, or without breaking Bulk, or diminishing any Part of w hat he shall so take or obtain* on any Pretence whatsoever; of which he shall make Oath, in case the same shall be desired by the said Earl of Bellomont; and there to deliver the same into the Hands or Possession of the said Earl.

8. The said Captain Kidd doth agree, That the Contract and Bargain which he will make with his said Ship's Crew, shall be, No Purchase, no Pay; and not otherwise: And that the Share and Proportion which his said Crew shall, by such Contract, have of such Prizes, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure, as he shall take as Prize, or from any Pirates, shall not, at the most, exceed a Fourth Part of the same; and shall be less than a Fourth Part, in case the same may reasonably and conveniently be agreed upon.

9. The said Robei't Levingston, and Captain Wm. Kidd, do jointly and severally agree wdth the said Earl of Bellomont, That in case the said Captain Kidd do not meet with the said Pirates, which went from New England, Rhode Island\ New York, or elsewhere, as aforesaid; or do not take from any other Pirates, or from any the King's Enemies* such Goods, Merchandizes, or other Things of Value, as, being divided as herein after is mentioned, shall fully recompense the said Earl, for the Monies by him expended in buying the said Four Fifth

Vo l. 13.

445

Parts of the said Ship and Premises; that then they shall refund and repay to the said Earl of Bellomont the wrhole Money by him to be advanced, in Sterling Money, or Money equivalent thereunto, on or before the 25th Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1697; the Danger of the Seas, and of the Enemy, and Mortality of the said Captain Kidd, always excepted: Upon Payment whereof, the said Robert Levingston and Captain Kidd are to have the sole Property in the said Ship and Furniture; and this Indenture to be delivered up to them, with all other Covenants and Obligations thereunto belonging.

10. It is agreed between the said Parties, That as well the Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things, which shall be taken from the said Pirates, or any Pirates, by the said William Kidd, as also all such Prizes as shall be by him taken from any of the King's Enemies, shall be divided in manner following; that is to say, Such Part as shall be for that Purpose agreed upon by the said Captain Kidd, so as the same do not in the Whole exceed a Fourth Part, shall be paid or delivered to the Ship's Crew, for their Use; and the other Three Parts to be divided into Five equal Parts, w hereof the said Earl is to have, to his own Use, Four full Parts, and the other Fifth Part is to be equally divided between the said Robert Levingston and the said Wm. Kidd; and is to be paid and delivered, them by the said Earl of Bellomont, without Deduction or Abatement on any Pretence whatsoever: But it is always to be understood, that such Prizes as shall be taken from the King's Enemies, are to be lawfully adjudged Prize, ill the usual manner, before any Division, or otherwise intermeddling the rewith, than according to the true Intent of the said Commission, to be granted in that behalf.

Lastly, It is covenanted and agreed between the Parties to these Presents, That in Case the said Captain Wm. Kidd do bring to Boston aforesaid, and there deliver to the Earl of Bellomont, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, or Prizes, to the Value of 100,000l. or upwards, which he shall have taken from the said Pirates, or from other Pirates, or from the King's Enemies; that then the Ship which is now speedily to be bought by the said Parties, shall be and remain to the sole Use and Behoof of him the said Captain Kidd, as a Reward and Gratification for his good Service therein.

Bellomont.

Memorandum: Before the Sealing and Delivery of these Presents, it w^as covenanted and agreed by the said Earl of Bellomont, with the said Robert Livingston Esquire, and Captain William Kidd, That the Person to whom the Grant abovementioned in these Articles shall he made by his Majesty, shall within Eight Days at the most, after such Grant has passed the Great Seal of England, assign and transfer to each . of them the said Robert Livingston Esquire, and Captain William Kidd respectively, their Heirs and Assigns, One full Tenth Part (the Ship's Crew's Share and Proportion being first deducted) of all such Goods, Treasure, or other Things, as shall be taken by the said Captain Kidd, by virtue of such Commission as aforesaid: And the said Grantee shall make such Assignment as aforesaid, in such Manner as by the said Robert Livingston Esquire, and Captain William Kidd, or their Counsel learned in the Law, shall be reasonably devised and required: And then these Presents w*ere sealed and delivered, the Sixpenny Stamp being first affixed, in the Presence of us, Martha Bi'eken,

John Maddocke,

John Moulder.

Whereas the necessary Fitting, Equipping, and Outset, of the Adventure Gaily, bought by the above-mentioned Wm. Kidd, in pursuance of these Articles, could not be completely finished and perfected within the time thereby limited; and consequently, that all the several Sums of Money, therein covenanted to bfc paid, 5 X were

28° Martii.

Kidd's

Piracies*

Members

summoned.

Motion respecting die Grant of Prizes.

Committees.

446 a 8° — af

xvere not actually paid by ill or any the Parties to the above-written Covenants and Agreements, within the Time thereby expressed, limited, and directed; but that, Nevertheless, all the said Sums have since been paid; and the Ship bought for the Voyage and Design expressed in these Articles, is now completely fitted and provided with all Things necessary, and lies ready jto depart; and that also the several Commissions have been obtained by the Earl of Bdlomont: It is hereby further mutually declared, covenanted, and agreed, by and between the abovesaid Right Honourable Richard Earl of Bdlomont, and Robert Livingston, and William Kidd, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned therein, That, notwithstanding the Delay in the Dispatch of the said Ship or Gaily, and of the Payments of the Monies expressed in the above-mentioned Agreement, that, yet nevertheless, all and singular the several Agreements, Articles, and Clauses, therein mentioned and intended, are hereby declared to be, and are and shall be and remain in as full Force and Virtue, as if the said Ship, and all the Sums of Money, had been actually paid within the Time limited and directed by the said Articles; any thing therein to the contrary notwithstanding. Dated in London, the 20th Day of February 1694.

Witness present at the Bdlomont.

Signing and Sealing hereof,

Sarah Oakley,

John Stanley.

The said Sailing Orders.

London, 25th February 169^.

Captain William Kidd'

You being now ready to sail, I do hereby desire and direct you, that you and your Men do serve God in the best Manner you can: That you keep good Order, and good Government, in your Ship: That you make the best of your Way to the Place and Station where you are to put the Powers you have in Execution: And, having effected the same, you are, according to Agreement, to sail directly to Boston in New England, there to deliver unto me the Whole of what Prizes, Treasure, Merchandizes, and other Tilings, you shall have taken by virtue of the Powers and Authorities granted you: But if, after the Success of your Design, you shall fall in with any English Fleet bound for England, having good Convoy, you are, in such Case, to keep them Company, and bring all your Prizes to London, notwithstanding any Covenant to the contrary in pur Articles of Agreement. Pray fail not to give Advice, by all Opportunities, how the Gaily proves; how your Men stand, what Progress you make; and, in general of all remarkable Passages in your Voyage, to the Time of your Writing. Direct your Letters to Mr. Edmund Harrison. I pray God grant you good Success, and send us a good Meeting again.

Bdlomont.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster~hall, Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend she Service of the House: And he went accordingly; and being returned;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That a Grant, passed under the Great Seal of England, to Richard Earl of Bdlomont and others, of all the Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things therein granted, which should be taken by Captain Kidd from Thomas Too, John Ireland, and others in the said Grant mentioned as Pirates, before their Conviction' is illegal and void;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

WSSS& }*«

Teltasfor theNo }‘98'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

A. 1701.

And then the House adjournedf till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 29° die Martii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

ESOLVED, That this House will, upon Monday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty: And that the Engineers and Officers, of the Ordnance, do then attend the said Committee.

Mr. Blathzcaite, from the Commissioners of Trade and Imprortmtu Plantations, presented to the House their Answers to the Trade. Order of the 12th of March instant, by which they were to lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings for the Improvement of Trade, since the 21st Day of March 1699, being the Time of the Delivery of their last Account.

And the Title thereof w as read:

And the Answer is as followeth; viz.

In Obedience to the Order of this Honourable House, dated the 12th of this instant March, requiring from us an Account of our Proceedings for Improvement of Trade, since the 21st of March last; we humbly offer,

That we did then represent to the Honourable House the Powers and Authorities committed to us by his Majesty; whereby we are directed to examine, and take an Account of, the State of Trade; and to do what in us lies, for the Encouragement thereof, in giving the Merchants, and others concerned, all the Satisfaction and Dispatch we can in their Business, from time to time; as also to make constant Inquiries into the Conditions of his Majesty's Plantations in America, as well with regard to the Administration of Government, as in relation to Commerce; and how those Colonies may be kept in good Order, and rendered most beneficial to this Kingdom; to prepare Commissions and Instructions to Governors; and to examine the Journals and Proceedings of the several Councils and Assemblies, and all the Acts and Laws made by them, in order to the Amendment, Approbation, or Disallowance thereof; to correspond with all the said Governors, and other Officers, in the publick Administration; and to make Representations to his Majesty, or the Privy Council, of what may occur to us upon the Heads or Matters aforesaid; wherein a considerable Part of our Time has been continued to be taken up, since the said Month of March last: The chief Particulars whereof, and of other incident Business, we shall now lay before this Honourable House, in the shortest Method we are able, referring ourselves, for a clearer Deduction of several Matters transacted by us, and under our daily Consideration, to our former lleport, given at that Time.

The French Ambassador having presented to his Majesty a Memorial, complaining of the Royal African Company's trading into the River Senegall, and of their hindering the French from trading up the River Gambia; we thereupon heard the Company: And, finding that they deny their Trading up the River Senegall, and assert their Right to the sole Trade up the River Gambia, we represented the same to his Majesty, for Answer to the said Ambassador's Memorial; and offered, that the Trade along the Coast ought to be kept free, and common to both Nations.

In further Reference to that Trade, a Complaint having been made to his Majesty in Council, by Mr. William Bird and others, of the Seizure of their Ship, called the William and Jane, by the French, about Port Adally\ on that Coast of Africa, where she was trading with a Licence from the Royal African Company, according to the late Act of Parliament; were presented to his Majesty the Company's Right, and constant Trade on that Coast; humbly proposing, that his Majesty would be pleased to

insist

13 W. III. 29° M447

insist upon the Restitution of the said Ship and Damages, and to give such further Orders, as should be thought lit, to prevent the like Violences for the future.

The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, having Understood from his Majesty's Consul at Algiers, by his Letter of the 13th April last, that the Dey of that Place had given no longer Time, than till September following, for all Ships belonging to his Majesty's Subjects to be provided with Admiralty Passes, which had been discontinued during the late War; insisting upon the Treaty made with them the 10th of April 1682; and declaring, That after that time, such Ships as should be met by their Cruisers, not being furnished with Passes in the Form required, would be seized, and carried up to Algici'S', by which means the Plantation Ships, those to Newfoundland, and others employed in long Voyages, would have been in great Danger; and his Majesty having thereupon required us to consider and settle the Method of granting Passes to the Ships of his Majesty's Subjects, tradingin the Way of the Algerines; we humbly reported to his Majesty the State of that Matter, not only in relation to the Forms of such Passes, but more particularly to the Places whither they should be sent to the Persons who might be intrusted with the Distribution thereof, and to the Directions and Instructions to be given to such Persons in the Execution of that Trust: And we humbly proposed, that the most pressing and effectual Means might be used with the Government of Algiers, to enlarge the Time that had been limited by that Government: All which having been accordingly directed, Passes were sent to the several Persons appointed to distribute them; and the Government of Algiers was prevailed with to prolong the Time for One Year more; xiz. till the End of September next; by which Means the Navigation of his Majesty's Subjects have been preserved from that Danger.

Memorials from Mr Broughton, his Majesty's Consul at Venice, relating to the Trade of Fish and Currans, between England and the Venetians Dominions, having, by his Majesty's Order, been referred to our Consideration; we consulted the Merchants trading in those Parts; and reported what we found to be the State of that Trade, not only with relation to those Two Commodities, but to the whole Trade between England and the Venetian Dominions in general: And we further set forth the Inconveniences and Hardships that, we bad been informed, the English Merchants, trading in those Parts, do lie under.

Differences having arisen between the English Merchants residing at Lisbon, and the Judge Conservator of the English Nation there; and the Merchants of London trading to Portugal having thereupon applied to his Majesty, that he w ould please to interpose with the King of Portugal, for the Removal of the said Conservator; we gave Ins Majesty the necessary Informations in that Matter; and humbly proposed what we judged most for the Ease of the Merchants, and the Advantage of that Trade.

A Vessel, called the Bedford Gaily, belonging to A

Owners, having been seized at Madagascar, by Pirates, in Combination of some of the said Ship's Company; we did, at the Owners Desire, represent the Case to his Majesty; and Letters, prepared by us for his Majesty's Royal Signature, were thereupon dispatched to the Governors of the Plantations, for securing the said Ship and Men, and proceeding against them according to Law.

An Act of Parliament having been made, in the last Sessions, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; wherein it is provided, That Commissions be passed, either under the Great Seal of England, or under the Seal of the Admiralty, for the Tryal of Pirates in the Methods directed by the said Act; we did immediately represent to Iris Majesty the Necessity that those Coirfmissions should be dispatched: And his Majesty having thereupon directed them to be passed under the Great Seal; we further humbly offered our Opinion upon the Form which had been prepared by Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor Vol. 13.

General: And, having consulted both the Old and New Improvement East India Companies, we settled with each of them, to ol Ira(ii* what Persons and Places those Commissions might be fitly directed in those Parts: And soon after, we also laid before his Majesty a List of the Persons and Places to which the like Commissions might be directed in his Majesty's Plantations in America; All which having accordingly been done, and the said Commissions being passed ana sent, we prepared Letters for his Majesty's Royal Signature, to the respective Governors of those Plantations, for sending hither all Accessories in Cases of Piracy, w ho, by the said Act, are not to lie tried beyond the Seas.

And having since been required by his Majesty to consider of the Draft of a Proclamation, that Had been pre* pared, for encouraging the Apprehending and Convicting of Pirates, in reference to the Time fit to be allow, d them to come in, and make Affidavit, as thereby directed; we offered to his Majesty divers Considerations relating to Pirates: Upon which his Majesty was pleased to issue his late Proclamation of the 6th Instant.

There is a constant Return of Business every Year relating to the Trade and Fishery of Newfoundland:; and, from the Commodore of tlfe last Convoy, we received an Account of the Course and Progress thereof, with particular Respect to the Execution of the late Act of Parliament to encourage that Trade, in Answer to what was given him in Charge; and we have prepared other Instructions and Dispatches to the Commodore of the Convoy now going thither, for the rectifying several Abuses, and making further Inquiries into the State of the Trade and Fishery of his Majesty's Subjects there, and into that of the French in those Seas.

We have likewise taken again into Consideration the properest Methods of employing the Poor; but having, the last Session, represented to the House, That, for the making the Poor useful, and not burdensome, to the Publick, we had made divers Proposals, how we conceived that Work might be best effected; and having tdso, in pursuance of an Order of a Committee of the House at the End of the last Session, prepared an Abstract of all the Laws now in Force relating to the Poor, together with the Draught of a Bill, whereby they might be reduced into One Law, and laid the same before the Committee; we found, that we could not make a further Progress on that Subject, until this Honourable House shall have proceeded thereupon.

As to his Majesty's Plantations in America, we have made several Representations in Defence of his Majesty's Right to such of them as have been at any time claimed by the French, or other Foreigners; and having formerly set forth his Majesty's Title to the Island of Tobago, One of the Caribbe Islands in the Neighbourhood of Barbadoes, we have since offered to his Majesty such Considerations as put a Stop to the Design 01 some Persons here, who, under a Pretence of an Agreement with the Duke of Courland's Envoj, were contriving to settle the said Island under the Title and Protection of that Prince; and have thereby prevented the great Prejudice such a Settlement would have caused to the Island of Barbadoes, and the Trade of this Kingdom.

Having also formerly, in a Report to their Excellencies the Lords Justices, represented his Majesty's Right of Sovereignty over the Island of Sta; Lucia in the same Neighbourhood; and Directions having accordingly been given to the Governor of Barbadoes for maintaining the same: Upon which, the French Ambassador complained to his Majesty of those Proceedings; and insisted upon the Fi'ench King's Right to that Island; we again laid before his Majesty a full Deduction of his Majesty's Title to the said Island, in Answer to the French Pretensions.

The said Ambassador having likewise presented to his Majesty a Memorial, complaining of a Design alleged by him to be carrying on by some of the Inhabitants of Barbadoes, in order to the Settling of the Island of Domi* nico, another of the Caribbe Islands; and having therein questioned the Right of the English to the said Island,

w §

L

44s . 2 90 Mariii. A. 1701.

duly subservient and useful to England; we have humbly offered our Opinion, That the Charters of the several Proprietors and others, intitling them to a Right of Government, should be reassumed to the Crown, and these Colonies put into the same State and Dependency as those of his Majesty's other Plantations, without further Prejudice to every Man's particular Property and Freehold; which, we conceive, cannot otherwise be well effected, than by the legislative Power of this Kingdom.

Upon Occasion of several Complaints relating to the Administration of Justice in Barbadoes, we have given Directions for the more regular Holding of the Courts of Justice in that Island, and transmitting to us such Account of their Proceedings, as will tend to the Reforming of all Neglects and Irregularities in those Courts: We have also prepared Letters for his Majesty's Royal Signature, which have accordingly been dispatched, containing particular Commands to the Governor and Council of the said Island; for redressing all Miscarriages of that kind, and preventing Complaints of the like Nature.

And a Petition having been presented to his Majesty by the Agents of that Island, and other Persons having an Interest there; wherein they set forth the present Condition of that Island; and pray, That the Duty or Impost of 4f per Cent, arising the re upon all dead Commodities exported from that Island, may be applied to the Reparation of the Forts, and other Uses; we laid before his Majesty the State of that Matter, expressing particularly the several Grounds and Considerations upon which the said Duty was given, and the Application that has been lately made thereof to the Uses mentioned in a late Act of Parliament for granting to his Majesty certain Duties, for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other necessary Occasions: Further representing to his Majesty, That the Inhabitants of Barbadoes have expressed great Zeal, and been at considerable Expence, in his Ma-imperfectly: ~ jestys Service, during the late War; and that the said

That divers of them having denied Appeals to his Island, with respect to the present Conjuncture, may Majesty in Council; by which, not only the Inhabitants deserve a particular Regard, as well in reference to the of those Colonies, but others his Majesty's Subjects, are Repairs and Improvement of the Fortifications, as to the deprived of that Benefit enjoyed in the Plantations under Security of that Place and Trade, by Ships of War. his Majesty's immediate Government; and the Parties His Majesty having been pleased, upon our Represen-aggrieved are left without Remedy from the arbitrary and tations, to recal the Governor of the Bermuda Islands, illegal Proceedings of their Courts: and to appoint another to succeed him, we prepared a

That these Colonies continue to be the Refuge and Commission and Instructions for the new Governor, with Retreat of Pirates and illegal Traders, and the Receptacle the necessary Alterations; and, upon his Departure, con-of Goods imported thither from foreign Parts, contrary sidering the great Importance of those Islands to the Plan-to Law; in Return of which Commodities, those of the tation Trade, and Navigation of England, we further Growth of these Colonies are likewise, contrary to Law, proposed to his Majesty, That a Supply of Powder and exported to foreign Parts: All which is likewise much en- Arms might be immediately sent thither; and that, upon couraged by their not admitting Appeals, as aforesaid: the Governor's Arrival there, he should forthwith report

That, by raising or lowering their Coin from time to what he might find further requisite to be done, or sent time, to their particular Advantage, and to the Prejudice from hence, for the Security of the said Islands: All of other Colonies; by exempting their Inhabitants from which having been approved by his Majesty, Supplies have Duties and Customs, to which the other Colonies are been sent, and Directions given, accordingly.

♦subject; and by harbouring of Servants and Fugitives; In order to the Production of Naval Storesin the Planta-

these Governments tend greatly to the undermining the tions, we directed the Earl oiBellomont to use his utmost Trade of the other Plantations, and entice and draw away Endeavours to advance that Design in the Provinces under the People thereof; by which Diminution of Hands, the his Government: And he, finding the Dearness of Labour rest of the Colonies, more beneficial to England\ do very in those Parts, wherein the Inhabitants are not numerous, much suffer. to be a great Obstruction to that Work, for which Nature

Nor have we omitted to take Notice, That these inde- otherwise afforded great Advantages, did thereupon form a pendent Colonies do turn the Courseof Trade to the pro- Proposal or Schemefor making Pitch, , and Tar, and Rosin, moting and propagating Woollen and other Manufactures in the Province of New York, by the Labour of Soldiers; proper to England, instead of applying their Thoughts who might, at the same time, serve for the Defence of the and Endeavours to the Production of such Commodities, said Province bordering upon the French: as are fit to be encouraged in those Parts, according to the And his Lordship having communicated to us this true Design and Intention of those Settlements, Scheme, which takes in as well the Security of that Fron-

That these Governments do not put themselves into a tier, as the Production of those Stores, we laid before State of Defence against an Enemy; nor do they suffi- their Excellencies the late Lords Justices a Report upon ciently provide themselves with Arms and Ammunition; that whole Matter; setting forth the Difficulties that ap-many of them having not a regular Militia, and some of peared to us therein; the absolute Necessity of putting them being no otherwise, at present, than in a State of some Part of it, relating to the Security of the Province, Anarchy and Confusion. in Execution; the Advantages that would accrue from the

To cure these, and other great Mischiefs in these Colo- Whole, in case it should be made practicable; and the Pro-nies, and to introduce such an Administration of Govern- ceedings which had already been made therein: To which ment, and fit Regulation of Trade, as may make them we added what seemed to us most proper to be further

done

Improvement we did, by a like Deduction, state and assert his Majesty's of Trade. Title thereunto.

Upon a Controversy between his Majesty's Province of New York and the Charter Government of Connecticut Colony in New England, relating to their Boundaries; we examined the Pretensions of both Sides; and reported to his Majesty the State thereof, together with Draughts of Letters for his Royal Signature, and an Instrument proper for the determining and settling those Boundaries.

We have, on many Occasions, represented to his Majesty, as we did likewise, in our last Report, to the late House of Commons, the State of such Plantations in America, as are under the Government of Proprietors and Charters; and how inconsistent these Governments are with the Trade and Welfare of this Kingdom:

That these Colonies, in general, have no ways answered the chief Design, for which such large Tracts of Land, and such Privileges and Immunities, were granted by the Crown:

That they have not conformed themselves to the several Acts of Parliament for regulating Trade and Navigation, to which they ought to pay the same Obedience, and submit to the same Restriction, as the other Plantations, which are subject to his Majesty's immediate Government; though, on the contrary, in most of these Propriety and Charter Governments, the Governors have not applied themselves to his Majesty for his Approbation, nor have taken the Oaths required by the Acts of Trade; both which Qualifications are made necessary by the late Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade:

That they have assumed to themselves a Power to make Laws, contrary and repugnant to the Laws of England, and directly prejudicial to our Trade, some of them having refused to send hither such Laws as they have there enacted; and others having sent them, but

tj W. III. $9° Martii. ' 449

done with regard to the present Circumstances of that Province s From all which we are expecting a good Effect.

And having therein referred the Subject of Masts, and other Ship Timber, to be considered apart, because of the Relation it might have to other Plantations as well as to New York) we soon after laid before their Excellencies a separate Report thereupon; setting forth the State of his Majesty's Woods in those Parts; the great Waste and Spoil that is daily committed in them, by converting Oaks and Pines of the largest Dimensions into Pipe Staves and Deal Boards; the great Consumption likewise of Timber by a Trade to Spaine and Portugall, which is not prohibited by Law'; and the Advantages that may be drawn from those Woods to England, if there was a due Provision by Laws, which we accordingly proposed to be made; and having thereupon received his Majesty's Directions, we prepared a Letter for his Royal Signature to the Earl of Belbmont, requiring him, That he would use his Endeavours with the Assemblies there to pass Acts proper for that End; or, in case he could not prevail with them to do what is requisite, that he would report particularly what may be fit to be done here: Which Letter has been sent to his Lordship.

The Northern Frontiers of the Province of New Yw'k being the most advanced of any of his Majesty's Plantations towards Canada, and the chief Security of the neighbouring Plantations against an Enemy depending upon the Preservation of those Frontiers, which that Province is not alone able to provide for, we have, upon several Occasions, represented what seemed to us necessary for that Service; and particularly upon an Information from the Earl of Belbmont that all the Colonies of New England were alarmed, and under great Apprehensions, from the Intelligence given them, on all Sides, of a general Insurrection and Rebellion intended by the neighbouring In-(Hans, unto which they had been secretly instigated by the indirect Practices and malicious Insinuations of the French of Canada; and that our Five Nations of New York Indians were corrupted by those Artifices, and seemed inclining to shake off their Dependence on the Crown of England\ and to associate with the other Indians in that Insurrection; we humbly offered, That a Supply of Money might be sent towards the Building and Repairing of Forts in the Frontiers of New York, together with Presents for our Five Nations of Indians in those Parts, and Recruits for the Forces there.

We further humbly proposed to his Majesty, That the other Colonies which are so much concerned in the Security of those Frontiers, should be required to contribute, towards the Building and Repairing of their Forts, a certain Sum, in reasonable Proportions, according to a Scheme that we laid before his Majesty, together with Letters for his Royal Signature; which have accordingly been dispatched.

And his Majesty has been pleased, out of his Royal Bounty, to give 2,500 /. towards the Charge of Forts; to send Presents for our Five Nations of Indians, to the Value of 800 /.; and to recruit the Soldiers at New York, who were but 1 So, with Men from hence to make them up 400.

The Defence and Security of the Plantations in general being a Matter of the greatest Importance to the Trade of this Nation, we have not confined ourselves to what relates to the Province of New York, but have also, in Two other Representations, laid before his Majesty the State of all his Plantations, both in the Islands and in the Continent of America, with particular Relation to the Forts, Fortifications, and Stores of War, now there; and what may be further necessary for the Defence of those Plantations with regard to the present Conjuncture: Which Representations, or any others afore-mentioned, we are ready to lay before this Honourable House? when the same shall be required; and to explain more at large such Particulars therein, as have fallen under our Consideration, in reference to Trade, and the Security of his Majesty's foreign Dominions.

Vol. 13.

All which is mosi humbly submitted.

/ Stamford,

Whitehall, 28 Mar, Lexington,

1701, Ph. MeadaweS,

Wm. Blathwaite,

John Pollexfen.

Abr. Hilly Mat. Prior.

Ordered, That the said Answef do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houses

A Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within Lynn WoVk<B the Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, for houses* the better employing arid maintaining the Poor there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Marmours have Leave to go intd Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence, sions.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mary Stout Widow, stout's presented to the House the 13th instant, be read this Petition. Day Sevennight, in a full House.

Sir Humphrey Mackworth, according to Order, pre- Davison's sented to the House a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Estate. William Davison, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and raising his Children's Portions charged thereupon: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for erecting and making a Corporation within Ilallifax the Town of Halifax, for the better Relief and Govern- Poor' mont of the Poor there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Secretary at War do lay before this Half-pay. House a List of the Officers who receive Half-pay.

A Petition of Major EdmundBowyer, and other Officers, Army that served in the Battalion commanded by Major Gene- Arrear3# ral Erie, and disbanded at Exon, was presented to the House: And the House being informed, That Major General Erie is ill, and the said Petition relating to him;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Major General Erie be able to attend the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell have Leave to withdraw Sandwich his Petition touching the Election for the Port of Sand- Election. wich.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of Preservation the Protestant Religion; and for the preventing the Trans- of Protestant lation of Bishops from one See to another; be read a Se- RcllfeU,n* cond time upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Sandwich Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Com-Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandrcich, in the room of Sir Henry Fur-nesse Knight, expelled this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for St. James, erecting a Corporation in the Parish of St. James, West- Westminster, minster, for Relief of the Poor of that Parish, and setting 00r* them on Work: And that Mr. Poultney and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for Assaying Assaying of wrought Plate, according to the present Stan- Flute, dard,' and affixing the Britannia Mark thereon, in those Cities where Mints were lately erected for recoining the Money of this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

5 Y A Petition

Duties on Stone, &c.

Address to

prosecute

Kidd.

State of the Nation.

45o 29 s — 3-10

A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves and many others, who advanced to his Majesty 564,7001. on the Credit of an Act of Parliament made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Stone, Glass, and Karthern Ware, Coals and Culm, for the Term of Five Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did lately petition this House, shewing, That their said Fund was taken from them without their Consent; and that they are left destitute of any Security for Repayment of their Money: Which Petition was referred to the Committee of the whole House, for a Supply to his Majesty; who reported their Resolution; to which the House disagreed, with Intent, as the Petitioners hope, to make them some effectual Provision for discharging the said Debt: And praying, that their deplorable Case may be again taken into Consideration, and, if the House think fit to grant them the Continuance of the Duties on Coals and Culm for a sufficient Term of Years, after the Expiration of the Time granted by Act of Parliament to others; or else to make the Petitioners other effectual Provision for the Payment of so just a Debt, and Interest

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to give Order, that Captain may be proceeded against according to Law'.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the State of the Nation, and of the Treaty of Partition, being read;

Ordered, That the Treaty of Partition, and the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, what Proceedings were therein relate-ing to the Treaty of Partition, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Martii. 1701.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of die Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; w inch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 31* die Martii

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

PETITION of the Clothiers of in Woollen

the County of Worcester, was presented to the ManufaC House, and read; setting forth, That, though many good tures' Laws had been made to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and the Government hath been at great Charges in maintaining divers Vessels for that Purpose; yet, through the Neglect or Connivance of those concerned in those Vessels, as it is feared, many thousand Packs of Wool have, within these Two last Years, been exported into France; which Practice hath much decayed our Woollen Manufactures, and, if not speedily prevented, will destroy the same, and consequently ruin the Manufactures: v And praying, That Inspections may be made into the Transporting of Wool; and that effectual Means may be used to prevent the same for the future, and to maintain the Good of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inspect the Laws in being relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

Mr. Blathicaitc, according to Order, presented to the Half-pay House a List of the Half-pay Officers, according to the Liit* Establishment, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1700,

And the Title thereof was read:

And the List is as followeth; viz.

D

eg'

n'

cd

Q_

cr

William R.

st and Establishment of Ilulf-pay for the Officers of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, and other our natural born Subjects, disbanded since the loth Day of September 1697; to commence from the 2(>th Day of March lust, inclusive, and to be continued and paid unto them by Monthly or Quarterly Payments, upon the usual Certificates from the'Commissary General of the Musters, of their being alive, and not otherwise provided for, until the 25th Day of December next Given at our Court at the 16th Day of April 1700

co in the 12th Year of our Reign.

o

HORSE.

Colonel Harvy's Regiment.

Captains, &c.

prr Ditm.

Lieutenant Colonel Tho. Pownell, as"l Lieutenant Colonel and Captain -/ Major John Petry, as Major and Captain Captain Win. Prettyman Tho. Stanwell Cha. Dormer

li

9

7

7

7

Lieutenants. Cornets. Quarter-masters.

ptr Diem. per Diem.

3. d. s. d. * d.

Richard Jeffries - - - 5 0 James Butler - - 4 6 John Drake m O

John Gumbleton - - 5 0 Francis Forrester - - - 4 6 Phabian Philips 0 - 0

Anth. Bartlemy m - 5 0 Edmund Smith - - - 4 6 Adam Blair <- - 0 0

Edward Cockran - - 5 0 Fran. Najezon - m - 4 6 Mart. Grandprey - - 0 0

Henry Townsend - m - 5 0 John Seagrave - - - 4 6 John Mozeto - - 0 0 3 0

Charles Pinkney, Chaplain, 3 s. 4 per Diem.

Thomas LordWindsor, as Colonel and Captain 13 Lieutenant Colonel Win. Culliford, as!

Lieutenant Colonel and Captain -/ 11

Major Isaac de la Font, as Major andj - Captain - - - - -/ 9

William Elves - - - - 7

Samuel Shute - - - - 7

The Lord Windsor's Regiment.

0 Captain Lieutenant Nic. Le Pell - 5 0 Thomas Leigh - - - -.46 David Lawrence

n Wallop Brabazon - - - 5 0 Ant. Najae - - - 4 6 Humph. Poole

u Edward Clifford - - -50 Thomas Newell - - - - 4 6 Henry Rezoux

Francis Ellison - - - 5 0 Charles West - - - - 4 6 Richard Parks

9 Tho. Done - - - - 5 0 Tho. Dodsworth - - - - 4 6 Philip Evat

0 Tho. Gawdy - - - 5 0 John Serjeant

0 William Legard, Chaplain, 3 s, 4 per Diem.

Colonel Edward Leigh, as Colonel and] Captain -Lieutenant Colonel Ant. Rodney, as| Lieutenant Colonel and Captain Major John Corbett, as Major and Captain Captain John Orfeur -Robert Hedges -Henry Carter - -

Edward -Goddard - -

13

10 o

8

5

5

5

5

o

6

6

6

6

Captain Lieutenant William Emmett

Francis Browne -

Gideon Bonivert -

Henry Hartus' - -

John Nicholson - -

Geo. Walker -

Henry Powney -

DRAGOONS.

Colonel Leigh's Regiment.

3 o Thomas Edwards 3 0 Henry Rodney

3 o Tho. Chetwood 3 o Geo. Phillips 3 o John Pearson 3 0 John Usher

3 o Ant Takenhoff

2

2

2

2

2

2

9

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

Anthony Bishop -Edward Orfeur Robert Cunningham Dunne Mackenny Ant. Buckeridge -Geo. Snow Geo. Newman Richard Searle

Charles Johnson, Chaplain, 4 per Diem.

3

3

3

3

3

3

o

o

o

o

o

o

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

O

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

3

a

5

STS

U) (C

Earl of Denbigh's Regiment.

Captain*.

Bazil Earl of Denbigh, as Colonel and'

Captain

Major William Oglethorp, as Major and' Captain -

Captain Tho. Hartop -Geo. Witmore -Richard Creed -

Henry Cromwell -

Sam. Lenard -

Lieutenants.

per Diem. per Diem.

s. d. s. d.

13 0 Captain Lieutenant Eli Studholm 3 0

Edward Nicholes 7 - 3 0

8 0 Arthur Pepys - - 3 0

Fran. Harwood - 3 0

5 <3 Sampson Breedy - - 3 0

5 6 John Creed - - 3 0

5 6 Lewis Le Strange - 3 0

5 6 5 6 Daniel Boniner - - 3 0

Cornets.

William Cecill George Jucks Edward Coopes Antony Chester Barlow Wickham Younger Cooke John Grace

Quarter-masters.

4*

John Hodgson Daniel Wayte Peter de la Rue -William Hewett -Christopher Clapham -John Hilton Robert Lightford

Thomas Rose, Chaplain, 3 s. 4 d. per Diem

per J)iem

d.

2 O 2 2 2 2 2 2

O

O

O

O

a

o

D

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

C?

The late Duke of Bolton's.

L

FOOT.

Regiments. Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns.

Mgjor General Thomas Erie's, Captain Andr. Abington 4 8 Captain Lieutenant Jos. Dolling 2 4 Sam. Norman - 110

Thomas Tooke - 4 8 John Pratt - - - 2 4 Ignatius White - 1 10

Edward Jones - - 4 8 Henry Trenchard - - - 2 4 Gilbert Barrington 1 10

Cha. Floyer - - 4 8 Robert Strangway* m - 2 4 Zack Clark - 1 10

John Simmons - - 4 8 Robert Northcote - - 2 4 Tho. Goward - - - 1 10

Tho. Wagget - - 4 8 John Jackson - - 2 4 Jos. Henning 1 10

Richard Henning - - 4 8 Edw. Hastings m - 2 4 Robert Clark - 1 10

Peter Minshall - T. 4 8 Francis Izod - - 2 4 William Strode - 1 10

Hopton Twiniho - - - 2 4 Henry Hawley - 110

Ben. Tredenham - - - 2 4 John Williams - 110

Cha. Gookin - - 2 4

Edw. Emmett - - 2 4

Edward Scarborough, Chaplain, 3 s. 4cl.

Robert Northcote, Quarter-master, 2 s.

Lieutenant Colonel Hen. Hickman, as!

in J

8

Lieutenant Colonel and Captai Major John Aspin, as Major and Captain 7 Captain Robert Parsons - - 4

Ralph Gore - - - 4

Fitz-Maurice Gifford 4

Tho; Porter - ... 4

Phil. Gerey - - "4

James Manly - - - 4

Tho. Kitson 4

Edward Mansell 4

John Powell - - - - 4

Captain Lieutenant Mich. Robinson

Henry Sewell -

Christopher Robinson -

Maurice Betsworth

Tho. Colon -

John Jardin -

John Wilson -

Leonard Thornton -

Richard Coleman -

Tho. Toogood

Edw. Pyle -Rosvland Cockran -

Christopher Ilurrison

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

Tho. W'estwood John Skyes -Gilburn Scroop John Ramsey John Pippin Philip Orfeur Thomas Hewit John A pi in William Cock John Busted Leonard Keeling

OOI

5?:

1 10 1 10 1 10

10

10

10

10

la 10 10 1 a

Samuel F'ickctt, Chaplaini

3 -4 c?.

ii . a ft —

g

CQ

N 0 CL -CT

o

o

o

°2-' rT

He£;lmcnfs.

O

to

Colonel Richard Coote's.

Colonel Thomas Brudenall's.

-N

£"hp tains.

Colonel Rich. Coote, as Colonel anti Captain Lieutenant Colonel Tho. Allen, as Lieu-1 " tenant Colonel and Captain -Major Fra. Holroyd, as Major and Captain Ralph Brenri - -

Stephen Capell - -

Robert Houston -

YV'm. Ad a ire -

Loftus Duckenfield -Wm. Harrison ----- Dudly Loftus -

Era. Toplady -

William Rutter - -

Reter Vaughan -

P‘T-Dim.

s. <j.

8 2

7

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

2

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

Colonel Tho. Brudenall, as Colonel andj Captain - - -/ 11

Lieutenant Colonel John Hubbart, as j Lieutenant Colonel and Captain -J 9

Majdr John Rose, as Major and Captain 7 Captain Nebem. Farmer - 4

William Gay - - - 4

Robert Cecu - . - - - 4

John Lloyd - - - 4

Edmund Keating - - - - 4

John Hutchinson - - 4

Peter Lisle ' - - - 4

Cha. Edwards ----- 4

Solomon Rapin - - - 4

Tho. Aston ----- 4

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

Colonel Thomas Saundcrson's.

Colonel Tho. Saunderson, as Colonel andj Captain - - - - -J

Lieutenant Colonel Cha., Wills, as Lieu-j tenant Colonel and Captain - -J Majdr Richard Sutton, as Major and Captain Captain Geo. Burston -

Herity Falkland -

Isaac Knight -

Thomas Bedford -

Phil. Griffin - -

Richard Bokon -

James Brathwayte —

7

4

4

4

4

4

4-

4

Lientenantfi# Ensigns.

pty Dim). s. d ver L a. 'ue.»4. (I.

Captain Lieutenant Chandler - 2 4 Rlundcfi Summers - 1 10

Maurice Warren - 2 4 Hen. Ilodgkluson i ! 0

George Pordarn - 0 4 Peter Ducla - 1 10

John Goodwyn - - 2 4 George Hewitt - 1 10

William Wadds - - 2 4 Thomas Mansell 1 10

G^o. Wingfield - - 0 4 John Tucker - 1 IO

John Euer - - 2 4 Tho. Bourdon - 1 \o

Hugh Smith - - 2 4 Geo. Nap per - l IO*

Thurston Haddock - 2 4 Daniel Winter - 1 IO

Tho. Gold - 2 4

Isa. Jacob . 2 4

William Gargrave 0 4

William Pycwell ' - 2 4

Thomas Landgarth, Chaplain, 3 s. 4 d.

John Ant. Barmier - - 2 4 John Mackenzie 1 10

Geo. Foulks . - - 2 4 Thomas Lloyd 1 TO

Tho. Piers - - - 2 4 John Farmer 1 10

Alexander Gay - - 2 4 Hugh Drisdall 1 10

Rixton Darby - - 2 4 William Ro*e - - -" - '1 TO

George Beate' - - 2 4 Sam. Hutchinson 1 10

John Mussage - - 2 4 Henry Warren - 1 10

Phil. Carpenter - - 2 4 Samuel Francis - - - 1 1 1

Charles Burgh - - 2 4 Samuel lloektost l 10

Gilbert Pickering - l _ 2 4

W'illiam Barton - 2 4

Edward Deve - - - 2 4

John Burgh - - 2 4

1 William Stoughton , Chaplain, 35. 4

John Fulford, ‘ j. Quarter-master, 2 s.

Captain Lieutenant James Harris 2 4 Stanhop Yarborough: - 1 10

William Singleton - - 2 4 Andrew Day - - 1 10

Robert Jackson - . - 2 4 John Patridge 1 10

William Whittoff . - 2 4 Geo. Saunderson - 1 10

Fran. Filbridge - — 2 4 John Sharp 1 10

Marc. Ant. Bernard . 2 . 4 Nic. Tirwhitt 1 10

Nathan. Potter - 2 4 Robert Ilume 1 10

Peter de St. Just - - - 2 4 John Dfculton 1 10

Alexander Davison . - 2 4 Thomas Vauchin 1 10

John Bernard 2 4 William Saunderson 1 10

Hugh Palliser - _ _ 2 - 4

Rich. Pinnock . - 2 4

13W.IIL 3 1" Mar Hi.

E =5 fc 5L.

'Regiments.. Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns.

per Diem. per Diem. per Diem.

s. s. d. $. d.

John Saunders - - - 4 8

Walter Pallister - - - - 4 8 John Waley, Chaplain, 3 $. 4*/.

William Brereton - - - 4 8 Henry Clark, Quarter-master, 2$.

Colouel John Gibson's.

Lieutenant Colonel Tho. Dore, as Lieu-')

tenant Colonel and Captain Captain Midburn Smith Clifford Brexton Griffin May

Robert Daliel - -

John Foalk

Edw. Rigby

Jos. Hargrave «.

Geo. Watkins -

Colonel Thomas Farrington's.

D

cq'

n‘ CD Q. CT

O

o

cS.

FT

Lieutenant Colonel Wm. Froud, as Lieu-T tenant Colonel and Captain - -j Major Christopher Wray, as Major and j Captain - - - - -J

Charles Cratchrode Thomas Phillips John Dally John Bickly James Howard -Robert Cheyne Rich. Nanfan Robert Minzies -Satn. Pitman James Otway

Ijrt

4*

0 Captain Lieutenant Luke Spencer 2 4 James Gibson 1 10

0 2 Alexander Hardine - - 2 4 Roger Handaside - - 1 10

4 8 Geo. Heron - - 3 4 Isaac Gab. la Font - - 1 10

4 8 Nathan. Lawson - 2 4 Houghton - 1 10

4 8 Peter Morin . - - 2 4 Peter Heart - 1 10

4 8 Jermyn Archbold - - 2 4 Fran. Gibson - - 1 10

4 8 Tho. Symons - 2 4 Wm. Wanlesse - - 1 10

4 8 David Gibson ' - . 2 4 Robert Overton - - 1 10

4 8 Lewis Liermont - - 2 4 Wm. Levingston - 1 10

4 8 J acob Boyce - - 2 4 Bryan Stapleton - - 1 10

David Heart, Chaplain, 3 s. 4 d.

William Stone, Quarter-master, 2 s,

Q O Captain Lieutenant John White 2 4 Dawkin Willmot m 1 10

O Francis Lewis . 2 4 A nth. Gawdy - 1 10

m 0 John Danvers - 2 4 Peter Bonafaus - . 1 10

7 John Brooks - 2 4 William Car - - 1 10

4 8 Vere Harcourt - - 2 4 Courtney Southwell - I 10

4 8 Cha. Drake - 2 4 John Miller - 1 10

4 8 Robert Uthwaite . j* 2 4 Tho. Farrington - - . 1 10

4 8 Cha. Middleton - - - 2 4 Abel Cook - - 1 10

4 8 James Devise «- r 2 4 John Davenport - 1 10

4 8 John Greenwood . - 2 4 Cha. *d6 Castelnau - - 1 10

4 8 Robert Carr - 2 4 Richard Bissell - 1 10

4 8 David Castellan© - - 2 4

4 8 Robert Pyke - - 2 4

4 8 John Hancox, Chap ain, 3 s. 4 d.

James Howard, Quarter-master, 2 s.

The late Colonel Wm. Northcote's.

L

Lieutenant Colonel'Alexander Lutterell, V R as Lieutenant Colonel and Captain -j ® 2

Major Tho. Carew, as Major and Captain 7 2

Captain Wm. Courtney - - - 4 8

Alexander Cockle - - - >48

Jonath. Stuckley - - - 4 8

Philip Dockton - - - 4 8

i Thomas Adams - - - - 4 8

I Walter Pigott - - - 4 8

\ Christopher Dalton - - - 48

Captain Lieutenant Wm. Tregea 2 4

Walter Elliot - - - 2 4

Abraham Coatley - - 2 4

James Clark - - - 2 4

Robert Stawell - - - -24

John Taylor - - - - 2 4

Solomon Balmier - - 2 4

John Owen - - - - 2 4

Ephr. Aylward - - - 24.

John Conyers - - 24

John Beckwith Richard Tippet Wm. Northcote John Harris John Northcote Cha. Stuckley Tho. Northcote Adain Wjjghtman

1 10 1 10 1 10 1 10 1 10 1 10 1 10 1 10

o

D

eg'

n'

cd

Q.

cr

CD

o

c§

fT

Regiments. Captains. Lieutenants. Etoignt.

<? per Diem. per l)itm. per Diem.

O s. d. S. (1. s. d.

p James Blackney - 4 8 Mark Hildesley - - - 2 4

Fran. Blinman - - - 4 8 George Snell, Chaplain, 3$. 4J.

John Andrews, Quarter-master, 2 s.

The Independent Companies.

Company of Miners -Company at Upnor - Captain John Pitt - - - -40 I Lieutenant Thomas Marwood 2 9 J Colonel Rouse, as Lieutenant - - 2 4 Ensign Tho. Thompson - - 1 10

DRAGOONS, Royal Regiment.

Captains. James Crofts - - - - 5 6 La Roque - - - -56 Lieutenants. John Richardson - - - 3 0 Tho. Cropley - - - 3' 0 Cornets. # Harris - - - 2 6 John Marshall - - 2 6 Quarter-masters. Robert Richardson - - -20 John Anderson - - - 2 0

Peter Hawker - - - 5 6 Colonel Lloyc John Perkins - - - - -30 Tho. Huntback - - - 3 0 *s Regiment. Joseph Scaife - - - 2 6 Cornelius d' Witt - - - - 2*6 Thomas Haley - - - - 2 0 Char. Headlam - - - -20

Andr. Samazon - - 5 6 Fra. St George - - -.56 Earl of Essei Benjamin Martin - - - 3 0 James Hamilton - - - - 3 ° Cs Regiment. John Gravenor - - - 2 6 John Oliver - - t 2 0. Nat ha. Mouchier - - - 2 0

F O O T.

Regiments. Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns.

Brigadier Selwyn's. William Rongely - - - - 4 8 John Arnott - - - 4 8 Hugh Phillips ' - - - 2 4 Henry Godfrey - - - 2 4 Henry Sands - - -24. Robert Wansbrough - - - 110 William Danby - - - - 1 10 Faa. Bickerstaffe - - - - 110

Major General Churchills. Joshua Churchill - - - - 4 8 William Bright - - - 4 8 Charles Churchill - - - - 4 8 Geo. Palfrey - - - - 2 4 diarnaby Pewtall - - - - 2 4 John Grierson - - - 2 4 Tho. Man waring - - - - 1 10 Tho. White - - - 1 10 John Grant - - - - 1 10

Brigadier Trelawnye's. Samuel Mitchell - - - - 4 8 Richard Cely - - - 4 8 John Lloyd ----- 4 8 Leonard Fish — - 2 4 Geo. Nelthorpe - - - - 2 4 Henry Walker — - 2 4 Richard iregeagle - - - - 1 10 llenry Devenish - - - 1 10

Major General Erie's. Wilkinson - - - 4 8 Robert Adams - - - - ] jo

Colonel llenry Holt's,

Colonel Henry Holt, as Colonel and Captain 11 4

Major Edward Nott, as Major and Captain 7 2

David Ganspoule - 4 8

Fiibt Lieutenants; viz*

Henry Lyons Henry Mcoles Robert Cunningham Cha. Lloyd

Second Lieutenants; viz.

Fran. Smith - - - -24

Adrian Godolphin - - 2 4

Henry Plarn - - - - 2 4

John Saundersoil - - - -.24

John Perry, Quarter-master, 2$.

4*

Cjri

Cn

13 W. III. 310 Martit.

Regiments, Captains. First Lieutenants. Second Lieutenants.

per Diem. per Diem. — { per Diem.

s. a. s. d. s. d.

The late Colonel Russell's. Major Tho. Garth, as Major and Captain 7 2 Richard Hobson -- - - - 2 4

George Paine - - - 2 4 -

Colonel Lillingston's. Major John Monjoy, as Major and Captain 7 2 Ensign Richard Holland - 1 io

JVlarquis of Carmarthen's. Anthony Gibbons - - 4 8 Tho. Horner . 2 4 Peter Chasseloup . — 2 4

Steuart Spicer - - - 4 8 Tho. Needier - - - 2 4 Geo. Harnage . - 2 4

Unton Deering - - 4 ,8 Jacob N. Eveque - 2 4 Cha. Christian _ - _ 2 4

William Bradbury - - 4 8 John Foster - 2 4 Cha. Cooper - . - 2 4

Edward Weaver^ - - 4 8 Wm. Grace - 2 4 George Ord - - 2 4

Richard Thomas - - - - 2 4 Edwd. Cowley - - - 2 4

Henry Phillips - - - 2 4 John Dixon - - 2 4

John Patillo - 2 4 Peregrine Bertie - - - - 2 4

Edmund Harris - - - - 2 4 James Brough - - - 2 4

Robert Austin - - - 2 4 Tho. Golding - 2 4

Vincent Bonnard - - - - 2 4

Tho. Pretty ~ - - - 2 4

Christopher Buck - - - 2 4

John Anderson - " - 2 4

1 Sir CLoudsly Shovell's. Major Thomas Webberley - - 7 2 Thomas Bourk _ _ .2 .4 William Hibberd - 2 4

George Rodney - - - 4 8 Archibald Purvis ~ - - - 2 4 Rich. Doyly - - - 2 4

Samuel Odbert - - 4 8 William Richards - - - 2 4 Richard Sanger - - - 2 4

John Thornhill - - - - 4 8 Phi. Reeves - - 2 4 Alexander Cragg - - - - 2 4

John Vanbrook - - 4 8 jVlanly Caliis - - - 2 4 David Evaqs - - - 2 4

John Lancaster - - - - 2 4 James Desborde - - - - 2 4

Thomas Brown - - - 2 4 George Howard - - - - 2 4

James Saunders - - - - o 4 Thomas Miles - - ,2.4

James Mallory - - - 2 4 Griffith Vaughan - - - - 2 '4

-Cha. Jlurton - - - 2 4

Walter Dougharty - - . - 2 4

Lewis Billingsly - - — . - -2 4

Lieutenants. Ensigns.

Colonel William Seymours*. Colonel Wm. Seymour - 11 4 John Hutton _ _ 2 4 James De Joye _ _ _ I JO

Major Wm. Dornell - - 7 2 Paul Craddock r - - 2 4 Sam. Graham - - - 1 10

Alexander Hamilton - - 4 8 Henry Dale - - - 2 4 Tho. Willis -. - - - J 10

John* Le Hunt - - 4 8 Francis Scott - - £ 4 Catts Haston _ - 110

Henry Fulivitle ~ - 4 8 John Lowther j- - - 2 4 John Whitehall r - - 1 IO

Lesly Finch ' n* 4 8 Tho. Crawford - r - .2 4 Sam. Bell - - - - 1 JO

John Gilbert - - - 4 8 William Walcott - _ - - o 4 William Adams - - - I io

Wm. Helmsly - - - 4 8 Robert Parker - - - 2 4 , Tho.- Sutton - - -- - - 1 1 o

Wui. Biasett - - 4 8 Wiuwood Miulmtn - - - 2 4 Peter C ol horn - - - 1 I o

4*

os

-->1

o

31° Ma

g

cq'

Regiments, Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns,

per Diem. s. d. Abr. Delivron - - - -48 Nic. Lechire - - - 4 8 per Diem. s. d. John Hill - - - - 2 4 John Finch - - - - 2 4 Richard Custom - - - - 2 4 Richard Hammaker - - 2 4 Charles Josselyne; John Webb, Quarte — — per Diem. d. Wm. Armorer - - - - 1 10 Tho. Hooper - - - -110* Isaac Ewres - - - - 1 10 James Moor - - - - 1 10 hh Chaplain, 3 s. 4 d. rmaster, 2$.

Colonel Edward Dutton Colt's. Colonel Edward Dutton Colt - 11 4 Lieutenant Colonel Theo. Rabesnier 8 2 Major Henry Grove - - 7 2 William Abrahall - - - 4 8 John Phil. Goodwyn - - 4 8 Geo. Dutton Colt - - 4 8 Richard Cobhatn - - 4 8 Robert Swift - - - 4 8 John Thompson - - - 48 Lewis De Sediere - - 4 1 Cha. Deereham - - - 4 8 Ant. Stoughton - - 4 8 Oliver d'Harcourt - - 4 8 James Painter - - - 2 4 John Stennett - - - 2 4 Peter Regnaud - - - 2 4 Nic. Cook - - - - 2 4 Geo. Grime - - - -24 John Canvall - - - 2 4 Alexander Forster - - 2 4 Robert Innis - - - 2 4 Win. Whittacre - - - 2 4 William Codd - - - - 2 4 Alexander Mackraw 2 4 Rich. Cole - - - - 2 4 John Barraton - 2 4 Robert Cox, Chapla Wm. Fiswick, Quart Wm. Charnell - - - 1 10 Sir Wm. Mansell - - - - 1 10 William Betbreech - - - 1 10 Peter Hall - - - - -110 Robert Smith - - - 1 10 Lewis de Boye - - - - 1 10 Robert Pargiter - - - - 1 10 Fran. Otway - - - - 1 10 James Rainsford - - - - 1 10 00' Richard Stroughill - - - 1 10 1 — 4 John Vaugensigne - - - 1 10 0 in, - - 35. 4d. ermaster, 2 $.

Colonel Harry Mordaunt's. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Johnson 8 2 Major Edward Norton - 7 2 Lewis Mordaunt - - - 4 8 Louis Cout de Legniere - 4 8 Francis Rufaine - - - 4 8 Nic. de la Noe - - - 4 8 Hugh Deane - - - -48 John Brereton - - - - 4 8 Tho. Somner - - - 4 8 Sam. Forster - - - 4 8 . Mich. Benedict - - - 2 4 Theo. Duchesne - - - 2 4 Ja. La Boullaye - - - 2 4 Geo. Ford - - - - 2 4 ♦John Jewett - - - - 2 4 Tho. Wiltshire - - 2 4 John Woodcock - - - - 2 4 Fra. Foulk - - - 2 4 Desclauseux - - - - 2 4 Lewis Rival! ' - - 2 4 John Sait - - - 2 4 Obadiah More - - - - 2 4 Geo. Foukes* 24 Peter Rivall, Chaplai Lewis du Plessy, Qui Henry Nicholls - - - - 1 10 Hugh White - - - 1 10 Cha. Harwick - - - - 1 10 Paul Dancour - - - - 1 10 Oliver Hetherington - - - 110 Henry Mordaunt - - - 110 Tho. Browne - - - - 1 10 John Maynard - - - 1 10 Sam. Forrester - - - 1 10 Cha. Mordaunt - . - - 1 10 Cha. Mordaunt - - - - 1 10 Geo. Patricks - - - - 1 1 a n, - - 3s- 4d. artermaster, 2 s*

4"

c_rt

Regiments. Captains, &c. First Lieutenants. Second Lieutenants - 1

Colonel Thomas Brudenall's. per Diem. s. d. Major Jos. Stopford - 7 2 Ellis Cooper - - - 4 8 Gilbert Symmons - - - 4 8 William Spragg - - - 4 8 Benj. Bennett - - - - 4 8 John Webb - - - -48 James Plunkett - - - 4 8 John Phillips - - - - 4 8 Cha. Williams - - - 4 8 John Harnage - - 4 8 Robert Hill - - 4 8 per Diem. s. d. Cha. Stevans - - - 2 4 Win, Saunderson - - - 2 4 Humphrey Leary - - - 24 Richard Allison - - - - 24 Joseph Buttler - - - 2 4 Henry Killigrew ' - - 24 Tho. Browne - - - 2 4 John Davis - - *- - 24 Ruben Caillaud ... 2 4 Tho. Willson - - 2 4 Robert Bing - - - - 24 Ralph H — Ln per Diem ^0 8. d. Giles Stevens i 10 lalsan, Quartermaster, 2 s.

Invalids. To Sixty-eight disabled Officers, and Six hundred disabled private Men, for whom there is no room in Chelsea Hospital, T £. 8. d. who are lodged at Windsor, Hampton Court, Chester, and Tytmouth; whose Allowances being Half-pay to the Officers, g -63 18 8 and Five-pence a Day to each private Man, besides Cloaths once in Two Years, amounts, in One Year, to Six thousand^ u Seven hundred Sixty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence )

Commissaries of the Musters* Deputy Commissaries. Chari. Abington - - - 5 0 Geo. Harlackenden - - 50 Tho. Aldcroft - - - 50 Two old Marine Regiments. Sir Tho. Knatchbull - - 10 0 Geo. Gillard - 50 Four late Marine Regiments. Geo. Byng - - - 10 o Edward Aylmer - ~ - 5

By his Majesty's Command,

Tankeroille, Ste. J. Smith, H. Boyle, Richard Hill.

o

o

0§ . FT

*IC>£l

13 W. III.

31" Martii.

45 9

William R.

Additional List and Establishment of Half-pay, for the several English disbanded Officers, hereafter mentioned; List. and of such who served in Scots Regiments, upon English Establishments, at the time of their being disbanded; to commence from the several Days of their being disbanded, and Naturalization, respectively; and to be continued until Christmas next, upon Certificates, as in the foregoing List.

Regiments. Persons Names and Qualifications. Allowance, per Diem.

Earl of Lindsey s Colonel Bochan's Captain William Davison £ 0 s. 4 d. 8

Captain John le Wright - - - - 0 4 8

Earl of Strathnaver's Lieutenant John Fishwick . - - - 0 2 4

Lord Jedbrough's Dragoons Lord Lornes' - Lieutenant Gustavus Belford - - m - - 0 3 0

Lieutenant Oliver Wheeler - - - 0 2 4

Colonel Geo. Hamilton's - Lieutenant John Higgens - - - - 0 2 4

Earl of Portmore's - Ensign Theop. Nicholls - - _ - - - - 0 1 10

Colonel Bochans Captain Sixth Dahlem - - . - - 0 4 8

Lord Lornes' - Captain de la Bene - - - - 0 4 8

Colonel Row's - Captain Millon - - 0 4 8

Lieutenant John Hauteclaire - - - . - 0 2 4

Brigadier Maitland's - Captain La Tour - 0 4 8

Colonel Bochan's Captain Gignoux - 0 4 8

Lord Portmore's Ensign Daniel Champagne - - - 0 1 10

Lord Portmore's Murvin Perry, Chaplain - - - 0 3 4

Colonel Bochan's Lieutenant Colonel Guillim - - - 0 8 2

Colonel Geo. Hamilton's - Captain James Gibson - - - 0 4 8

Lord Jedborough's - Lieutenant John Bland - - - 0 3 0

Cornet Archibald Primrose - - - - 0 2 6

Colonel Row's - Captain Henry Worthley - - - 0 4 ,8

Scots Guards - Edward D'Auvergne, Chaplain - - - 0 3 4

f 3 18 4

By his Majesty's Command,

Tankerville, J. Smithy

Ste. Fox, H. Boyle.-

Richard Hill,

By the Lords Justices.

Thd. Cantuar\ N. Wright, C. S. J. Bridgwater, Marlborough.

An additional List and Establishment of Half-pay, for the Chaplains, and other Officers of the several Regiment^ hereunder mentioned, lately disbanded; to commence as is hereafter expressed; and to be continued, and paid to them from time to time, upon the usual Certificates from the Commissaries General of the Musters, of their being alive, and not otherwise provided for, until Christmas next. Given at the Court at Whitehall, this 20th Day of August One thousand Seven hundred, in the Twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Regiments.

Major General Lumly's Colonel Woods Brigadier Windham -Duke Schonberg Royal Dragoons Colonel Loyd's Brigadier Slwyn'

Major General Churchill s Brigadier Trelawney'

Royal Regiment of Fusileers

Persons Names and Qualities.

John Petler, Chaplain Geo. Child, Chaplain Walter Wells, Chaplain -Dean Scarsdale, Chaplain James Johnson, Chaplain John Hilton, Chaplain Josiah Alsop, Chaplain -John Harris, Chaplain Nic. Griles -Captain Francis Rainsford Captain Phil. Honywood -Captain Jo. Bickerstaffe -Lieutenant James Wibeault Lieutenant Jervas Parker Lieutenant Gregory Odiam Sam. Harwar, Chaplain -

A true Extract, Wm. Blathwaite.

Total -

Allowance per Diem.

£. *. d.

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 4 8

0 4 8

0 4 8

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 3 4

2 14 4

Commencement.

From the 24th of April 1700.

From the 15th of July 1700.

per Diem.

Vo L. 13

By their Excellencies Command,

Fo.v, Smith, Richard Hilt.

4^o

3i° Martii.

An Abstract of the Charge of Half-pay, according to the Establishment.

per Diem.

Colonel Harvye's late Regiment The Lord Windsors Colonel Leigh's - -The Earl of Denbigh's -Major General Erie's The late Duke of Bolton's Colonel Coote's -Colonel Brudenall's Colonel Saunderson's Colonel Gibson's -

Colonel Farrington's Colonel Northcote's -

Company of Miners Company at Upnor -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Colonel Lloyd's -Earl of Essex -

Brigadier Selwyn's Major General Churchill's Brigadier Trelawny's Major General Erie's Colonel Holt's -Colonel Russel's -Colonel Lillingston's Marquis of Carmarthen's Sir Cloudsly Shovell's Colonel Seymour's Colonel Colt's -Colonel Mordaunt's Colonel Brudenall's Invalids - -

Commissaries of the Musters -

Additional List -

List of Chaplains, and other Officers, of the Fusileers

3

2

18

14

5 7 7

6 1 7

5 10 10

5 7 4

4 9 0

- 5 13 2

6 3 6

6 5 6

- 6 5 0

4 12 6

5 17 10

5 10 0

0 6 9

0 4 2

1 6 0

1 0 6

1 3 6

1 1 10

1 6 6

1 4 8

0 6 6

2 3 10

- 0 11 10

0 9 0

3 *9 4

3 14 10

- 6 0 0

6 9 2

5 10 4

4 3 4

18 13 7 i

2 5 0

129 1 6*

4

4

6 12 8

135 14 2 i

To which may be added, for the Officers of Colonel Foxe's Regiment, lately disbanded in') the Leeward Islands, and daily expected Home, about - - - - y

The Money saved by the Officers dead, and provided for, to the First of April 1701,1 amounts to - - - J

Remaining Charge

A. t

701.

per Annum.

L d.

49,534 6 7

2,200 0 0

51,734 6 7

' 2,418 3 6

- 49,3i6 3 1

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kidd desires The House being informed, That Captain Kidd desired to attend the to be brought again to the House, having something to House. gay to tjje House;

Ordered, That Captain Kidd be sent for to attend this House immediately: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Keeper of Newgate for that Purpose.

Artny

Arrears.

A Petition of Mary Herrington, Aunt and Executrix of John Herrington, late Captain in the Marine Regiment, then commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl o{Torrington, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Captain was killed on board the Iiestauration in the Sea Fight at Torbay; and the Petitioner supplied him with Money to answer his Occasions; and, in 1691, or 1692 , obtained a stated Account of Pay due to the said Captain, and his Company, under the Hand of Mr. Seaborne Buckeridge, then Agent of the said

Regiment; whereby it appeared there was due to the said Captain, 268/. 13$.; That the Petitioner has made constant Application to the former Agents, and, of late, to Mr. Richard Harnage, the late Agent; but could never obtain One Peny Satisfaction for the said Arrears: And praying, That Mr. Harnage, who did actually receive the Arrears of the said Regiment, may shew Cause why the Petitioner may not receive the Arrears due to her said Nephew; and that she may be relieved concerning the same.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and state the Fact to the House.

A Petition of Richard Caryll Esquire, and John Caryll Resumpta Esquire, his Son, was presented to the House, and read; of Grants, setting forth, That John Caryll, the Petitioner Richards Brother, was only Tenant for Life of the Manor of West Harding, and Hundred of Dumford, Com Sussex, and went into France with the late Queen, and was

outlawed

13 W. III.

outlawed for Treason; and all his Estate real and personal, was seized into the King's Hands, as if he were seised in Fee, several of those Estates being, long before his Outlawry, vested in the Petitioners: That his Majesty granted all the said Estates to a Person of Honour, who hath endeavoured to possess himself thereof by Law ,* but the Petitioners, pleading their Titles to the Premises, continued the Possession; and to avoid further Prosecution and Waste, have actually paid 6,000l. for the said Grantee's Interest: That the said outlawed John Caryll is 75 Years of'Age, was never in Arms, and only attended on the said Queen as her menial Servant: And praying, That a saving Clause for the Petitioners may be inserted in the Bill before the House, for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

option A Petition of Elizabeth Mcese, Mother and Executrix

luls* of George Mease Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said George obtained a Warrant from the late Queen AJary, dated 7th May 1691, for the Attorney General to prepare Letters Patents for granting to the said George, who had been a Rear Admiral in his Majesty's Service, wherein he and his Brother lost their Lives, Two Rent-charges of 40/. per Annum each, payable to Two Jesuits for their Lives, One of them being siuce dead; which Rent-charges w ere, in King Charles the Second's Reign, by Inquisition, returned into the Exchequer, and vested in the Crown: That Geo. Mcese, and the Petitioner, have been at great Charges in suing for, and discovering, the said Rent-charges; and having not yet received any Benefit thereof: And praying, That the Benefit of the said Grant may be saved to the Petitioner, by inserting a Clause for that Purpose, in the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Uses of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Hester Heixart, Widow and Relict of Charles de la Tour, Marquis de Gouvcmett, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That, on the Marriage of the Petitioner's Daughter Hester with the Lord Eland, eldest Soil of the late Marquis of Halifax, a Fee-farm Rent of 550 /. per Annum, after Queen Dowager's Death, was settled in Part of her Jointure; which was purchased of the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, for 4,255 L 4 s. 10 d.; That the Lord Eland, by his Will, gave his Widow the said Fee*farm Rent to pay his Debts; and the Lady Eland, by the Assistance, of the Petitioner, paid almost 6,000 L and the Petitioner above 1,000l. and several Debts arc yet standing out: That the Lady Eland, by her Will, gave the said Fee-farm Rent to the Petitioner, and her Heirs; but, there being no Witnesses to it, though all of her own Hand-writing, the Petitioner was advised, and accordingly did procure an Inquisition to be found, to intitle his Majesty to the said Fee-farm Rent; who, by Letters Patents, dated the 29th April 1695, granted the same to the Lord Romney, and Sir Cha. Cottercll, and their Heirs; and they, by Deed of the same Date, do declare the Grant to be in Trust for the Petitioner: And praying, That a Clause, for preserving the Petitioner's Interest in the said Grant, may be inserted in the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

461

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners cannot get fair Accounts from their respective Captains; nor w'ould they pay what they pleased, except the Petitioners signed a Paper, which they had not the Liberty to read; and about 19/. 13 s. 4 d. per Month was stopfc out of the Troopers Subsistence, while in actual Service, for such as were sick or disabled; which was not paid for that Purpose: And praying Relief in the Premises, that they may be paid* what is due to them.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And that they do report the Fact to the House.

Mr. Poultney, according to Order, presented to the St. James* House a Bill for erecting a Corporation in the Parish of Westminster* St. James Westminster, for Relief of the Poor of that Poor*

Parish, and setting them to work: And the same was received.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Malt Lottery Lottery Tickets, yet unpaid, was presented to the House, and Tickets, read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, for the most part, have been forced to live, for these Three last Years, upon what they could borrow upon the Credit of the said Tickets, under the yearly Hope of having them paid off; but the Credit of them daily sinking, for w ant of more ample Provision than the Vote of this House, the Petitioners can have no further Credit upon such Tickets:

And praying, That their said Debt may be placed on an effectual Fund for Payment of the whole Interest now due, and to secure the Principal to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Sir Edward Seymour, according to Order, presented to Regulating the House a Bill for the better preventing Bribery, and Elections, other undue Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliament: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Lessening the lessening the Number of Attornies and Solicitors; and Number of for regulating their Practice: And that Mr. Harnond\ Attornie*# Mr. Mompesson, and Sir Joseph Trcdenham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House Publick an Account of all publick Aids and Revenues not yet Revenues, delivered in, and of the Application of the same to Michaelmas 1700.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Arrears of of the Arrears of Taxes now standing out. Taxes*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members who Publick are to prepare the Bill for the more effectual obliging Accountants, all Persons that receive publick Monies, to pass their Accounts with Expedition, That they do make Provision, upon the Debate of the House, for the Receivers immediate paying in their Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lestwitbiell the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Lestwithiell, in the County of Cornwallf in the room of John Buller Esquire, deceased.

310 Martii.

A Petition of several Non-commissioned Officers and Troopers, late belonging to the Regiment of Horse commanded by the Earl of Gallway, was presented to

You 13*

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That he Message-had a Message to this House, signed by his Majesty: £om the Which he presented to the House; t.Z^wTu

O B Together France.

46$ 31 ° Mar Hi. "A'Jifj oi.

Negotiations with I'Yunce.

Together with an Extract out of the Register of the Resolutions of the States General.

24- J

One thousand Seven hundred and One.

April 4,

March

The Resolution of the States General, 4th April 1701, "about Succours.

The Translation of the Envoy of the States Generals Memorial, March the 30th 1701.

And the said Message was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as folio we th; viz.

William R.

HIS Majesty having received an Account from Mr. Stanhope, his Envoy Extraordinary at the Hague, That the French Ambassador there had declared to the Pensionary, that the King his Master had no other Answer to return to the Demands made by the States General of the United Provinces, than that he is ready to renew and confirm the Treaty of Rysuick, it being alljhe Security the States are to expect; and that he has no Orders to give any Answer to his Majesty's said Envoy; but, if his Majesty has any thing to demand, it may be done by his Ambassador at Paris, or to the French Minister at London; and that he has no Commission to treat with any but the States: And his Majesty having also received Two Resolutions of the States, and a Memorial from their Envoy here, relating to the Ships they are sending to join his Majesty's Fleet, and the Succours they desire may be hastened to them, by virtue of the Treaty made the 3d of March 1677: His Majesty has thought fit to communicate the Whole to this House, that they may be particularly informed of the present State of Affairs abroad, where the Negociation seems to be at an End, by the positive Answer the French Ambassador has given to the States: Which his Majesty recommends to the serious Consideration of this House, as a Matter of the greatest Weight and Consequence; and desires that they will give his Majesty such Advice thereupon, as may be for our own Security, and that of the States General, and the Peace of Europe

Kensington, the 31st Day of March 1701.

And the Titles of the said Extract, and Translations, were read.

And the said Extract, and Translations, are as follow;

viz.

The said Extract.

The Sieur Councillor Pensionary Hcinsiits has reported to the Assembly, That the Count dAvau.r, Ambassador Extraordinary of the most Christian King, came to him to let him know, that the Courier he had sent into France with the Propositions delivered to him by the Deputies of their High and Mightinesses, concerning the Preservation of the publick Peace, and the Security of these States, being returned, has brought Orders to the Count dAvaux, to tell the Sieur Councillor Pensionary, That his most Christian Majesty, to shew his Inclination for Peace, was ready to renew the Treaties of Ryswiek, made in the Year 1697; and that the said Count d'Avaux had desired him to make Report thereof, and desire an Answer thereupon as soon as possible: Whereupon, Deliberation being had, it was thought good, and agreed, to require and give Order to the Sieur A Essen, and other Deputies of their High and Mightinesses for foreign Affairs, to impart and communicate the same to Mr. Stanhope, Envoy Extraordinary of his Majesty of Great Britain, and to enter into Conference with him thereupon.

Extract of the Register of the Resolutions of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Lore Countries.

Monday 4th April 1701.

After previous Deliberation, it has been thought fit, and is concluded, to require and commission the Sieur dEssen, and other Deputies of their High and Mighty Lordships for the foreign Affairs, to enter into Conference with Mr. Stanhope, the Envoy Extraordinary of his Majesty of Great Britain; and to represent to him, that as soon as their Lordships iliad Notice of the Demand made by him the said Mr. Stanhope, in another Conference, in the Name, and by the Order, of his said Majesty, that they would give the necessary Orders for fitting out the Ships of War that his Majesty might require, in case of Necessity, for his Assistance, according to the Treaties between his said Majesty and their High and Mightinesses, they immediately took care to have the said Ships equipped, so that they are, at this time, most of them ready: That their Lordships have given Orders to the Admiralties, to send those Ships, with the first fair Wind, to their Rendezvous, in order to join his Majesty's Fleet: That their Lordships having on their Side prayed his Majesty, by the Sieur Gcldtrmansen, their Envoy Extraordinary, that he w ould be pleased, in Consideration of the present J uncture of Affairs, to have in Readiness the Succour agreed on by the Treaties to be sent hither to the Assistance of their Lordships, in case they were attacked, they had understood, with great Satisfaction, the good Disposition his Majesty was in to perforin the Treaties, and consequently to send them the Assistance demanded: The Case now happening, and their High Mightinesses seeing daily more Troops approaching to their Frontiers, and the Preparations for War that are making in their Neighbourhood, they cannot but apprehend their Country may suddenly be assaulted; and that, in such Case, the time might be too short to bring over hither the said Succours with so much Expedition as Necessity might require: And as their High and Mightinesses did not only give Directions immediately for fitting out the Men of War required by his Majesty, but also ordered them to set Sail forthwith, to join his Majesty's Fleet; they hope, for the Reasons before-mentioned, his Majesty will make no difficulty to send them likewise, immediately, the 10,000 Men for their Assistance, by virtue of the Treaty of the Third of March One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven-eight: And therefore the said Deputies shall desire the said Mr. Stanhope to employ his good Offices, that the said Ten thousand Men may be sent hither, and the 'sooner the better.

The said Translation of the Envoy of the States Generals Memorial, March the 30th, 1701.

The underwritten Envoy Extraordinary of the States General of the United Provinces has received Orders to represent, with very great Respect, to your Majesty, That your Minister at the Hague having, on your Majesty's behalf, demanded, that the Ships of War, wherewith they arc obliged, by virtue of the Treaties, to assist your Majesty, might be forthwith equipped, they had immediately given the necessary Orders for that Purpose; so that most of the said Vessels are actually ready, with Directions to set Sail, and join your Majesty's Fleet, with the first fair Wind.

Their High and Mightinesses having also, on their Side, desired of your Majesty by the Underwritten, That you would be pleased, in Consideration of the present Juncture, to have in a Readiness the Succours stipulated by the Treaty of the Third of March 1677-8; and having, with

Seat Satisfaction, understood your Majesty's favourable isposition in that Matter; they have given Orders to the Underwritten to represent anew to your Majesty, That the Preparations for War daily increasing in their Neighbourhood, as well as the Number of Troops which approach their Frontiers, they think there is just Reason to apprehend they shall suddenly be attacked; in which Case, your Majesty's Succours could not arrive so soon as Necessity might require; which obliges them to desire your Majesty to send to them, without any further Delay, the Ten thousand Men stipulated by the said Treaty: And they the rather hope for it, since, on their Part, they have not only made ready the Ships of War which they are obliged to furnish, but have also actually given Order for their joining your Majesty's Fleet.

London, March 30th, 1701.

Resolved,

miration ,llic Crown.

dd brought ,iuul heard.

pply.

wkm ost , cds.

nnyn's

Uc.

jmmittfes.

adv Bolk-y's Bute.

orwich mall Debts.

bttad's

«t.

13 W. III. 310 Martii. — -\*Aprilis. 453

Resolved, That this Iloiise will, upon Wednesday enabled to take in, and let out, her own and her ChiL. Morning next, take into Consideration his Majesty's most dreu's Money, as there shall be Occasion: And the sama gracious Message. was received.'

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the House a Dill for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Captain Kidd was brought, according to Order;

lie was called in, and heard }

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Captain Kidd be remanded to the PrLon of Newgate.

Resolved That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, after his Majesty's most gracious Message taken into Consideration, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty: And that the Engineers, and Officers of the Ordnance, do then attend the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring the Trust in Lands belonging to the City of London unto new Trustees:

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Stephen Jerrnyn to make Provision for his younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisj l5 die Apr His; 13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Bulk/cy, to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Packing ton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Sir Humphrey Mackworth, Mr. Walmsly, Sir William IlusiUr, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Rawny, Sir John Kay, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Rendu,. Sir Samuel Bernadiston, Lord Fairfax, Sir Joseph Jekill, Mr. IIam-mend, Mr. Stone ho use, Sir Fran. Marsham, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Buddy; and all that serve for the County of Devon and Wales, and City of Exon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Mr. Blofield, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting a Court of Requests, or Conscience, in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for Recovery of small Debts, under Forty Shillings: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gulstcn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for naturalizing Jane Barkstcad Widow; and vesting several Mortgages and Securities for Part of her late Husband's Estate in her; whereby she may be Vot, 13.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act Sale of or vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in South Lands in Pickenham, and other Places, in the County of Norfolke, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to such and the same Uses as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled; w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Edwards Gentleman, was pre- Edwards' sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Alice Deeiee ial Bromwich Widow, deceased, by her last Will, dated Chancery; the 12th of Juby 1689, after some small Legacies, gave her personal Estate unto her Two Son's-in-law, Sir Frauds Charlton Baronet, and Roger Pope junior, Esquire, in Trust for the Children, Males and Females, of her Two Daughters, Dame Dorothy Wife of the said Sir Frauds, and Elizabeth Wile of the said Roger Pope; and made the said Roger Pope, Executor; and soon after died: Pursuant to which Trust, Sir Francis, and Mr. Pope, did purchase a Messuage and Lands in the County of Chester, and by Indenture Sextipartitc, dated i° Septem-bris 1691, settled the same, to answer the said Trust:

That some of Mrs. Broomwic/is Debtors proving insolvent, Mr. Pope was forced to borrow 450/. to make up the Purchase-money; and prevailed with the Petitioner, and Edward Bicker ton, to be bound for it; and by Indenture Quinquepartite, dated 30° die, Sept. 1697, and by another Quadrupartite, dated 1die Nov. 1697, the said purchased Premises are mentioned to be assigned to the Petitioner for raising the said 450/. and indemnifying him in what lie did relating to the Trust; and the Residue of the said Trust Estate was to be disposed of in Performance of the WTill: But, in regard of the Precedency of the said Sextipartite Deed before the said Tw o other Deeds, the Petitioner could not sell the said Estate; and therefore preferred his Bill in Chancery against the said Sir Francis and his Wife, Blundell Chari-ton Esquire their Son, the said Roger Pope, and others; to which they answered; and the Case heard before the Master of the Rolls; and decreed, That the Premises should be sold to the best Purchaser, to be allowed by Mr. Pitt the Master, and all Parties concerned, to join in the Sale; and the Money arising, in the First Place, applied to pay the said 450/. to the Petitioner, and the said Roger Pope the Executor, with all other Monies by them disbursed, in relation to the said Trust; together with Costs of Suit; and the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, to be applied according to the Direction of the said Will: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Decree, and all the Matters and Things therein decreed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gower and Mr. Mitton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Leigh, Mr. Halford, Mr. Proby, Members Mr. Elans, Mr. Mompcsson, be added to the Committee, who were appointed to search Precedents in relation to a what has been done where Members w^ere absent in so- reign Parts.

A Petition of Richard Bigg Gentleman, and Finances Bigg's his Wife, one of the Daughters of Matthew Lister Es- Estate* quire, and the said Matthew Lister Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Mr. Biggi having settled an Estate in Hertfordshire upon Trustees, for the Use of himself for Lite, liable to the Payment, after his Life, to 60/. annually, to Frances his said Wife for Life, for her Jointure; with Remainders over to the First and other Sons in Tail Male; the Petitioner, Mr-

Lister9

Arthurs

Nut.

Fawconer's

Estate.

Lessening the Number of Attoniies.

Resumption ol Grants.

Deane's

Estate.

i® Aprilis. A. 1701*

Lister, did convey to the said Trustees an Estate of Two hundred and Eighty Pounds per Annum, after the Decease of himself and Wife; as to One Fourth Part thereof to the Use of Mr. Bigg and his Wife for Life; and then to the Issue of that Marriage: That Mr. Bigg, by great Losses, is involved in great Debts, and no way able to discharge, the same, but by raising Money on the

Hertfordshire.....: And praying Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill to iuipower the said Trustees to raise Fifteen hundred Pounds upon the said Hertfordshire Estate, to pay oft"the said Mr. Bigg's Debts; and also to impower him to relinquish his Estate for Life, in the Fourth Part of the other Fstate, for the Benefit of such Person to whom the Estate is limited in Remainder by the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Kay and the Lord Fairfax, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Archibald Arthur was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Heir to Thomas Parker, deceased, is intitled to several Lands in the County of Essex, and is in quiet Possession of the same; and, intending to make a Settlement thereof, is informed he cannot safely do the same, being born in Holland: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; and for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Paelcinglon, and Mr. Monckton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and

Sir Richard Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to John Fazcconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold lor Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hammond, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for lessening the Number of Attoniies and Solicitors; and for regulating their Practice: And the same was received.

A Petition of Henry Washington Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, by Letters Patents, dated the 19th Day of December, in the 11 th Year of his Majesty's Reign, having purchased of his Majesty some Lands in the County of Berks, for which he paid 350/. the full Value thereof:. And praying a proper Saving, for his Case, may be inserted in the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February. 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill is committed.

A Petition of James Deane, Son and Heir of John Deane, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That upon the Petitioner's Marriage, in 1683, with Jane the Daughter of John Bowles, the Petitioner's Father did settle the Capital Messuages, Farm, and Lands, in Oxemvord, and elsewhere, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, Part upon himself for Life; and the Remainder thereof, and also the rest of the said Estate, upon the Petitioner, and his said Wife, for Life; and to the Heirs Males of the Body of the Petitioner on the said Jane; with Remainders over: That the said Estate being incumbered by the Petitioner's Father; and he, and the Petitioner and his Wife, being enabled by Law, to bar as well the Estates for Life, as

the said Estate Tail, and Remainders thereupon; a new Settlement was made the 7th of June 1694, whereby Part of the Estate was limited to the Petitioner s Father for Life; Remainder to certain Persons, to secure 1,000l. then owing thereon, and yet unpaid; Remainder to the Petitioner and his Wife for Life; with other Remainders over: That there is a Term of 500 Years limited in the said Settlement to secure 2,000l. for the Petitioner's younger Children: That the whole Estate is not above 150/. per Annum, and out of Repair; and is charged with 40/. per Annum to the Petitioner's Father's W idow for Life: That the Petitioner's Father and Wife are dead; and the Estate not more than sufficient to pay the Interest of the Mortgage-money: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate; and securing the Monies raised thereby for the Benefit of the Petitioner, and his Family, according to the Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Cornbury, and Mr. Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

C'

p

A Petition of William Start ell, Alderman of the City Anuj-DeK of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1691, did provide several Utensils for the Train of Artillery, amounting to 257/. 16s. 6d-; without which the Train of Artillery could not have marched to Athlone; and was promised present Payment by the then Lords Justices; and, having been out of his Money for Ten Years, is thereby become a great Sufferer: And praying the said Money may be paid, with some Allowance for his being so kept thereout.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the Fact to the House.

A Petition of Nathanael Booth Esquire'was presented Booth'sCli to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- House tioner's House, called Gray Fryars, in the City of Chester, by was, upon the Reduction of Ireland, by Warrant from* Duke Schomberg to the Mayor of the City, converted into an Hospital for the Use of his Majesty's sick Soldiers; by which he received great Damages: And praying the said Hospital Accounts may be laid before the Commissioners of Accounts, or he otherwise relieved in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the Fact to this House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Captain Jaynes Thrilcott, and Ensign Army Antony Staynpe, was presented to the House, and read; Arrears setting forth, That the Petitioners served in the Earl of Roscommon s Regiment in Ireland, till it was incorporated into Major General Earl's Regiment; and that them is Pay due to them for their Services: And praying the Petitioners may be paid what is due to them, and be inserted with the rest of the Officers, which are already established under Half-pay.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the Fact to this House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Kinver, in the County Woollen of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting RJ*nu, iiC* forth, That of late theic hath been a very great Decay tum* of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, by the secret Importation of Wool into France, out of the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Suffolk, notwithstanding the Vessels and Men appointed tu look after the same:

And praying this House will take effectual Care to prevent the same for the future.

Ordered,

Limitation of ' the Crown.

Answer to Address.

State of the

Nation — Partition Treaty.

Earl of Portland im* peached.

Partition

Treaty.

*5 w.m.

jlprilis.

465

Ordered, That the Consideration! of thfe said Petition referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufactures.

A Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would please to give Order, That Captain Kidd may be proceeded against according to Law; his Majesty has been pleased to give the necessary Directions for the Tryal of the said Captain Kidd.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Nation, and of the Treaty of Partition, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Earl of Portland, by negotiating and concluding the Treaty of Partition, which was destructive to the Trade of this Kingdom, and dangerous to the Peace of Europe, is guilty of an High Crime and Misdemeanor.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That William Earl oi Portland, by negotiating and concluding the Treaty of Partition, which was destructive to the Trade of this Kingdom, and dangerous to the Peace of Europe, is guilty of a High Crime.and Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That William Earl of Portland be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Sir John Leoeson Gozver do go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons, and of all the Commons of England, impeach William Earl of Portland of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House will, in due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the same.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment against William Earl of Portland:

And it is referred to Mr. Finch, Mr. Haw, Sir Christopher Musgi'ave, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Godfrey Copley, Doctor Davenant, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Powis, Sir William Coryton, Lord Mordaunt, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Leveson Gower, Mr. Attorney General, Colonel Granville, Mr. St. John, Sir Humphrey Mackworth, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Bartholomew Shower, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hammond, Sir Rowland Gwynne.

And Sir John Leveson Gower went up to the Lords, with the said Impeachment

Sir John Leveson Gower reported, That he had been at the Lords, according to Order; and, at their Bar, had impeached William Earl of Portland of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquainted them, That this House will, in due Time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the same.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords? upon the Matters relating to the Treaty of Partition.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do go up to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr. St. John reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, accordingly, Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment, do manage the aid Conference.

Vo L. 13.

Ordered, That the Consideration how this House will charge of further proceed, with relation to the Crimes, whereof Bribery Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, stands convicted before el"benfa this House, be adjourned until this Day Sevennight. Member/

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701,

Prayers.

A BILL for erecting a Corporation in the Parish of St. James,

St. James, Westminster, for Relief of the Poor of Westminster that Parish, and setting them on Work, was read the Poor‘

First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Managers, appointed for the Con- Conference ference with the Lords, do withdraw into the Speaker s with Lords. Chamber, and draw up what is to be offered at the said Conference.

The House being informed, That the Commissioners Seizures of for preventing the Exportation of Wool attended; W90I.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, Sir Gabriel Roberts, and other Commissioners, presented to the House an Account of the several Seizures made by the Officers deputed by the Commissioners to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and their several Appraisements, Compositions, and Prosecutions thereupon; and how the King's Part of such Seizures have been disposed of, and now stand, since the Tenth Day of July 1698.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The Account itself is bound up with the Papers of this Sessions.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do take care, that Mr. A Person in Whittacre, in his Custody, be, from* time to time, brought Custody to to attend the Committee appointed to inquire into his Jj* J Behaviour since he has been in the Employment of Soli- mina[iou*a~ citor of the Admiralty, as the Committee shall direct.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plan- American tations do lay before this House an Account of what Plantations. Complaints have been made to them, in relation to the Trade, or Courts of Justice, in the several Plantations in America, whether in the Proprietory Governments, or elsewhere; and what they have done thereupon.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Receipt of the interest paid Exchequer do lay before this House an Account of what to Navy Money hath been paid for Interest, either to the Treasurer Treasurer, of the Navy, or Treasurer of the Army, or their Agents or Instruments, since the Thirteenth Day of February *688.

A Petition of Colonel John Bucan was presented to Army the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, Arrears, commanding a Regiment of Foot on the English Establishment during the late War, did appoint one William Graham to be his Agent; by virtue of which Appointment the said Graham, and by his Order and Direction, one Mr. Godfrey Webster, have each of them got great Sums of the publick Money into their Hands, which did belong to the said Regiment, and refuse to come to any Account; And praying this House to impower the Commissioners for stating the Debts due to the Army, or appoint a Committee, to examine the Accounts of the said Graham and Webster, and relieve the Petitioner.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of 6 G Accounts,.

4 66

2° — 3°

A. 1701

Conference with Lords.

Hinde's

Petition.

Accounts, to examine the A Tatter of the said Petition; and report the Fact to this House.

Colonel Granville reported, That the Managers ap* pointed to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up what is to be offered at the Conference with the Lords, had drawn up the same accordingly, and directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

It appearing by your Lordship's Journal, That your Lordships have received Information of some Transactions between the Earl of Portland and Mr. Secretary Vernon, relating to the Partition of the Spanish Monarchy, the Commons, having the said Matter under their Consideration, desire your Lordships will be pleased to communicate to the Commons, what Informations your Lordships have had of any Transactions relating to any Negotiations, or Treaties of Partition, of the Spanish Monarchy, by Letters or otherwise; and the Commons are fully assured, That your Lordships will readily concur in assisting them in this Inquiry, which they conceive absolutely necessary for the Safety and Honour of this Kingdom, and the Preservation of the Peace of Europe.

A Petition of Hinde was presented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Conference with Lords.

lung's Message considered.

Address for carrying on the Negotiations.

Supply.

Then the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Colonel Granville reported, That they had attended the Conference, and offered what the House had directed.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Message upon Monday last: And the same was again read.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the humble Advice of this House be given to his Majesty, to desire, That his Majesty will be pleased to carry on the Negotiations, in Concert with the States General, and take such Measures therein, as may most conduce to their Security; and that his Majesty will pursue the Treaty made with the States General the Third of March 1677; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will effectually enable him to support the said Treaty of 1677.

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take into Consideration the enabling his Majesty to make good the Treaty with the States General of the Third of March 1677.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

JVIr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they liad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply ta be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 3* die

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Widow;

and vesting several Mortgages and Securities, for Part of her late Husband's Estate, in her; whereby she may be enabled to take in and let out her own, and her Children's Money, as there shall be Occasion; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bai ksteadV

Nau

Petition A Petition against the Lord Portmore was presented

against Lord to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, Portmore. withdrawn.

A Bill for vesting the Estate of Lucretia Tipping, an Tipping'* Infant, in Trustees, upon her Marriage under Age, in Fmate. order to the Sale thereof' for a Portion upon such Marriage, and a Settlement to be made accordingly, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Sir Jirilliam York, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Onslowe, Mr.

Mompesson, Mr. Bosccnion, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Ette-

rickc, Mr. Weston, Sir James Howe, Sir Charles Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Palmes, Sir John -

daunt, Mr. Mounstnens, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lawson,

Sir Humphry Mackrworih, Mr. Howe, Mr. Paget, Sir John Bolls, Mr Dyot, Sir John Kaye, Mr. , Mr.

Anderton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Be re, Mr. OjJhy, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Sir thorp, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Bolter,

Mr. Onslowe, Mr. England, Mr. Brener, Mr.

ton, Colonel Stringer, Mr. King, Mr. Long, Mr.

Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Gott, Mr. Yaand all that serve for Leicestershire, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, and Gloucestershire: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Aftemoou in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pagit, according to Order, presented to the Regulating House a Bill for regulating, and making more useful, the Militia. Militia of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Mr. Dolben, according to Order, presented to the Tythes of House a Bill for preventing ^Multiplicity of vexatious Lead Ore. Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead Ore, in the County of Derby: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Sale of the Estate of William Davison Esquire, Davison's deceased, for Payment of Debts, and raising his Children s Estate. Portions charged thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Blu-feild, Mr. Lampton, Sir Theoph. , Mr. IVyti-

nington, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Laicson, Sir William Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Palmes,

Air. Bridges, Mr. Etterick, Sir John Air,

Bridgman, Mr. Fuller; and all that serve for Yorkshire, Northamptonshire, and Durham: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jermyn's to enable Stephen Jermyn to make Provision for his EaUte-younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Fairfax reported from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Petitions of the poor Prisoners in several Gaols Deblor*' were referred, That they had examined the Alatters

thereof,

13 W. III. 30 Apri467

thereof, and were well satisfied with the Truth of the to support and maintain the Treaty made with the States Premises; and had come to a Resolution, which they General the Third ot March One thousand Six hundred directed him to report to the House; which he read in and Seventy-seven.

his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Ta- The said Resolution being read a Second time; hie: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, raittee in the said Resolution, That a Supply he granted That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a llill for to his Majesty, to enable him to support and maintain , the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt. the Treaty made with the States General the Third of

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Rill for March One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven.

Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt: And that the Lord

Fairfax, and Sir Samuel Bernardiston, do prepare, and Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Arrears of bring in, the Rill. House an Account of what Arrears are standing out,

upon any, Taxes, Aids, or Supplies, granted since his Supply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Majesty's Accession to the Crow n; ana in w hose Hands

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the same doth remain, or upon whom the same are set to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his insuper: And also,

Majesty, the Resolution which tlrey had directed him to A Certificate of Money paid into the Exchequer on report to the House; which he read in his Place; and the Second Two Shillings Aid, to the First of April One afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the thousand Seven hundred and One, inclusive, same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.And the Titles thereof were read.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the said Account, and Certificate, are as fol-That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable him low; viz.

An ACCOUNT of what Arrears are standing out upon Taxes, Aids, or Supplies, granted since his Majesty's Accession to the Crown; and in whose Hands the same doth remain, or upon whom the same are set insuper; viz.

Cambridge and Ely.

John Mason, Receiver General for the Aid granted for the Year 1698, in Arrear - For the Third Quarterly Poll for the Year 1698, in Arrear - For the Rates and Duties on Houses, for Three Years, ended at Lady-day 1699, in Arrear For Marriages, Rirths, &c. for Four'Years, ended at Lady-day 1699, Arrear

£ s. d.

- 3,419 14 51

- 5,053 12 5i

- 9'9 8 2

- 393 5 0

The Total 9,791 o 1

This Debt of Nine thousand Seven hundred Ninety-one Pounds and One Peny is agreed

to be paid by Mr. Mason % Security, Sir John Conyers, and others, within Three Months.

Norfolk.

Augustine Briggs and Leonard Blofeild, Receivers General for the Duties on Houses, for Three

Years, ended at Lady-day 1699, in Arrear ——

Memorandum: Mr, Blojeildis upon his Accounts before the Auditors for all the other Taxes, for which he was Receiver.

Norfolk.

Augustine Briggs, in Arrear on the One Shilling Aid 1697 - -

For the Subsidies granted 1697, in Arrear -

For the Aid granted 1698, in Arrear -

For the Third Quarterly Poll, granted 1698, in Arrear ——

5J91 10 2

L521 13 2

200 o11 6,907 14 6|

4,465 12 6

The Total 18,286 11 5

This Debt of Eighteen thousand Two hundred Eighty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five-pence, Process k issued against the Receiver, and his Security.

Southampton.

Thomas Cobb, Receiver General of the Fourth Four Shillings Aid, granted in the Year 1696,1 in Arrear ----- ----- --- -J

For the Subsidies granted 1697, in Arrear ——

4,536 18 6 72 14 31

The Total 4,609 12 94.

Memorandum: Process was directed to issue against the Receiver; but, be alleging some Duplicates were wanting, ordered a Stay of Process, till the First Day of next Term.

King's Houshold.

Earl of Bradford, Receiver of the Second Three Shillings Aid, granted 1698, in Arrear - - 5,197 0 0

For the Third Three Shillings Aid, granted 1699, in Arrear ----- - 4,997 o o

The Total 10,194 o o

Chester, County and City.

Morgan Whitley, Receiver General for the Rate and Duties of Marriages, Births, &c. Four Years, ended at Lady-day 1699, in Arrear ——

For the Rates and Duties on Houses, ended at Lady-day 1699, for Three Years, in Arrear

For the Third One Shilling Aids and Subsidies, granted 1697, in Arrear -

For the Second Three Shillings Aid and Subsidies, granted 1698, in Arrear -

For the Third Quarterly Poll, granted 1698, in Arrear ——

forj

VOL. 13.

438 9 6

5,737 8 2

>,475 6 4

2,378 10 2

2,300 0 0

Arrears

Taxes.

468

3" Aprilis.

A.

North Walts.

The said Morgan Whitley, Receiver General for the Rates and Duties on Marriages, Births, &c.*) for Four Years, ended at Lady-day 1699, in Arrear ' - - - - -J

For the Rates and Duties on Houses, ended at Lady-day 1699, for Three Years, in Arrear For the Third One Shilling Aids and Subsidies, granted 1697, in Arrear - For the Second Three Shillings Aid, granted 1698, in Arrear - For the Third Quarterly Poll, granted 98, in Arrear -

1701.

1.717 Q 0

5,824 0 0 9,000 0 0 7.050 0 0 1,800 0 0

Total, by Estimate 37,838 14 2

This Received craves Allowances for the Deficiencies of the Coin, [his own *] and Collectors and Commissioners Clerks Salaries, and for the Arrears of the aforesaid Taxes uncollected, and his Charges for bringing up Money by Guard, for all the Time he was Receiver; amounting, in the Whole, to 21,838/. 11s. 1 \d.: Which being deducted from the said estimated Sum of 37,838/. 14s. 2 d.there will remain 16,000l. 35. 0id. But how much of the said Cravings will be allowed by the Auditors, upon passing his Accounts, is uncertain. Memorandum: The Charge set upon this Receiver is by Estimate, by reason there are very few Duplicates returned; but the Charge will now very speedily be ascertained, there being an Officer sent, on purpose, into Cheshire, and North Wales, at least Three Months since, in order to bring up the said Duplicates, to make certain the Charge upon the Receiver.

Stafford.

Thomas Spendelaw, Receiver General of the Third Three Shillings Aid, granted 1699, in')

Arrear - - , - - - -j

Process of the Exchequer is issued against him, and his Security, for the said Sum of 4,369/.

York.

Ralph Williamson, late Receiver of the Second Three Shillings Aid, granted 1698, in Arrear -

Durham and Northumberland.

Ralph Williamson, late Receiver of the Second Three Shillings Aid, granted 1698, in Arrear -

Memorandum: The said Receiver General hath very near as much Money due for his extraordinary Disbursements, for several Years last past, about his Receipt.

The rest of the Receivers of the Taxes for the several Counties, not herein mentioned, have passed, or are upon, their several Accounts with their respective Auditors.

Supers on the 3 5. per Libr 9* ct io* Regis.

Civil' Exon', eConi Devon'.. Nicolas Elvill and Robert Burridge ——

Paroch. de Stoke Damerill, in Hundredo de Roborough ——

Paroch'de Shawbrok, in West-Budley -Hatcomb, extra Paroch. in Wong ford -

Warwick', et Civil. Coventry.

Johannes Andrews, sup' tot' Coni -

Coni Somerset', et Bristol.

Carolus Browne ——

Com Surr.

Leonard Child, ct Johannes Nuthall - -

Com Lancastr'.

Gulielmus Kent, sup' tot' Vilt Leverpoole ——

‘ Tot' Fill' de Colcheth.....-

Tot'VOt de Wigan....

Tot' Vill' de Middleton ——

Tot'VHP de-Burrow, cum Burrow -

Cumberland, et Westmorland.

Thomas Brougham, sup' tot' Com'Cumbria - -

Com'

Thomas Woodcock, sup' tot ' Com '

Com Lincoln', et Civit' Lincoln'.

William Caxothorpe and Thomas Kent, sup' separaT et respect' Com

Coni Suffolk'.

Chaplyn and Pacy, sup'tot' Coni -

Com Suffolk, Chaplyn et Pacy, sup' Anto' Redhead, Operator' Monetar' apud Norwich

Com' Kane'.

Sup' tot'Coni

Sup'Fil' Nova Romney ——

Supers, on the Three Shillings Aid, Amis 10® 11* Regis.

Nottingham, super Com'Not', et Inhabitan'ejusdem defeien -

Salop, super Com Salop - -

Denbigh, super Com' Denbigh - V -

Montgomery, super Com'Montgomery - -

Merioneth, super Com'

Flint, super Coni ——

Civit'et Com Exon', sitp'Coni et Civit'

4,3^9 0 0

5,690 3 0 3,044 4 U

The Total 8,734 7 11

291 3 7 214 10 0 20 5 0 3 15 0

646 0 7{

200 0 0

70 16 4

109 6 8 11 8 11 95 »7 3 7 »3

16 0 4f

104 2 0

703 10 6

1,310 9 4

548 5 * 729 0 11

364 9 9i 6 15 0

5.453 11

H4 13 2, 101 14

414 13 I

100 5101

4 n

20 0 0

360 6 9

The Words, " his own," are supplied from the original Account.

13 W. III. 3° Aprilis.

Devon, super Cord

Chester, swper Cow*' ——

Bucks, CW ——

Civit' Canterbury, super Civit' -

Jfertf, Cowl , - - - /

Duntlni, silper Corn ——

Fi//* Cord et ViW Novi Castr sup' Tinard, Pi7f -

Somersett, CW - -

469

c s. d.

597 4 7

155 18 n*

718 5 11

29 17 4

154 H 11

205 6 6*

183 6 4

3ii 15 3

£3,629 5 2*

Memorandum: There are many Supers upon particular Persons, for Poll-money, for which Process issues every issuable Term.

A CERTIFICATE of Money paid into the Exchequer on the Two Shillings Aid, to the 1st of April 1701,

inclusive.

Counties. Receivers. Year's Charge, Payments. Arrears.

Bedford - - Hen. Whitebread 13,888 s. 0 d. 0 £ 13,080 S. 0 d. 0 £ 808 s. 0 d. 0

Berks - - - Law Ambrose - - 19,968 0 0 18,300 0 0 1,668 0 0:

Bucks - - - Hugh Norton - - 23,184 0 0 15,000 0 0 8,184 0 0

Cambridge - - Tho. Sevliard - - 1.5,968 0 0 11,000 5,668 0 0 4,968 0 0

Chester - - TI19. Austen - 13,912 0 0 0 0 8,244 0 0

Cornwall - - P ich. Tregeare - 15,554 0 0 8,200 0 0 7,354 0 0

Cumberland, &c. - - - Tho. Braugham - 3,288 0 0 1,830 0 0 1,458 0 0

Derby - - Samuel Bradshaw - 11,720 0 0 5,476 l9 8 6,244 0 0

Devon, &c. - - Ell will and Burridge - 40,172 0 0 22,500 0 0 17,672 0 0

Dorsett - - John Derby - 16,108 0 0 12,000 0 0 4,108 0 0

Durham, &c. - - Iran. Wyvill - 12,152 0 0 4,000 9 0 8,152 0 0

York - - Ditto - 44,572 0 0 37,000 0 0 7,572 0 0

Essex - — - Nath. Rich - 44,120 0 0 26,992 15 51 17,128 0 0

Gloucester - - - Richard Cocks - - 22,304 0 0 21,914 0 0 390 0 0

Hereford - - Samuel Clerk - - 9,733 0 0 8,000 0 0 1,732 0 0

Hertford - - Robert Petefs - - 20,904 0 0 12,300 0 0 8,604 0 0

Huntington - - Jeay and Dowse - 7,53<i 0 0 5,400 0 0 2,136 6,138 0 0

Kent - - - Wm. Fausset - - 40,588 0 0 34.450 0 0 0 0

Lancaster - - Wm. Kent - 10,208 0 0 5,000 0 0 5,208 0 0

Leicester - - Jarvis Bradgate - 16,960 0 0 12,400 0 0 4,56o 0 0

Lincoln - - Wm. Cawthorpe - 17,564 0 0 12,000 0 0 5,564 0 0

Lincoln - - Tho. Kent - 17,564 0 0 11,100 0 0 6,464 0 0

London - - Sir Tho. Cuddon 60,004 0 0 35,303 6 8 24,701 0 0

Middlesex and Westminster - Ditto - 84,512 0 0 53,528 0 0 30,984 0 0

Monmouth - - - Tho. Doyley - 4,732 0 0 1,700 1 11 3,032 0 0

Northampton, &c. - - Ben. Mathews - - 26,002 0 0 19,000 0 0 7,004 0 b

Norfolk - - Moselv and Browne - 19,724 0 0 15,000 0 0 4,724 0 0

Norfolk - - John Ellis - 21,456 0 0 21,000 0 0 456 0 0

Nottingham - - - John Bury - 13,268 0 0 9,000 0 0 4,268 0 0

Oxon - - - Cha. Mason - 19,096 0 0 13,700 0 0 5,396 0 0

Salop - - Geo. Hoster - 14,136 0 0 8,494 3 3 5,642 0 0

Stafford - - Wm. Burslem - - 13,192 0 0 8,000 0 0 5,'92 0 0

Somersett - - Cha. Brawne - 35,376 0 0 23,451 0 0 n,925 0 0

Southampton - Richard Cobb - - 26,864 0 0 19,000 0 0 7,864 0 0

Suffolk - - Sam. Pacey - 35,9°8 0 0 28,700 0 0 7,208 0 0

Surry - - Child and Nuthall - 32,596 0 0 24,800 0 0 7,796 0 0

Sussex - - Fren. Bromfeild - 29,588 0 0 14,090 3 7 15,498 0 0

Warwick - - John Andrews - - 19,392 0 0 13,000 0 0 6,392 0 0

Wilts - - John Child - 25,164 0 0 21,000 0 0 4,164 0 0

Worcester - - Tho. Albert - 16,392 0 0 9,870 0 0 6,522 0 0

North Wales - - Tho. Austen - 10,396 0 0 3,000 0 0 7,396 0 0

South Wales - - Geo. Howell - 10,976 0 0 4,500 0 0 6,476 0 0

King s Household - - E. Bradford - 5,196 0 0 0 0 0 5,196 0 0

£ 961,938 0 0 649,748 10 6* 312,191 0 0

Mem. Most of the Receivers, mentioned in this Certificate, have returned their Arrears, by Bills, to Town; which would have been paid before this time, had Bills received such early and punctual Payments as formerly: But, in Three Weeks or a Months time, most of those Bills will be paid.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to the House, and read; setting forth, Tjmt the late to be perused by the Members of the House. Duke of Monmouth was seised in Fee of Moore Park,

and the Lands in Cord Hertford; which, being forfeited A Petition of Anne Duchess of Bucclugh, was presented to the Crown in King James's Reign, was by him Vol. 13. 6 D granted

Arrears of Taxes.

Resumption of Grant*.

Hindon

iiiccuon.

3° Aprilis. . 170*.

47°

granted to the PetitionerThat the Petitioner being possessed ofa House, and a Pieceof Ground, in SohocSquare, for the Residue of a Term of Years, derived from the Crown, which wiH expire at Michaelmas 1734; the said King, in Consideration- that the Petitioner should finish the said House, did grant the same, and Ground, to the Petitioner for 52 Years, to commence from Michaelmas 1734 * That the Petitioner hath expended great Sums in building at Jl/eer Park, and at Sohoe: And praying a Clause may be inserted in the Bill to resume the Grants of all Lands, and other Revenues, since the Sixth Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for saving the Petitioner's Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, tire Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petitions of George Morley Esquire, and of several Inhabitants of Hindon, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Reynolds Calthrop Esquire, to serve for the said Borough of Hindon:

That the Candidates, at the said Election, were Sir James Howe, Mr. Calthrop, and the Petitioner: But the Election of Sir Janies Hemet was not drawn into Question.

Upon the Poll there was, for

Mr. Calthrop - - 70.

Mr. Morley - - 62.

That the Petitioner insisted, That the Right of Election was in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and such Inhabitants only, fis pay Scotland Lot: The Sitting Member insisted, That the Right of Election was in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants not receiving Alms.

The Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That the Law did exclude such from voting in Elections, who were not contributory to the common Charge of the Borough: And called,

Edward Lamb: Who said, That himself, his Father, and Grandfather, were born in Hindon; and that he had heard his Father and Grandfather say, That Parliament-men were to be chosen by the Lot and Scot Men; but acknowledged, that, during his time, the Inhabitants at large had voted.

That the Petitioner's Counsel produced Three Indentures of Returns; viz.

2 and 3 PA. and M.

1 Eliz.

43 Eliz.

Which mention, That the Bailiff and Burgesses had elected.

That tire Counsel for the Sitting Member insisted, That Hindon was a Borough by Prescription; and that Burgesses and Inhabitants are synonimous Terms; and that all the Inhabitants had a natural Right, unless the other Side could shew the Usage to the contrary: And, to prove the Usage to be with the SittingM ember, they called,

Robert Garrat: Who said, He had known the Elections of Parliament-men for Hindon for more than 40 Years; and that all the Inhabitants w ho did not receive Alms, have, during his time, voted in such Elections.

That the Committee, having considered the Evidence, and what had been argued by the Counsel of both Sides, came to this Resolution;

Rcsohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tliatthe Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon is in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and such Inhabitants only as pay Scotland Lot.

The Poors Rate for the Borough of Hindon was produced: And it appeared, that the Petitioner had the Majority of Voters who paid Scotland Lot.

The Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, That several Persons who had voted for the" Sitting Member had been formerly in the Poors Rate, and were of Ability, and ought to have been inserted in tire Rate; and therefore prayed they "might be allowed to them as good Voters; find offered to call Evidence as to Fact:

But that the Committee were of Opinion that they

were excluded by the former Vote, and.....not think fit to hear Evidence touching that Matter.

And, upon the whole Matter, came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Reynolds Calthrop Esquire is not duly elected a Bur-

gss to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of indon, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That George Morley Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That it be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Re-commitment, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon this Day Three Weeks.

Resolved, That the Resolution, Yesterday, of the Address tot* Advice of this House, given to his Majesty, be presented presented by to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from Leominster the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, £lecU0IL touching the Election for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow*; viz.

Upon the Petition of Edward Harley Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Dutton Colt Esquire to serve for the Borough of Leominster:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms.

That, upon the Poll, there was, for the Sitting Member, 145 Votes; for the Petitioner 116.

But the Petitioner's Counsel alleged, That upon the Heads of Persons excused from tire Window Tax, receiving Alms, Bribery, and Threats, they should take off so many from the Sitting Member's Poll, as w'ould give the Petitioner a Majority.

As to the Head of Alms; the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Mr. Jonathan Morgan, Mr. Samuel Clark, and Mr.

Henry Seward: One or more of whom testified, That Robert Williams had received Alms in Bread, in the Year 1697:

And his Wife, within a Quarter of a Year before and since the last Election:

That Thomas Spencer, or his Daughter, received the like in the Year 1697:

That James Mitchell s Children goconstantly abegging:

That James Badland's Children did the like:

That Miles Gittos Wife has received Alms about Four Months since; and Gitto said, He must vote for Mr.

Colt, because he kept him from starving:

That Rice Price's Children have received Charity at a Funeral since Christmas:

That Thomas Badnege's Children are kept by the publick Charity of the Town; and Badnege told him, That

Caswell

13 W. I1L 3° Aprilis. 471

Caswell had promised Kim to be his Friend, as long as he there with that Duty, who were afterwards discharged by voted for Mr. Colt. the Justices; viz. Mr. Caswell senior, Mr. Edward Bang-

That William Hooper's Children have received Charity within a Quarter of a Year:

That John Noi'man, and his Wife, have received Charity:

That Richard Bakers Wife and Apprentice have received Charity, ..... believes, since the Election:

That William Phillips' Wife has received Charity since the Election; and his Children did beg before and since the Election:

That John Taylor's Children have received Charity since the Election:

That William Carteret's Children have begged Forty times within these Two Months; and that he had not voted for Mr. Colt, but for Justice Bangham, who drank him hard that Night, and kept him till next Day he came to vote for Mr. Colt; and that there were Forty more at the same time:

That Richard Smith's Wife has received publick Alms before and since the Election:

That Richard Caswell's Wife has received Alms before and since the Election; and said, He must vote for Mr. Colt, for he had sent him a Piece of Beef and Six-pence against Christmas:

That Stephen Taylers Wife has received Alms before and since the Election:

That John Price's Wife and Daughter have received publick Alms in 1697:

That John Watchman's Wife has received Charity both before and since the Election; and said, though he was in the Poors Rate, he was told he should be excused several Taxes, if he would vote for Mr. Colt:

That Samuel Tylors Wife has received Charity within Three Months:

That the Witnesses could not deny but the Persons they gave Evidence of, were in the Poors Rate.

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That the Assessment was made in favour of the Sitting Member.

And, as to that Matter, it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Seward, Mr. Caleb Powell, Mr. Spencer, Richard Vaughan, and Mr. Clark;

That the Lew n, or Poors Rate, is made about Easter: And Seward and Powell said, Several were left out of the present Lewn, that were in before; and that neither Mr. Harley nor Mr. Colt was present when it was made; but the Magistrates of the Town appeared to be Friends of Mr. Colt's, and the Assessors signed the Lewn between Twelve and One a Clock at Night: And it was likewise testified, That, upon Complaint, some were put in; and afterwards Mr. Harley signed the Lewn.

That Mr. Harley desired a Copy of the Lewn of Mun the Overseer; which he allowed Mr. Harley's Man to write; but, before he had finished it, the said Mun took the Lewn from him, and refused to let Mr. Harley have a Copy, without paying Five Shillings, which, he said, was his Fee for it: That, afterwards, Caleb Powell demanded a Copy of the Lewn, producing the Order of the Committee for it; but Mun said, He did not value the Order, and he should not have it: Yet afterwards Mun came to Mr. Powel's House, desiring to speak with him in the Morning; and he, being a-bed, bid his Wife ask the said Mun his Business; and, if he had the Lewn, to leave it; but Mun went away, and did not leave the Lewn.

That, as to the Matter in relation to the Window Tax, it was insisted, by the Petitioners Counsel, That, by the Statute for laying a Duty upon Houses, the Dwelling-houses of such Persons, as, by reason of their Poverty, are exempted from paying to Church and Poor, are discharged from the Duties granted by that Act: And that the Magistrates of Leominster had, to gain Votes for Mr. Colt, excused 52 Persons from paying to the said Tax: And, for that, they called Mr. John Burt: Who said, He was Deputy Surveyor of the Window Tax last Year at Leominster; and that, about August was Twelve-months, be had charged 52 Persons Vo L. 13.

ham, Mr. Thompkins, and Mr. Thomas Price the Town Clerk; of which Persons Names he delivered in a List.

And, as to the ill Practice in discharging the aforesaid Persons; they called William Henner: Who said, That Mr. Colt had asked him for his Voice, and he bad denied him twice; and that, afterwards. Justice Bangham, and some others, sent for him by the Serjeant of the Town, and asked for his Vote for Mr. Colt; and asked him if he paid to the Light-money; to which he answered, that he did: The said Justice Bangham said, He would ease him of it, if he would vote for Mr. Colt.

William Davis said, That Mr. Colt asked him for his Vote; and he told him, He had promised it: Afterwards Mr. Colt and Mr. Bangham, and he, were together; and Mr. Bangham asked him for his Vote; and Mr. Colt said, There is Ten Shillings Light-money to pay, and now is the Time to help yourself, and, if you have Occasion, make use of me: However, he acknowledged he had but Five Windows, and was never charged to that Tax. That, as to Matter of Bribery;

Somersett Phillips, who voted for Mr. Harley, said. Going along, he met Mr. Colt, who asked him how Business went in the Court; who saying, He thought pretty well, Mr. Colt turned back, and told him, He would give him Two Guineas, if he would not vote that Day; but he must swear not to divulge it: Yet he acknowledged, he haci not spoke with Mr. Colt before that Time.

That the Petitioner's Counsel then applied themselves to take off, from the Sitting Member, several bribed: And called

Mr Weaver, Mr. Seward: Who said, That John Howell had promised Mr. Harley his Vote before the Dissolution of the last Parliament; and, Three or Four Days before the last Election, M r. Harley met the said Howell, and told him, He hoped he would be as good as his Word; but Howell said, He could not be for him, because Mr. Colt had paid him a desperate Debt, which had been a long while owing to him by one at Bristol; and that Howell did not deny, That he had said so at the Election; and Mr. Colt then owned, he had put it into an Attorney's Hand to sue for.

Mr. Clerk and John Whittington said, Richard Bas-kercille, being charged with promising his Vote to Mr. Harley, owned it; but said, Mr. Colt bad bought his Voice: However, when he came to poll, he was taxed with it, and denied it.

Mr. Seward said, That, the Friday Night before Christmas, Mr. Colt, Mr. Bangham, and others, were drinking in BaskeroilTs House; and Mr. Colt paid Ten Shillings, and said there was Two Shillings to drink when he was gone; and Mr. BaskeiviU declared, he had got Three Pound, and more, by Mr. Colt; and that was as much as his Vote was worth.

That, John Walton being told by him, That he hoped the said Walton would be for Mr. Harley, as he had promised; he excused himself, saying, He owed his Lord 8/. who had threatened to sue him; and that Mr. Bangham had promised to lay it down, and so he must vote for Mr. Colt; and the said Walton did not deny it at the Poll.

Mr. Seward and John Powell said, That John Vale told Mr. Powell, If he would give him up a Bond of 5/. he would vote for Mr. Harley, otherwise he could make a better Hand of it; but he did not vote for Air. Harley: And Mr. Powell said, That, next Day, the said Vale came and paid the whole Debt, for which he would have taken Twenty Shillings.

Mr. Caleb Powell said, That, after the Election was over, he met Edward Deane; who said, He would have voted for Air. Harley \ but, being low, Mr. Bangham let him have Forty Shillings of Air. Colt's Money, and lent him Forty Shillings more: The said Deane signed the Petition.

Mr. John Alderne said, That Rees Frees was at big House, and he asked his Vote for Mr. Hailey, but he said, Frees said he spoke too late; for Mr. Bangham had

obliged

Leominster

Election.

Lfeominster

Election.

47$ 3 d 1701.

obliged him to be for the Lord (Jonlngsby and Mr. Colt; and he said, Prees told him, Mr. Harley's Friends had refused to lend him Money; and Mr. Bangham had lent him Thirty or Forty Shillings.

Richard Hodges and Mr. Caleb Powell said, That Thomas Martin told Mr. Harley, Thatif he would pay Three Pound, which one David Powell owed him, he would vote for him; but Mr. Harley said, That, if he had a Hundred Votes, he would not give him a Peny.

Mr. Alderne said, That, Two or Three Months before the Election, young Seward told him, That he was sorry he could not vote for Mr. Harley, because he owed Mr. Bangham some Money, who had obliged him to vote for Mr. Colt, otherwise his Inclinations were for Mr. Harley.

And Mr. Henry Sexcard said, That young Seward told him he was a JVeobly Man, and would vote for him that would give him most Money.

Mr. Caleb Powell testified, That Thomas Vale owned, that he had promised Mr. Harley his Vote; but could not be as good as his Word, because Mv. Bangham, and the Magistrates, had taken him off from the Window Tax, and several other Taxes.

He gave the like Evidence as to Jonathan Baker.

Mr. Clerk said, That Thomas Newton told him, If he voted for Mr. Harley, the Magistrates would put Offices and Taxes upon him; and that William Bubb told him, That he did not vote for Mr. Harley, because Mr. Bang-ham had given him 18 d. or 20 d. and had excused him the Window Tax; and that, if he voted for Mr. Harley, he should have Offices put upon him.

Mr; H. Seward said, That, about Three Days before the Election, he asked John Bach who he was for; and the said Bach told him, When Mr. Colt was in Town, he was kind to him, and the Magistrates were also for Mr. Colt, and he durst not go against the Magistrates.

Mr. Weaver said, That Jonas Child, sells Ale at Leominster; and that he asked the said Child, If he had promised his Vote to Mr. Colt; and the said Child told him, That Mr. Harley was an honest Gentleman; but he had promised his Vote to Justice Bangham, who had promised to take ..... oft' from the Church and Poor, and the1 Land Tax; and for that Reason he must be for Mr. Colt.

That, as to Threats;

Mr. Seward said, That John Banister, being asked his Vote for Mr. Harley, said, He would be for him, but that he was a Servant to the Magistrates, and should be turned out of his Office.

Mr. Caleb Powell said, That John Lloyd had often declared a Kindness for Mr Harley-, but the said Lloyd told him, there was an Order of Sessions to take away his Licence, upon Pretence of his being drunk; and he was told, if he would be for Mr. Colt, he should have it again:

And a Copy of the Order of Sessions was produced.

Mr. Seward said, That John Morris, before the Election, had declared, That he would vote for Mr. Harley; but afterwards said he durst not; for he had been suppressed Two Years, and the Magistrates would min him upon the Statute.

Mr. Clerk said, He was at Thomas Cove's; who said he must vote for Mr. Colt, because he would never vote against the Magistrates; for they would suppress him for the least Fault, and then he was ruined.

Mr. Caleb Powell said, He asked John Greenly why he would vote against Mr. Harley', and the said Greenly said, He did not design it, but he was satisfied he should lose his Place of Serjeant, if he did vote for him.

Mr. Seward said, One Day since the Election, talking with John Baisey, the said Baisey said, That he had several Neighbours with him the Night before the Election; and that the Magistrates called them up at Four a Clock in the Morning, and gave them a Pot and Pipe, and then brought them out to vote; and the said Baisey said, Mr. Bangham and Mr. Colt had Money enough, and he had 5 /. left to go on with the Cause.

That Francis Erne said, lie kept a Smith s Shop by Leave of the Magistrates; and, if he did not go with ‘them, he must pull down his Shop.

Mr. Powell said, That, some time since the Election, he met John Vaston, and asked him why he would be worse than his Word to Mr. Harley; and the said Vaston answeis ed, He could not help it, because otherwise the Magistrates would pull down his Sign, he selling Ale.

Northgrave said, That before the last Parliament was dissolved, he was at Dick's Coffee-house; and there asking how Mr. Harley stood at Leominster, the said Caswell answered, But indifferently; for Mr. Colt was put up by the Magistrates; and he said he would return Mr. Colt, and let Mr. Harley dispute it in the House.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member first applied themselves to answer the Exceptions made by the Petitioner; and then pursued the Method taken by the Petitioner; and excepted to the Petitioner's Voters, upon the Four Heads of Almsmen, Window Tax, Bribery, and Threats.

That, as to the Sitting Member's Voters excepted to, on the Account of receiving Alms; they called

Richard Nicholson, Francis Steed, and James Mathews: And it appeared, by one or more of their Evidence, That Robert Williams had paid Six-pence a Year to the Poor, for Fifteen or Sixteen Years; and rents Thirty or Forty Shillings a Year:

That Thomas Spencer has Three Pound a Year, Freehold; and has voted for Knights of the Shire, for Nine or Ten Years:

That James Mitchell's Circumstances were but low, and he had been a Soldier in Flanders; but he rented Four Pound a Year, and had an Estate of Seven Pound a Year: It was acknowledged his Children were unruly, and did beg sometimes, though corrected for it; and he was come away for Debt:

That James Badland rents Four Pound a Year, and has been Constable, and pays to the Poor:

That Nicolas Git to rents Three Pound a Year, and pays to the Rate:

That Rees Prees rents Ten Pound a Year, and has Four or Five Pound a Year of his own:

That Thomas Badnage lives in a House worth Seven Pound a Year, and has a Mortgage upon it, of Fourscore Pounds: But it was acknowledged, that Badnages Wife's Children, by a former Husband, did go from him about Half a Year since, and have , asked Charity.

Piliph Mun said, That he took William Cooper to be a substantial Man.

Jon. Davis said, That John Norman is a Carpenter, and maintains his Family well, and pays Tw enty Shillings a Year, Rent.

Richard Nicholson said, That Richard Bakei' has a Freehold of Forty Shillings a Year, and rents Six Pound a Year; his Children get their own Living, and he has a Provision of Corn and Hogs.

Jon. Davis said, That William Phillips has a Freehold of Fifty Shillings a Year:

That John Taylor is a Journeyman Glover, and lives in a House of his ow n, of Thirty Shillings a Year.

Nicholson, Steed, and Mathews, said, William Carterctt has a Living of Fourteen Pound a Year; and Steed believed him to be worth Five hundred Pounds.

Jon. Davis said, That Richard Smith was a Shoemaker, and has a House of Fifty Shillings a Year, and voted for Knights of the Shire:

That Richard Caswell lives in a House of his own, of Twenty-five or Thirty Shillings a Year:

That Stephen Tyler rents about Fifty Shillings a Year: That John Price rents about Forty Shillings a Year, and ... Twenty or Thirty Pound at Use:

That John Watchman lives in a House of his own, of Four Pound a Year, and lets another of Fifty Shillings a Year:

That Samuel Taylor lives in a House of his own, about Twenty-five Shillings a Year:

That

3* Apr ills. 473

Thomas Martin said, That Richard Crocket owned he Leominster received a Guinea of Mr. Harris, by Mr* Harleys Order: Eiection* But it appeared his House was burned; towards which, also, my Lord Coningsby gave him Five Pounds*

William Phillips said, That he had Forty Shillings of Mr. Caleb Powell, who told him it was Mr. Harleys Money; and, before the Election, he told him he would give him Forty Shillings, if he would vote for Mr* Harley.

William Phillips, and John Taylor, said, That Caleb Poivtll sent for them into a Room, where were Mr.

Avenant and Samuel Taylor; and Mr. Avenant told them,

If they would vote for Mr. Harley, they should have 20 s. between them, which they received; and he would make good what Powell should promise them further: But, at the same time, they acknowledged, they never did see Mr.

Avenant before that Time, nor did promise their Votes for Mr. Harley; and both of them voted for my Lord Co* ningsby, and Mr. Colt: They did acknowledge, that there was a Report of Money left by one Mr. Crowder to his poor Relations, and they went over to the Widow; but she disowned the Relation: And by the Evidence of Jon. Davis, it appeared, That Mr. Avenant was a Gentleman of a good Estate, lived a Dozen Miles off of Leominster, and did not make an Interest for Mr. Harley at this Election; and that Taylor acknowledged, that he has been at Mr. Avenant's House, to seek Part of Mr. Crowther's Legacy.

Francis Martin said, That, at a former Election, Mr.

Powell made an Interest for Mr. Harley; and Mr. Powell and Mr. Bangham lent him Four Pounds, for which he gave them a Bond; and that he heard nothing of the Bond till this Election, when Mr. Powell told him, If he w ould vote for Mr. Harley, he w'ould give up the Bond: But he did actually vote for Mr. Colt; and, the Day after the Election, he paid the Money.

Thomas Evans said, That Mr. Samuel Clerk, who was an Agent of Mr. Harley, bid him Ten Pounds for his Vote, and to procure another for Mr. Harley; and told him, He would make up the Money the said Evans owed him Fifty Pound, and he should have it at Forty Shillings a Year Interest; and told the said Evans further, That he was a Commissioner, and he would excuse him from the Window Tax; and Mr. Powell also promised a Horse:

That the said Evans not voting for Mr. Harley, the said Clerk called upon him the next Day after the Election, and insisted upon having all his Money paid him, which was Thirty-four Pound; whereof Four Pound was only by a Note, and yet he insisted to have Interest for it: And that the said Mr. Clerk said, He would ruin him; and

when he came to vote for Mr....., Clerk shook his Hand

at him.

13 W. III.

That, as to the Persons objected to upon the Account of the Window Tax; the Answer that was given to it, was, That it was no Objection, provided they were in the Poors Lewn.

That, as to the Evidence given by the Petitioner, of Bribery; the Sitting Member's Counsel called Witnesses; viz.

Lancelot Stevens, Richard Nicholson, Geo. Camell, and Philip Mun: Who skid, That John Howell, when he came to poll, was excepted to by Mr. Weaver, as having told him, That Mr. Colt had paid him a desperate Debt, due from one at Bristoll, in Consideration of his Vote: And that, at first, he said, Howell denied that he had said so; but afterwards owned, that he had said so, and it was to get rid of their Importunity, who would have had him vote for Mr. Harley; and that the Fact was not true.

And George Caswell testified further, That the said Howell said, in Court, Mr. Weaver promised him Ten Pounds worth of Work at Amestiy~ Bridge, if he would vote for Mr. Harley.

Richard Baskervill denied, at the time of the Poll, what was charged upon him by the Clerk.

Roger Lewis said, That Edward Deane, about a Year and an Half ago, borrowed Forty Shillings of Mr. Bang-ham; and, about Three Months before the Election, came to him, to persuade Mr. Bangham to lend him Forty Shillings more; and that Mr. Bangham at first scrupled to lend it, because the Forty Shillings was not paid, but kt last lent it; and that there was no Discourse about his Vote; and that Mr. Bangham had used to lend Money to Tradesmen.

Mr. Price said, That Samuel Seward junior was bound with his Father, by Bond, dated 6th September 1699, for Payment of Seven Pounds.

That, as to John Walton, John Vale, Rees Prccs, Thomas Martin, Thomas Vale, Jonathan Baker, Thomas Newton, William Bubb, John Bach, and Jonas Child; there was no Answer to the Evidence against them: Only, as to the Evidence of Persons owning themselves to be influenced upon the Account of Taxes, the Sitting . Member's Counsel left it to the Credit of the Petitioners Witnesses;

And observed, that the Threats, given in Evidence, had not taken off any Voices.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel then proceeded to make out their Exceptions to the Petitioner s Votes: And called

John Shooter, Phil. Mun: One or both of which said, That William Davis's Daughter has had Bread several times:

That Hugh Evans has received a great many Doles: That Thomas Callowhilfs Wife has received:

That Peter Taylor's Daughter received at Christmas,... kt Whitsuntide:

That Richard Bakers Family received last Year, and this: That some of Daniel Powell's Children have received: That Thomas Richards had, last Year, Bread:

That Thomas Marstin has received this Year, Two or Three times:

That Richard Smith received last Year, and the present Year; and Jon. Davis said, He was a poor Man, and Mr. Powell's Servant:

That John Bishop has received Bread:

That Thomas Holgate has received Bread.

That, as to Persons that polled for the Petitioner, that were excused from the Window Tax;

Jon. Davis was called: Who said, he was present when the Justices struck out the Names of several Persons from paying to the Window Tax: But it appeared, that he had taken an Account of that Matter from the Surveyor, and he could not say whether they were ever charged; only he found about 41 Names in Mr. Harley's Poll, who did not pay that Tax.

That then the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded to the Point of Bribery.

Vpl. 13.

John Vaston said, That, on Friday before Christmas, Mr. Samuel Clerk met him in the Market, and desired his Vote for Mr. Harley, and gave him Half a Crown to drink Mr. Harley's Health; and his Wife said, Now is the Time to pull down the Surplice and Common Prayer: And, upon St. John's Day, the said Vaston met Mr Clerk, who desired his Vote for Mr. Harley; but he answered, He would promise none till he came to the Place: Whereupon the said Mr. Clerk told him, If he would come on the Morrow, he would rive him a new Suit of Cloaths, if he would be for Mr. Harley, and then gave him Five Shillings to drink with his Neighbours.

Thomas Badnedge said, Mr. Powell the Lawyer asked him to vote for Mr. Harley; and if he would not be for Mr. Harley, if he would go out of Town, and not give his Vote at all, he should be met with Two Horses at the Town Field, and he would lend him Ten Pound for the Year, without Interest: He acknowledged, that he lay at Mr. Bangham's House, and went thence to poll.

That, as to Menaces;

Richard Nicholson said, On the Election Eve he met with one Grub, who said, he had promised to be for Mr. Colt; but he was very uneasy; for, if he voted for Mr. Colt, he should be ruined; for he owed Mr. Weaver Ten Pound; and, if he voted for Mr. Colt, he was threatened to be 6 E arrested

Committees.

Dr. Hooper thanked.

474 ' 3 — 7'

arrested on the Election D*iy; and that Brome voted for Mr. Colt, a#d wa£ arrested.

Baptist Price said, Thajt his Landlady deprived him of his Land which he had rented of her, and she had promised to continue tp him, because he would not vote for Mr. Harley.

Pickard Philpot said, That he and Mr. Spencer discoursed about the Election; and Spencer said, If Mr. Harley had but Ten Votes, he should carry it in the Parliament House; for he was better beloved than Mr. Colt; and that Somrsett Phillips, said, He might say what he would before the Committee, for there was no Swearing.

Roger Lewis said, That, on the Election Day, Mr. Colt junior, and he, met Somrsett Phillips; who said, Will you take Two Guineas? and he, holding out his Hand, said. You will foil nobody: And Lewis said, It w'as spoke aloud.

That, for the Petitioner, to answer the Evidence in relation to Mr. Avenmt} it was insisted, That John Crow-ther had left Ten or Twenty Pounds to his poor Relations, to he distributed as his Executrix and Overseers should think fit Objects, according to their Necessities; and that Mr. Avenant was one of his Overseers.

And they produced an Extract of John Crowthers Will, by which it appeared, that there was such Legacy; and that Mr. Aoernnt was one of the Overseers of the said Crowther*s Will: And

Mr- Clark said, That, last August, Mr. Houghton of Ltyllwv tdd him, That he heard his Sister speak of some poor Relations in Leominster; and that he was told Phillips and Taylor were so; and he wrote a Letter to him, to use his Interest with thp Lady.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, that John Hutton Colt Esquire is pet duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster.

Resolved, That *t is the Opinion of this Committee, that Edward Hurley Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolvetl, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Dutton Colt Esqpjre is not duly elected a Bqrgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Eduard Harley Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend, at the next Sitting of the House, to arpend the Return for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, by rasing out the Name of John Dutton Colt Esquire, and inserting the Name of Edward Harley instead thereof.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived for this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunw, f die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ORD.ERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Hooper, Dean of Canterbury, and Prolocutor of the Lower House of Convocation, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, upon Friday last, at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that be be

Jprilis. A- 1701,

desired to pmt the some: And that Sir Edward Semmr, P

and Mr. DolbWi do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fawcooa for the vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Estal Tenements, belonging 10 John Fawconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sppond time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, acceding to Leominster Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Leo- Return minster, in the County of Hereford.

Sir John Leoeson Gower reported from the Committee, Bowjeri to whom the Bill for vesting thp Estate of Sir John Bowyer Manage in Trustees, to make a Settlement, in order to his Mar- SettfclMt riage, was committed, That they... examined the Allegations contained in the Bill, and taken the Consent of all the Parties concerned, to the Satisfaction of tbq 1 Committee: And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; sad afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. I

Mr. Qwyn9 according to Order, presented to the Mallocki House a Bill to enable the Sale of some Parts of the Estate, Estate of Rowling Mallock Esquire, deceased, for discharging the Monies, Debts, and Charges, thereupon;

And the same was received.

Mr. Offley, according to Order, presented tP the House Lord a Bill to enable the Lord Viscount KiUmoreyoi the King- Killmorc/i dom of Ireland, being an Infant, to settle diver? Manors, EsUte' Lands, and Hereditaments* in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage:

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Merits of the Huntingtoi Election for the Borough of Huntington, which is ap- Election, pointed to be on lliursdqy next, be adjourned until that Day Three W'eeks.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, stouf* That the Petition of Mary Stout, presented to the House Petition, the 13th of March last, be read upon Thursday Morning , next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read upon Saturday Morqing next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of the Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Tran- of Protestini slation of Bishops from one See to another; be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Elizabeth Tillotsan, Widow and Relict Resumptioi of the most Reverend Father in God John late Lord of Archbishop of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his present Majesty was pleased, by Letters Patents, to grant to the Petitioner a Pension of 600l. per Annum out of the Duties of 4/. io$. per Cent, laid upon all Goods and Merchandizes exported from any of his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America: And praying a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the bth Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for saving the mb turner s Right to the said Grant

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee erf the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition

L

D

13 w. m.

r Apri

475

A Petition of Frances Yates, Widow of Nicolas Yates, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the late King James, by Letters Patents, dated 23d July, in the Second Year of his Reign, did, in Consideration that Francis Yates, late of Longle-Lawne, and Margaret his Wife, were particularly instrumental in the Preservation of King Charles the Second, after Worcester Fight, settle, upon the Petitioners Husband and Son an Annuity of 100l. per Annum, paying out of his Majesty's Exchequer: And praying, a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for saving the Petitioner's Right to the said Grant

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of Arthur Shalles, George Cole, Thomas Addison, William Hammond, Antony Wilks, and John Travers, on behalf of themselves, and all the Owners and Masters concerned in the Transport Debt for the Reduction of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Ships were hired for the Reduction of Ireland, in the Year 1689,

1690: And that there is due to them the Sum of 300,0601. principal Money, for which Debentures have been made out: That the Petitioners were without Interest for their Money till i6g5, when a Duty on Coffee and Tea, &c. was granted them for Payment of Five per Cent. Interest: But that proving deficient, this House was pleased to grant a Duty on Pedlars and Hawkers, for making good the said Deficiency: That the said Duties expire the 2d of May and 24th of June next: And praying, the said Funds may be continued, till their Debentures be satisfied.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

to Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That ' their Resolution of Advice, of Wednesday last, having been presented to his Majesty; his Majesty had been

!)leased to give a most gracious Answ er, to the Effect fol-owing; viz.

That, according to the Advice of the House of Commons, his Majesty has given Order to his Envoy Extraordinary at the Hague, to carry on the Negotiations in Concert with the States General; and to take such Measures therein, as may most conduce to their Security.

His Majesty thanks you for the Assurance you have given, that this House will effectually enable him to support the Treaty of One thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven; and will pursue the same, as you advise.

He does not doubt, but the Readiness you have shewn upon this Occasion, will very much contribute to the obtaining such a Security a3 is desired.

ating Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bri-m- bery, and other undue Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliaments; be read a Second time To'-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the list of the Half-pay Officers, ac- Half-pay. cording to the Establishment since the 25th Day of March 1700, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the General Society intitled to the Ad- Creditors of vantages given by an Act of Parliament, for advancing a deficient Sum not exceeding Two Millions, for the Service of the Fun f* Crown of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in and by the said Act, it is declared, That in case the Duties, arising or appropriated by the said Act, shall appear to be so deficient in the Produce of the 6ame, as that, within any one Year, the weekly Payments upon the same shall not amount to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge the yearly Pay-' ments thereby intended, the same shall be provided for, and answered, out of the next Aids granted by Parliament: That the said Duties, at Michaelmas last, were deficient in their Produce, the Sum of 35,590/. 4*. 7±d.:

And praying, That the same may be taken into Consideration, and made good, according to the Tenor of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Supply, into the said Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 8° die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A NE Barkstead took the Oaths appointed, in order J to her Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act London for transferring a Trust in Lands belonging to the City of Trust Land,« London, unto new Trustees, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable the Sale of some Parts of the Estate Mallock's of Razvlifi Matlock Esquire, deceased, for discharging the ^State* Monies, Debts, and Charges, thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Vol. 13.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for \yesi vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennet, late of Newton Poor Estates. cum Larton, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of (Vest Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Bennet: And also,

A Bill,

I«offend's, &c. Nat.

4 76 8° Aprilis. 1701.

A Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adrian Lof-sand, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal A Petition of the Company of the Royal Fishery of

Fishery. England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, dated in the 29th Year of his Reign, did grant unto the Petitioners, and their Successors, divers Privileges and Immunities, for Encouragement of their Undertakings: That the said Company have, ever since, been at great Expence, and Loss of Time, in building and fitting out of Ships to Sea, and in employing and breeding up of several able Seamen: But, forasmuch as the said Company are convinced, as well by their own Experience and Losses, as from the Success others have heretofore had in pursuing the said Trade of Fishing, that the same cannot be carried on, and made considerable, in England, without further Privileges and Immunities, and an Exemption of the Duty of Salt spent upon Fish, as in Times past: And praying a speedy Consideration of the Premises, and an Encouragement of the said Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do consider of the most effectual Means to promote the Fishery Trade of England; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr Taylor, Mr. Verney, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Fr. Marsham, Sir. Proby, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Charles Hedges, Dr. Daveri&nt, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. St. John, Mr. Dolben, Sir Jeffry Jeffrys, Sir Robert Cotton, Colonel Byerly, Sir Charles Turner; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and for Maritime Counties, and Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And they are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Albans A Petition of Joshua Lomax Esquire was presented Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of the Borough of St. Albans, the Petitioner, and John Gape Esquire, stood Candidates: That the said Mr Gape, before and at the Election, did, by illegal Practices, procure a great Number of Voices of such who had, and of such who had no Right to vote; and though the Petitioner had a Majority of Persons who were legally qualified to vote; yet the Mayor returned the said Mr. Gape, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freemen, and Householders, of and within the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, in behalf of themselves, and the major Part, of the Freemen and Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That at the last Election of a Member for the said borough, Joshua Lomax Esquire was duly elected; notwithstanding the Mayor, Recorder, and Town Clerk, by illegal Practices, procured John Gape Esquire to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sick and A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and

Wounded Port of Dover was presented to the House, and read;

Seamen. setting forth, That, during the late War with France, there were a great many sick and wounded Seamen and Soldiers sent by Order of his Majesty's Navy, and were quartered upon the Inhabitants, and cured; which hath

contracted great Debts upon the poor People, and rendered them incapable of the like Service: And praying, a Sum may be appropriated to discharge the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Persons concerned in the Debt due Transport for Transport Service in the Year 1693, on behalf of Debt, themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to the Petitioners,

-for Hire and Freight of their Ships, about 90,000l.; for Payment whereof Provision was made, the last Parliament, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the Commissioners, for stating the said Accounts have issued out Debentures for the principal Money, with a Memorandum respecting the Interest; but have not included the same; although, by Contracts made with the Commissioners, it is expressly agreed, that, if the whole Freight should not be paid in a Month after the Ship's Discharge, Interest should be allowed till the same should be paid; which was assented to by the Lords of the Treasury, and confirmed by this House: And praying, That the Interest due for their Debts, according to Contract, may be secured, and allowed, by and out of the Provision made for their principal Money; or by such other Ways as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine the Matters of the said Petition; and report the Fact to the House, and the Reasons why they stated the said Debt without the Interest.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Sir Robert Cottonian Cotton desired, That his House and Library might be Library, settled unalienable, that this Kingdom may have the Benefit thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to settle the Cotton House and Library, and to make them unalienable.

A Bill for regulating, and making more useful, the R«gulatiDt Militia of this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Bertie, according to Order, presented to the Deane'i House a Bill for the Sale of the Estate of James Deane; E«aie. and for securing the Monies, raised thereby, for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof: and the same was received.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Revenuu House an Abstract of the Accounts of the Revenues, and Taia. Taxes, and Monies borrowed, from Michaelmas 1699, to Michaelmas 1700.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Account is in a Book bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Abstract be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do report what they conceive necessary therein:

And it is referred to Sir Clmstopher Musgrave, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Boscawen,

Mr. Monckton, Mr. Bucknall, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Markes,

Mr. How, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Fran.'Child, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Mordant, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. St. John, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Robert Co I trm, Sir John Bolls, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Edw. Harley, Mr. Yates,

Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Tho. Harley,

Mr. Topham, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Paget, Mr. Shackerley, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Herne,

Mr. Dymoche, Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Foley, Sir Jeffry Jejfrys, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Mounstcvcns, Sir fVm. Scawen, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Cha. Barringtofi, Mr. Brotherton, Sir JVm.

Phippat'd

471

13 W. Ill, 8* — 9° Jpritis,

Phippard, Mr. Bridges, Sir. Robert Colton: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

vil List Ordered, That the gross and net Receipts of the Civil

md9* List Funds, for one entire Year, from the 25th of December 1699* exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1700, inclusive, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

ade, &c. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

d publick resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tbls' consider of the Trade of the Nation, and of the publick Debts.

jpply* Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whosoever shall advance, or lend to his Majesty, a Sum not exceeding 100,000 I. for the Service of the victualing the Fleet for the Year 1701, shall be secured to be repaid the same, with Interest at Six Pound per Centum, out of the First Aids to be granted this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That whosoever shall advance, or lend to his Majesty, the further Sum of 50,000l. for the Subsistence of Guards and Garisons, for the Year 1701, shall be secured to be repaid the same, with Interest at Six Pound per Cent, out of the First Aids to be granted this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

legulating A Bill for the better preventing Bribery* and other unctions. due Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliaments; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Treaties, &c. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to give Order, That the Grand Alliance of 1689, vv^so the Two secret Articles, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to give Order, That the Treaty made in the Year 169S, with relation to the Electoral Prince of Bavaria's having Part of the Territories of the Crown of Spain, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to give Order, That the Powers and Instructions for making the late Treaties may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

-barges of Resolved, That the Consideration how' this House will BriUry further proceed, with relation to the Crimes whereof ITtarcU Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, stands convicted before Member/ this House, be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 13.

Mercur 'd, die Aprilis;

13* Wiilielmi, Anno 1701.

P RAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act \vest Kirby for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennet, late of Poor Estate. Newton cum Larton, in the County ofC % ej/tr,-in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Bennet, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bfrzver reported from the Committee, to whom Marsham's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Est*le* enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire; and settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled; was committed; That they had examined the same, and found the Allegations therein to be true: And that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee:

And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questions severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House*

Mr.Scobell reported from the Committee, to whom Killiotf's the Bill for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Estate. Christopher Killirn Esquire; and for the raising Portions, and Maintenance of his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his Father's Will; w-as committed; That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true: And that the Parties therein concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questions severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

o

Ordered, That Mr. Kemp have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. . Absence.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Gervas Picrpoint have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Colonel Byerly reported from the Committee appointed Hospitals, to inquire into the Abuses committed in the Revenues of &c. Hospitals; and report their Opinion, how the same may be remedied for the future; That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Abuses committed in the Management of all Grants, Gifts of Tenements and Hereditaments, and other Augmentations, limited or appointed for charitable Uses, proceeds from the undue and irregular Management of the same, by the Neglect of taking due Surveys of all Hereditaments or Augmentations given for such Uses; which may be redressed by appointing a better and more proper Method of Visitation, or inspecting the Revenues and Management of Hospitals or Charities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, for the Time being, upon Application from the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions,

6 F shall

Resumption of Grants.

Lessening the Number «f Attornies.

Army

Arrears.

47 8 90 . \ i 7oi.

shall issue or grant a Commission to impower

Number of the Justices of the Peace belonging to the said County, jointly with

to inquire into all Abuses ‘and Mismanagements of Hospitals, or all other Charities, belonging to the said County; the Fee of which Commission to be

limited, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Method for letting to Farm or Lease, of Lands or other Appointments, belonging to Hospitals, or other Charities, be prescribed, thereby to prevent all clandestine and private Contracts: And that the Persons intrusted for the letting or setting out to Farm such Lands, be impowered to fine off One Third-part only; and the rest to be set or lett according to the Value of such Lands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if One Moiety of all Improvements be applied to enlarge the Intention of the Founder, by increasing the Number of the Poor, that are to be provided for in the Place where such Hospital is founded or erected; and the other Moiety to be applied for the Maintenance and Relieft)f maimed Seamen, and their Widows; there might be a considerable Provision made for their Maintenance and Encouragement, for the Service of his Majesty's Fleet.

The First Resolution being read a Sacond time;

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the same, and the rest of the Report, be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe are to be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Fit zhar ding was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents, dated 4th of May, in the 28th Year of his Reign, did grant unto Wentworth Earl of Roscomon, and his Countess, the Buildings and Lodgings situate in St. James's Park, adjoining to the West Side of the Privy Garden there, for their Lives, under a yearly Rent of 13 s. 4 d.; and under a Proviso, to be void, in case his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should revoke the said Grant, on Payment of all Monies expended in Building and Repairing of the said Lodgings: That the said Countess, after the Death of her said Husband, in Consideration of 1,075/, did grant to the Petitioner the said Premises, during her Life: That his present Majesty, by Letters Patents, dated 20th July, in the 12th Year of his Reign, did grant the said Premises, for 50 Years, concurrent together with the aforesaid Term granted unto the said Earl, unto your Petitioner, at the like annual Rent, and with the like Proviso therein also contained: That the said late Earl, and the Petitioner, have kid out great Sums of Money in the purchasing, building, and enlarging, the said Premises, even to almost the Value of the Lease: And praying, That there may be a Clause inserted, in the Bill for the resuming all Grants of Lands, and other Revenues since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for saving the Petitioner's Right in the said Grant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for lessening the Number of Attornies and Sollickers; and for regulating their Practice; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Major General Erie being come to the House;

The Petition of Major Edmund Bower, and other Officers that served in the Battalion commanded by the said Major General Erie, and disbanded at Exon, was read; setting forth, That there are considerable Sums of Money due and' in Arrears, to the Petitioners, for their L3

9aid Service ,* and, though they have often applied themselves to the said Major General, to have their Accounts stated, yet could obtain no Redress: And praying Relief in the Premises.

And Major General Erie was heard thereupon.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, and many others, Inhabitants of the said City, and Places adjacent, who have quartered and entertained sick and wounded Seamen', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in October 1697, there was due to the Petitioners, on that Service, upwards of 13,000l.; which, by Two several Payments since, is reduced to near 7,000l.; the Want whereof hath rendered the Petitioners uncapable of providing Quarters, or other Entertainment, for the sick and wounded Seamen for the future: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Uratred, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to the English Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Abuses are practised on his Majesty's Subjects, by Societies of ill Men, who, by Insinuations and Promises, betray them to go as Servants to the Plantations; and also others, that offer themselves to go as Servants, with Design to embroil the Persons concerned, and get Money of them; whereby great Trouble often happens to Merchants, and Owners of Ships: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Prevention of all evil Practices; and for the better Security of Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships, in the Transportation of Servants to the English Pantations in America.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Yates, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Jeff. Jeffrys, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr: Foley, Mr. Champneys, Mr. King, Mr. Cholmly, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. England, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Radge, Mr. Topham, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir. Mompesson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Walpole; anfl all the Merchants of the House; and all that serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty would be pleased to give Order, That the grand Alliance of 1689, anc^ the Treaty of 1698, and also the Powers and Instructions for making the late Treaties, might be laid before this House; his Majesty had been pleased to give Order for the Treaties and Powers to be laid before this House; but that there were no Instructions for either of those Treaties, in Writing.

Ordered, That the Surveyor General do lay before this House an Account of all Lands, Rents, and Estates, belonging to the Crown, undisposed of; together with the present Value, and Value of the Reversions, and improved Rents.

Ordered\

ji

r

i-

Sick and Wounded Seamen,

Sending Servant* to Plantations,

Steyning

Election.

Leave of Absence,

Answer to Address.

Land

Revenue.

479

13 W. III. 9° — io'

Farm Ordered, That the Trustees for Sale of the Fee-farm

us, &c. Rents, and the Queen Dowager s Auditor, to lay before this House an Account of all the Lands, Rents, and Estates, undisposed of; and of the Reversions and Values thereof.

j,y of A Petition of Andrew Clifford and jeronomy Clifford, nam. late Inhabitants of Surinam in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the War betwixt 'England and Holland in the Year 16C7, the Colony of Surinam was surrendered by the English to the Dutch; but the English then remaining the re* of which Number the Petitioners are, were to enjoy all Privileges equal with , them, and have Liberty to transport themselves and Estates when and where they pleased: That the Petitioners, in the Year 1687, intending to transport their Estates to Jamaica, the Governor prohibited their Transportation, and caused several unjust Prosecutions against the Petitioners; particularly one, about the Sale of a Negro; and imposed a Fine on them of 4,000l. which they levied on the Petitioners Estates; and sentenced the Petitioner Jeronomy to remain in Prison for Seven Years, without Bail; where he continued Four Years, till he was discharged by his Majesty's Intercession with the States General: That, after several other unjust Prosecutions, which cost 30,0001. the Petitioner Jeronomy applied himself to the States General; and delivered them a Memorial of his Sufferings; but could obtain no Relief: And praying, That this House will take their Case into Consideration, and afford them Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Moncton, Sir Sam. Bernar-diston, Mr. Hammond, Mr* Eyre, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sit Owen Buckingham, Sir Francis Child, Sir Edward Ernly, Sir John Leveson Gower, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Champncys, Mr. Pais, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Henry Goff ] Sir Richard Cox, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. Thompson, Sir Sum. Gerrard; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are te meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

rence A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ilolford d ty and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade of the Nation, and of the publick Debts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this Ilonse will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

ittces. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 13.

' Aprilis.

Jovis, 10° die Aprilis;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Travers.

A B I L L for erecting a Court of Request, ot Coni- Norwich ±.3L science, in the City, and County of the City of Small Debts, Noiwich, foi* Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Sam. Bernar-diston, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Dysert, Mr. Pitfeild,

Mr. Gape, Sir Thomas May, Sir JVm. St. Quiniin, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. Wilde, Sir John Pachington, Mr. Jolly, Lord Fairfax, Sir Jos. Treden-ham, Mr. Stonehcruse, Mr. Yates; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolkc: And they are td meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jermyn's to enable Stephen Jemiyn to make Provision for his Estate, younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. England,

Mr.Stringer, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Blofeild, Sir JVm. Cori-ton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Rudge, Mr.

JVard, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Reyner, Mr* Renda, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rob. Cotton,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Pitfeild; and all that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Kent: And they are to meet this After* noon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Sir John Pachington, according to Order, presented Arthur's to the House a Bill to naturalize Archibald Arthur* and Nat" enable him to settle and dispose of his Estate: And the same was received.

A Bill for the Sale of the Estate of James Deane; and Deane's for securing the Monies raised thereby, for the Benefit of Estate* himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timew

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, presented to insolvent the House a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debtors* Debt: And the same was received.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the Committee, to ciarges' whom the Petition of Sir JValfcr Clurges Baronet, was re- toate. ferred, That they had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and that the Petitioner had fully proved the Allegations of it: And that they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in Iris Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee gave a Week's publick Notice, by fixing the same up in the Lobby of this House, of their Intentions to proceed to examine the Allegations of the said Petition; but nobody has appeared in behalf of Mr.

Neale therein mentioned, or any claiming under him:

Thai: Bevis Goff ‘went, by Order of the Petitioner, before the Petition w as presented to the House, to Mrs. Hmvr the supposed next of Kin to the said Mr. Neale, to know what she intended to do in the Premises: And she said,

That she had not the Conveyance mentioned in the Petition, nor any Counterpart thereof; and that, if she had, she would deliver up the same to Sir Jl'alter Clarges, to do w hat he pleased therein:

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to dispose of a Piece of Ground

near

i o° Aprilis.

A. 1701.

near Piccadilly, conveyed by Sir Thomas Clarges to Thomas Neale Esquire, deceased, discharged of the said Mr. Neales Interest The said Resolution being read a Second time; Ordered\ That Leave be given to b,ring in a Bill to enable Sir Walter Clarges Baronet to dispose of a Piece of Ground near Piccadilly, conveyed by Sir Thomas Clarges to Thomas Neale Esquire, deceased, discharged of the said Mr. Neales Interest: And that Sir Joseph Treden-ham, Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Randy ll, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sending Ordered, That Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir

Servants to JVm. Hastier, Mr. Moncton, be added to the Committee Plantations, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants trading to the English Plantations in America is referred.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That John Carter, Servant to Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, a Member of this House, hath been lately arrested by John Whitborow, of Exon, Bailiff, upon an Action of Scanda-lam Ma gnat urn, wherein James Buckley was an Attorney; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Totness A Complaint being made to the House, That there

Election. were several Threats and other indirect Practices, used

before, and at the time of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in order to obtain such Election; and also afterwards;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House The House being informed, That Captain Kidd had informed of been at some other Place, besides the House of Com-Kulds being mons^ sjnce he was [n Newgate;

at ar®e* Ordered, That the Keeper of Newgate, and such Of-

ficers of his, as at any time attended Captain Kidd when he was brought'to this House, do immediately attend this House.

Trade, and Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Publick Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

Debt5, to consider of the Trade of the Nation, and of the publick

Debts, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sinking and Paying off of Exchequer Bills, and Malt Tickets, will be a great Encouragement to Trade, and a Support of the publick Credit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the restraining the Bank of England from borrow'-ing Money at Interest, upon any Security that is not under then* Corporation Seal, will be a great Encouragement*to Trade, and a Support of the publick Credit.

The First Resolution being read a Second.time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Sinking and;" and to insert, after "Paying oft*,"

" and Cancelling:"

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree writh the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Paying off and Cancelling of Exchequer Bills, and Malt 'Eickets, will be a great Encouragement to Trade, and a Support of the publick Credit.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House dotli agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the restraining the

Bank of England from borrowing Money at Interest, upon any Security that is not under their Corporation Seal, will be a great Encouragement to Trade, and a Support of the publick Credit.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Confer^ Conference with the Lords, do manage the Conference with this Day.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Colonel Granville reported the Conference: That It was managed by the Lord Marquis of Normanby; who acquainted them that the Lords had ordered to be laid before this House Two Powers; viz.

GULIELMUS R.

GUL1ELMUS Tertius, Dei gratia, Magn® Britan-niae, Francite, et Hiberniae, Rex, Fidei Defensor, &c. omnibus et singulis ad quos praesentes liters pervene-rint, salutem. Quum ad conservandam quietem publi-cam plurimum conducere arbitramur, ut de efficacisimis mendiis quibus redintegrate pacis beneficia confirmari et augeri possint, sedulo et opportune provideatur; quumque nobis innotescat; serenissimum principem et dominum dominum Leopoldqm Romanorum Imperatorem, turn serenissimum principem et dominum dominum Ludovicum decimum quartum, llegem Christianissimum, ac preepo-tentes dominos dominos Ordines Generales Foederataram Belgii Provinciarum, in eo animo esse, ut concilia sua nobiscum invicem communicare, et de iis, quread mutuam amicitiam, firmius astringendam, quaeque prcesentis tem-poris rationibus maxime accomodata sint, in commune consulere velint: Sciatis igitur, Quod nos, side, prudentia, et in rebus gerendis usu, perdilecti, et perquam fidelis con-sanguinei & consiliarii nostri Gulielmi comitis de Portland, ordinisnostri periscelidis equitis; ac praefidelis et perquam dilecti consanguinei Sc consiliarii nostri Ed wardi comitis de Jersey, unius primariorum secretariorum nostrorum status, plurimum confisi; eosdem fecimus, ordinavimus, ac depu-tavimus, sicut per praesentes facimus, ordinamus, & de-putamus, veros et indubitatos commissarios et deputatos nostros; danteis et concedentes iisdem commissariisetdepu-tatis nostris, aut eorum alteri, plenam Sc omnimodam po-testatem atque auctoritatem, pariter et iftandatum gene-rale ac speciale, ut pro nobis, et nostro nomine, cum praefatorum serenissimi Romanorum Imperatoris, sere-nissimi Regis Christianissimi, ac dominorum Ordinum Ge-neralium Foederatarum Belgii Provinciarum, commissariis ac deputatis, plena etiam potestate munitis, de et super praemissis conveniant, colloquantur, et tractent, eaque omnia perficiant et concludant, quae ad prmdictam finem omni meliore modo faciant Sc conducant; promittentes bona fide, et in verbo regio, nos omnia et singula, qu© a dictis commissariis nostris, aut ah eorum altero, vi pra;-sentium, conclusia fuerint, grata, rata, et finna habituros, nec contra corum aliquid contraventuros aut contraveniri passuros. In quorum omnium majorem fidein ac robur, hasce literas, inanu nostra regia signatas, magn'o nostro Angliae sigillo muniri fecimus. Quae dabantur in palatio nostro apud Loo, primo die mensis Julii, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagessimo nono, regnique nostri undecimo.

GULIELMUS Tertius, Dei gratia, Magnoe Britan-nice, Franciae, et Hiberniae, Rex, Fidei Defensor, &c. omnibus ad quos praesentes literse pervenerint, salutem.

Quum ad conservandam universae Europae quietem plurimum conducere arbitramur, ut de efficacissimis mediis quibus redintegrates pacis beneficia confirmari ac cons^rvari possint, sedulo et opportune provideatur; neque ullum public® tranquillitati iminutandae periculuin evidentius imminere^quam si eveniat, ut Rex Catholicus, nullam sobolem superstitem relinquens, moriatur (ilium vero Regem diu superesse exoptamus); ac proindeprin-cipes, illara successionem non tain jure quam viribus via-dicantes, crudelissimum bellum per tot florentia regna, provincias, ditionesque excitent; quumque nobis spas maxima elucescstt haec bella averti posse, atque omnia

13 W. III. *6° J

arnjce et feliciter compbni, si dc fcujusque rationibus el commodis in medium provide consulereter; quum nobis denique innotescat, serenissimum principem et dominum dominum Ludovicum decimum quartum Regem Christia-nissimum, ac prcepotentes dominos dominos Ordines Generates Fcederatarum Belgii Provinciarum, ineodem pror-» $us animo esse: Sciatis igitur, Quod nos, side, prudentia, ac in rebus gerendis usu, perfidelis et perquam dilecti con-sanguinei et consiliarii nostri Gulielmi comitis Portland!®, vicecomitis de Cirencester, baronis de Woodstock, ordi-nis ndstri periscelidis equitis, necnon perfidelis et perquam dilecti consanguinei et consiliarii nostri Edvardi comitis Jersey, unius primariorum secretariorum nostrum status, pluriumum confisi, eosdem fecimus, ordinavimus, etdepu- tavimus, ac per prcesentes facimus, ordinamus, & depu-tatnus, veros et indubitatos commissarios, & plenipotentiaries nostros; dantes et concedentes eisdem, aut eorum alteri, plenam & omnimodam potestatem atque auctorita-tem, pariter et mandatum generale ac speciale, ut pro nobis, et nostro nomine, cum pnefatorum serenissimi Regis Christianissimi, ac dominorum Ordinum Generalium Foederatarum Belgii Provinciarum, commissario, acpleni-£otentiario, sive commissariis ac plenipotentiary, de et super prsemissis conveniant, colloquantur, ac tractent, ea-que omnia perficiant et concludant, quae ad bella de successione Hispanicaavertenda, stabiliendamque Europae pa-cem, omnia meliori modo faciant et conducant; promit-tentes, bona fide, et in verbo regio, nos omnia et singula, quae a dictis commissariis ac plenipotentiary nostris, vel eorum altero, vi pnesentium, conclusa fuerint, grata, rata, et firma habituros, nec contra eorum aliquid contra-venturos, sed eadem sancte et inviolabiliter observaturos. In quorum omnium majorem fidem ac robur, hasce lite-ras, manu nostra regia signatus, magno nostro Anglice sigillo muniri fecimus; quae dabantur in palatio nostro apud Kensington, die secundo mensis Januarii, anno Domini regnique nostri undecimo.

GULIELMUS R.

And also a Paper, although not signed by the Earl of Portland\ yet was laid before their Lordships by him.

And that there were some Questions asked by the Lords: To which there was this Answer:

At the Beginning of the Summer of the Year 1699, when I was in Holland, at my Country House; and when the King would have me concerned in the Negotiating of this Treaty with the Emperor, the French King, and the States; being very unwilling to meddle with Business again, from which I wa^ retired; before I vrould engage myself,

I advised with my Friends in Holland', and writ into England to Mr. Secretary Vernon, as my particular Friend, Whether it was advisable for me to engage in Business again? To which Mr. Vernon answered, inSubstance, That this would not engage me but for a little while: That I being upon the Place, and generally acquainted with the foreign Ministers, it would be easier for the King, and propercr for me to be employed in it, than any body else, that must be otherwise sent for on purpose.

The Earl of Portland being desired by the Lord Somers, tv ith the Leave of the House, to declare, if he pleased, Whether the Lord Somers s Name was mentioned in the Letter he received from Mr. Secretary Vernon;

The Earl of Portland declared, That if he had remembered any such Thing in the Letter, and not inserted it in the Paper which he had delivered to the House, he should have thought he had deceived the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Repbrt be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

'lieDeb*.-. Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to receive Proposals for Payment of the publick Debts, and advancing the Credit of the Nation; and to report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. How, Mr, Bridges, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. llalmshji Lord Coningsby, Mr. Smith, Sir StimttdBerttar-diston, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Foley i Colonel Byerly,

Vol. 13.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Moncton, Mir. Scobell, Lord Ranelagh,

Mr. Boyle, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Theo. Oglethorp, Mr. Dolben, Sir Roxvl. Gwynne, Mr:

Yates, Mr. IValpook, Sir JVm. Semen, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Sir Thomas Mters, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Guy mi, Mr. Clerk,

Sir Charles Turner, Sir Barth. Shower, Lord William Pawlett, Mr. Gulston, Sir JVm. Strickland, Sir JVm. St.

Quintin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Palmes, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Ward,

Sir Thomas Cook, Sir John Mordant, Sir Godfrey Copley,

Dr. Davcnant, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Freeman, Sir Samuel Garret, Mr. Topham, Sir Stephen Fox, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Cha. Bloys, # *: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to sit de die in diem.

Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, reported, Steyning from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the filection; Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Sleyning, in the County of Sussex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed hitn to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and after-' w ards delivered m at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Charles Goreing Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Robert Fagg to serve for the Borough of Steyning:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms:

That upon the Whole, there was,

For Sir Robert Fagg, 33.

For the Petitioner, 30.

But that the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That they should take off so many from Sir Robert Faggs Poll, as would make the Petitioner a Majority:

And that they also insisted, That there was Treating and Bribery on behalf of Sir Robert Fagg:

That there was at the time of the Poll, excepted to* of those that voted for Sir Robert Fagg, 8; viz. Nicolas JVolgar, Mich. Longmore, John Finch, Samuel Cox,

John Balcombe senior, John Read, George Goddard, and John Milks:

And that there was, at the time of the Poll, excepted to, of those that voted for the Petitioner, 4; viz. JValted Parson, Nicholas Killick, Richard Hedger, and Jl alter Hilman:

That there is at Sleyning a Charity called the White Horse Charity, which is 5/. a Year, received by certain Trustees, and lefttotheDistribution of the Churchwardens:

And a Certificate w'as produced, under the Hand of James Chat ten, Churchwarden, dated the 27 th of March last; by which it appeared. That at Easter last, John Grovesi John Bancombe senior, John Read, John Heasman, John Finch, John Mills, Thomas Glover, Geo. Goddart, had received of that Charity.

John Grvme said, He w?as Overseer of the Poor, and had delivered to John Mills Three Bushels of Peas, a Bushel of Wheat, a Bushel of Barleyj and 8 s. in Money:

But it was acknowledged, That he had, before the Election, paid the Overseers the Value of the same.

Jos. Mamer said, That Nicholas JVolgar lives in Part of a House divided about Six or Seven Years ago: That jVillet had the other Part: But it was acknowledged, That JVolgar is Headborough, and pays to Church and Poor:

That Mich. Longmore is a Servant to, and boards with, one Bowler, a Carpenter; but some time before the Election, he took a little House: And believes he is in the Poors Rate.

Jos. JVarner and Grome said, That Samuel Cox has a House and Mill out of the Borough, where he lives; but it is acknowledged, That he had a House of his own in the Borough, with some Goods in it: That Cox was Overseer, in respect of his living out of the Borough; and was excused from the Rate about Four Years ago, at his Request: However it was acknowledged he was in the present Rate for the said House, as an empty House; and Grome said, He intended to ask for it.

6 G That,

Steyning

Election.

482

lb'

ApHlk.

A.

1701,

That, as to Threats und Bribery;

Walter Parsons said, That he, and Several others, he Relieves, to the Number of above 20 Electors, were at Sir Robert Fagg's the Evening before the Election, being asked to go thither by John Read, John Balcombe senior, and Mr. Charles Fagg; where there was Beef and Mutton, and other Provisions for40 Men; bathe said, They had no Discourse about the Election.

Nic. Killick said, He was present at Sir Robert Fagg's^ at two Entertainments: One was at the time spoken of by Parsons; and the other was about a Week before the Election, when there were about 13 Voters: And John Ready at both times, asked him for his Vote for Sir Roben Fagg; and told him, If he did, he should have Work at 12 d. a Day, besides Meat and Drink: And Paching told the said Killick, If he would be for Sir Robert Fagg, he should have aNaile of Beef, and a Loaf, every Week: And Littington told him, If he would vote for Sir Robert Fagg, there would be two Rings, one for him, another for his Wife.

Thomas Mitchell said, he had a great many Offers by John Read and Littington, on account of Beef and Bread: And Littington told him, if he w'ould vote for Sir Robert Foggy he and his Wife should each of them have a Ring.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member said, They would justify their own Votes, and take off Eight from the Petitioners Poll: But they proceeded fitst upon the Point of Bribery: And called John Pat chin: Who said, That Mr. Goreing came to his Shop, and agreed to give him a Guinea for a Gun: And afterwards he, said Patching met Mr. Goreing, and asked hiiri fof the Guinea: Upon which Mr. Goreing asked, How many Guineas he should give him to stand plum: And he, said Patchin, answering Five, Mr. Goreing' put his Hand in his Pocket, and gave him a double Louis-d or for a Coffee-mill, and his Vote, in Part of Five Guineas; but he never promised Mr. Goreing his Vote; And one Wallis told him, He had Occasion for a good Jack; and he would give him 5/. more for it, if he would vote for Mr. Goreing.

Thomas Grover said, That he was at Mr. Hunt's, and Mr. Goreing called him away: But Mr. Hunt told him, That Mr. Goreing would give him Four4 Guineas for his Vote: And Mr. Goreing said, What you say, I will stand to.

Richard Hunt denied, that he offered Grower any thing for his Vote; but said Mr. Goreing desired him to offer Thomas Grover Four or Five Guineas for his Vote; which he told Grover.

John Finch said, That Mi4. Grover, Three Days before the Election, promised him Two Guineas for his Vote; and that there was Half a Dozen Bottles of Wine drank at his House, at Mr. Goreing's Charge: And that. who drank of it but himself, voted for Mr. Goreing: But he said, Finch w as excepted to by Mr. Goreing, at the time of the Poll, as having no Vote in the Election.

John Double said, He see Mr. Goreing give some Money to Nicholas Gillick, which he heard Gillick's Wife afterwards say was 40 s.; and at the same time Mr. Goreing gave Gillick s Child Half a Crow n.

Mich. Longmore said, That Mr. Goreing, on the Election Day, came to him, and desired his Vote; and said, He had Work to do; and if he would vote for him, the said Mr. Goreing, he should have it all; and should have 5/. beforehand, if he questioned his Pay: And that, Three Or Four Days before the Election, he drank W'ine and strong Drink with Mr. Goreing, and did not pay.

Isaac Challc n said, He is a Joiner; and Mr. Goreing promised him Work at Sir William Goreing's, if he would vote for him.

Richard Gray said, That Mr. Goreing offered to carry him a Load of Wood to Shorcham, if he would vote for him; for which Carriage he had before offered 15 s.

Robert Holden said, Mr. Goreing desired his Vote; and told him, He would oblige him; for a Landlord might 12

oblige his Tenant: He acknow ledged he supped at Sir Robert Fagg's the Night before the Election.

Samuel Cox said, That Goreing bid him Nineteen Year£ Purchase for a House, provided he would give him his Vote: That the House was worth 53$. Year; and afterwards he would give him but 45 L

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member made some Attempt in making good their Numbers upon the Poll; but did not proceed further than to speak to Three of Four Persons; the Committee not being willing to hear further Evidence.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Robert Fagg Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Charles Goreing Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament fot* the said Borough of Steyning.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Robert Fagg Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree writh the Committee in the said Resolution, That Charles Goreing Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Burgess for the said Borough of Steyning is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Steyning the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Robert Fagg Baronet, whose Election is declared to be void.

The Serjeant acquainted the House, That his Messen- Poisons ger, having been at Newgate, finds, That the Keeper was cxar"!ned gone abroad; and that several of his Officers were gone Kidd's^k to Kingston Assizes; but that one of his Officers was atlarge. 1 come; and attended.

Then the House being informed, That Thomas Stock-dell, who, the House was informed, was the Person that gave Information of the Matter relating to Captain Kidd\ also attended;

He was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then Matthew Smith, one of the Keeper of Newgate5 Officers, was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, That Captain Symonds, whom the said Thomas Stockdell had informed of the Matter relating to the said Captain Kidd, also attended;

He was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Afterwards the said Captain Symonds and Thomas Stockdell were called in together; and examined.

And then they withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Fell, the Keeper of Newgate, wa3 come, and attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew'.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of Prcservatioa the Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Transla- of Protean tion of Bishops from one See to another; be read a Rellolon-Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved\

13 W. III. 10° — ii

on Resolved That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Aprilis;

13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

PETITION of Charlwood Lawton Esquire, Prisoner in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for having so misbehaved himself, as to incur the Displeasure of this House; and humbly begging Pardon for the same, and humbly imploring the Favour of the House for his Enlargement.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawton be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Will. A Petition of Frederick Herne Esquire, eldest Son of Sir Joseph Herne Knight, deceased, and Heneage Ft ther-stoh, Two of the Executors of the said Sir Joseph Hemes last Will, on behalf of themselves, and Six of the said Sir Joseph Hemes younger Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting torth, That Sir Joseph Herne having given Instructions lor his last Will, which was drawn into Form, dated the 2,5th of February 169S; whereby he was pleased to devise all his real and personal Estates for the Benefit of the Petitioners, his Widow, and younger Children; the same was read over to him, and lie approved thereof; but being seized with a sudden Trembling, did sign but Two Sheets thereof, and died without perfecting it; whereby the Devises therein to his younger Children will fail; and some Doubt may arise whether the same be a Revocation of any former Will: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring the same his last YVill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Bertie and Mr. Hammond do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the freeholders and Miners within the j. Five Parishes of Ashover, Matlock, Darley, Bonsall, and Carrington> in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a Petition preferred to this House, by divers Ministers in the County of Derby, for Leave to bring in a Bill for preventing vexatious Suits; and settling the Tythes of Lead-ore there; it is suggested, That there is a Custom in the said County for the Payment of Lead-ore in Kind to the several Parsons, Vicars, Owners of Rectories Appropriate or Impropriate, or other Proprietors, in the said County; and that the same hath been generally acknowledged by the Owners of Lead-mines through the said County; and that* the same hath been confirmed by Decrees in Chancery and Exchequer, and Verdicts at Law'; and that, by the same Verdicts, the said customary Duty is found to extend to the whole County: That the Petitioners do affirm there was never any Tythe Lead-ore, or Composition for the same, paid for any the said Five Parishes abovesaid, within the Memory of Man; and that, when several of the Predecessors of the present Parsons or Vicars of the said Five Parishes have sued in the Exchequer and Duchy Courts for Tythe Lead-ore, upon Suggestion, that there was a Custom to pay Tythe of Lead-ore, Tryals at Law have been directed to try the Custom, and Verdicts passed against the same, and the Bills in the said Courts dismissed: That there hath been no Suit depending for Tythes these 20 Years: That if the Bill should pass into an Act, it w'ould Vox.. 13.

Aprilis. 483

not only charge the said Mines with a Duty never paid, but would disencou rage Adventurers and Miners in searching for Lead-mines; and bring many Hundreds of poor People, who now work in the Mines, on the Parishes, to be maintained, with their Families: And praying* That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

The Bill w*as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boscdzi'en, Mr. Hammond, Mix Dolben, Mr. Moncton, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Clark, Mr. St. John, Dr. Davendnt, Mi. Mounstcoens, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Foley \ Mr. Hampden, Mr. Proby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Lampion, Sir Jo. Moles-xcorth, Mr. Williams, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Crocker, Sir Jo. Phillips, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Tho. Madavorth, Mr. Yates, Mr. Leigh, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Fortes-cue, Mr. Ryder, Sir Richard Cow, Sir Edward Seymour; Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. StonehoUse, Sir Cha. Pye, Mr. Owen, Mr. Walmsly, Mr. Phipps; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Nottingham, Stafford, Derby, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Leigh, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for vesting the Estate of Gervas Roswell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances to which the same are liable; and fof making Provision for the Maintenance of the Granddaughters of the said Gervas: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the respective Auditors of England, Wales, and Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster, do assist the respective Surveyors in laying before the House an Account of the Lands, Rents, and Estates, belonging to the Crown, undisposed of, with the present Value; and the Value of the Reversions, and Improved Rents.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Queen Dowager do lay before this House a particular Account of her Majesty's Jointure; arid distinguish what Part of it was the Queen Mother's; and what was granted by King Charles the Second, and how augmented by King James the Second.

A Petition of the Freeholders in the County of Chester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, since the Use of Salt Rock, and of Salt refined from Rock, a very visible Decay of the Brine Manufacture; and that many Thousands are exposed to such extreme Want, as not..... able to pay their Taxes, who, before, competently subsisted by the Carriage of Brine Salt, and Coal to manufacture the same: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties on Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick: And that Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Brereton, and the Lord Coningsby, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mi4. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet to settle a Jointure; and make Provision for his younger Children: And the same was received.

A Petition of John Parkhurst and John Paschall Esqums was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they had delivered to the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, Navy, Prize Office, &c. their

Roswell'*

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Land

Revenue.

Queen

Dowager's

Jointure.

Duties on Salt.

Barrington's

Estate.

Privilege — Persons

petition for Discharge*

Box's

Divorce.

Bast Retford Election.

Treaties of Peace, &c.

general Account, according to the Precept and Sfcheme prescribed by the Commissioners; and expressing their Sorrow for their great Misfortune in being under the Displeasure of the House, by not having perfected their Accounts sooner; and humbly begging Pardon of the House for any Offence they have given: And praying, That the House will please to consider the long Confinement they have been under; and that the House will please to order their Enlargement, that they may be thereby enabled to give the House the best Satisfaction they can in any thing that shall be required.

Ordered, rl hat the Commissioners of Accounts do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Accounts delivered in from the Commissioners of Prizes: And that they do acquaint the House, Whether the same be according to the Directions of their Precept.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir Richard Iioljord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Bor with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Vernon presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, several Treaties, and Translations of them, and of the Powers for them; and a Schedule of them.

And the Schedule was read; and is as follows; viz.

1. The French Kings Ratification of the Treaty concerning the Electoral Prince of Bavarian Succession to the Crown of Spain.

2. Translation of the same.

3. The French King's Ratification of the secret Article concerning the Elector of Bavaria.

4. The Translation of the same.

5. The French King's Ratification of the secret Article concerning the Duchy of Milan.

6. The Translation of the same.

7. The French Kings Ratification of the separate Article explanatory of the Treaty.

S. The Translation of the same.

9. Power to the Earl of Portland\ and Sir Joseph Williamson, to treat with the French King's Ministers concerning the Spanish Succession.

10. The Translation of the same.

11. Power to the Earl of Portland\ and Sir Joseph Williamson, to treat with the States General concerning the Spanish Succession.

12. The Translation of the same.

13. His Majesty's Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to those Two Powers.

14. Powers to the Earls of Portland and Jersey to treat with the Commissioners of the Emperor, the most Christian King, and the States General.

15. The Translation of the same.

16. His Majesty's Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to the said Power.

17. Power to the Earls of Portland and Jersey to treat with the French King and the States concerning the Spanish Succession.

18. The Translation of the same.

19. His Majesty's Warrant for affixing the Great Seal to the said Power.

20. His Majesty's Ratification of the Treaty about the Electoral Prince of Bavaria's succeeding to the Crown of Spain; and of the separate and secret Articles.

21. The Translation of the same.

22* His Majesty's Warrant For affixing the Great Seal to those Ratifications.

23. The French King s Declaration for the Execution of the Treaty, and secret Articles; concerning the Succession of Spain 1698.

24. The Dauphin's Declaration for the Execution of the Treaty and secret Articles; concerning the Succession of Spain 1698.

And the Treaties and Translations are bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Hedges presented to the House, pursuant Trwtjt to the^r Address to his Majesty, the Translation of the & Treaty between the Emperor and the States General, called the Grand Alliance, with the separate Articles, dated May the 12th, 1689; and acquainted the House, That he had the Original in his Custody, for the Service of the Hotise.

The Title of the said Treaty was read.

And the Treaty is bound up with the said Papers.

Then the Report of the Conference with the Lords Yesterday was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Vernon do lay before this Earl of House all the Letters, and Copies of Letters, which have Pony passed between himself and the Earl of Portland in the CorrffiP< Years One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, or One ^n thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, or at any other time, pPartimi with relation to any Treaty concerning the Partition of Tre^. the Spanish Dominions.

Ordered, That the said Letters, and Copies of Letters, w be laid before the House Tomorrow Morning. 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Suppt*. nig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. commits

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 12° die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Baker, of Taunton, in the Tauntcn County of Somersett, Merchant, was presented to Election* the House, and read; setting forth, That Henry Portman Esquire, being elected to serve as a Burgess for this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton, and also for the City of Wells, made his Election for the said City; and, a new Writ issuing for electing a Burgess, in his room, for the said Borough of Taunton, the Petitioner stood Candidate, and was duly elected; but the Mayor, being very partial in taking the Poll, returned Sir Thomas Warr Baronet: And praying, That the House will take the same into Consideration and relieve the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants, being Pot- Djll0i walloners, within the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somersett, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the constant and undoubted Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough doth belong to such Inhabitants and Rcsiantsasare Potwalloners or Potboilers there; and that Henry Port-man Esquire, being elected for the said Borough, and also for the City of Wells, made his Election for the said City; whereupon a new Writ issuing for electing a Burgess, in his room, for the said Borough, the Petitioners, at the Day appointed, did offer themselves to vote for Thomas Baker Merchant, then one of the Candidates; but were

rejected

13 W. III.

I Kilmo-Estate.

ow's

te.

Ion Poor

rf.

ilege.

rejected by Thomas Besley, then Mayoir, who took the Poll, and admitted several Persons to vote, who had no Right, for Sir Francis JVarrc, Baronet, then also Candidate; and returned him Burgess accordingly; to the manifest Wrong of the Petitioners, and Destruction of the ancient Rights, Liberties, and Usage of the said Borough: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said. Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill to enable Robert Lord Viscount Kilmory> of the Kingdom of Ireland, being an Infant, to settle divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mounstevens> Mr. Varney, Mr. Pitjeild, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Yates, Mr. Offley, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Robert Austin, Sir Jos. Leveson Gower, Earl of Dysert, Mr. Wynnyngton, Mr. England, Mr. Blojeild, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ash, Mr. Taylor, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Harley; and all that serve for Lancaster, Cheshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Shropshire, and Staffordshire: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killicrw Esquire; and for the raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his former Will; w*as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killicrw Esquire; and for the raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his Father s Will.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the further Relief and employing the Poor of the City of London; and punishing Vagrants, and idle Persons; was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege in arresting John Carter, Servant of Sir Edward Seijnwur Baronet, a Member of this House; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow'; viz.

That the Committee had examined the said

John Carter: Who testified that Mr. James Buckly, and his Father, before the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Totnesse, had threatened him, if he opposed his Interest, that he should be arrested in an Action of Scandalum Magnatum, at the Suit of the Duke of Bolton: That, accordingly, since the Election, the said James Buckley had sent for Two Writs against him; and he was actually arrested upon the 27th Day of March last: That he was arrested by the said John Whitborough: Who told him, He must carry hini through the Town Prisoner; and then he was to have Three Guineas, or otherwise he was to have but One: And that he was carried Prisoner through the Town; and Whitborcrw afterwards told him, He had received Three Guineas: And the said John Cart cr further said, That he had served the Lady Seymour; and since her Death, hath served Sir Edward Seymour as his Bailiff, and collects his Rents, and has a Salary.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Vol. 13.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, '

That John Whitborow, of Exon, Bailiff, having arrested John Carter, a menial Servant to Sir Edzvarcl Seymour Baronet, a Member of this House, during the Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That James Buckley junior, an Attorney, being concerned in the arresting of John Carter, a Servant to Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, a Member of this House, during the Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said John Whitborcrw be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said James Buckly, for the said Breach of Privilege, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mi\ Lawton being brought, according to Order; Priviiege —

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lazvton be called in to the ^prie^ded

and dit-

Mr. Lawton was, according to Order, called in to the charged. Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lawton be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. '

The House being informed, That the late Commis- Commissioners of Accounts attended, according to Order; . sioners or

They were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the*

House the Books which the Commissioners of Prizes had reTpCec\itigSS brought to them: And also an Account of their Proceed-. Prizes, ings, with those of the Prize Office, since the 28th of.

February 1700.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Account of thelProceedings was read; which gave Satisfaction to the House, That the Commissioners of Prizes had not sufficiently pursued the Direction of tke

Precept of the said Commissioners of Accounts.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Proceedings of the late Commissioners for stating the Debt of the Army, &c.; with those of the Prizes, since that delivered into the Honourable House of Commons the 28th of Fe-» bruary last.

701, April 5th. Mr. Proudfoot and Mr. Portman, from the Commissioners for Prizes, brought to the Board Five Books, indorsed, Scheme 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.; and another intituled, " Copies of all Commissions in relation to Prizes;" together with the following Letter from the said Commissioners; which was read: And, the Postscript thereof requiring some Explanation; they were called in, and asked, What Account they could give of it ? To which they answered, That there had been Payments of several considerable Sums of Money, by their Agents, and Officers of Out Ports, which were not included in these Accounts: Upon which they were acquainted, That therefore the Books now brought could not be a fall Return to the Precept; and that an Answer should be sent to the Gentlemen this Afternoon.

Gentlemen, April 5th, 1701.

WE send you the Accounts of the Prize Office, according to the Scheme and Directions we have received from you; wffiich we have signed, and are ready to make Oath are true Accounts, according to the best of our Knowledge, desiring your Directions in w hat manner we shall make that Oath, since we are not at Liberty to attend you: And we further intreat you, That you would, be pleased to acquaint the Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, That the said Accounts are now in your Hands.

6 H You

486

*2

S.

J.

I'JOl

'Commissioners of Accounts — Proceedings respecting Prizes.

We are,

You will find some Blanks in the Books, Which, you 1st, They observed, That, in the Letter from die will please to observe, do not relate to the material Part Commissioners for Prizes of Yesterday, they were pleased of our Accounts; and they have been occasioned by the to say. That the Books they had sent contained all that Papers and Depositions transmitted to our Office, not the Precept required; whereas it did appear by the Return Wing alike particular in all Cases; and by Loss of some from the High Court of Admiralty, That there had been other Papers in the Hurry of Removal, when a Fire condemned there about 1,295 Ships; and in these Books

there is an Account of no more than 483.Ships, and the Ladings of 200 and odd more, which is not much more than Half. To which they answered, That several foreign Ships, condemned in that Courts were afterwards discharged; and therefore no Notice was taken of them in these Accounts. They were told. That this did not appear in the Books; and, though it were so, the Names of the said Ships should have been inserted, and an Account given of them accordingly. They were further acquainted. That, in one of their Books, they acknowledged to have received 297,686/. 14*. for the Ladings; ana 124,181/. gs. 2d. for the Hulls, Furniture, &c. of the Ships condemned as Prizes; making in all, 421,867/. 10*. 6d.; whereas it does not appear from these Books, that they have paid more than 323,591 /. 18*. 8 so that there should remain, in the Commissioners Hands, the Sum of 98,275/. li*. 10 To which they answered, That the Payments of their Agents in Out Ports would supply Gentlemen* York Buildings, April 5th, 1701. that, which they did not apprehend was required by the THIS Day we received from you Five Books, in- Precept; and that no Balance was remaining in their doreed, Scheme 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.; and one, intituled. Hands. They were told, That what they said, did not " Copies of all Commissions in relation to Prizes appear from these Books; and the Board conceived the which we shall require to be attested upon Oath, at a Commissioners were answerable for their Agents; and that Time more convenient for you: And we desire to know, the Payments made by them should have been brought If the said Books contain all the Return you are capable into this Account, as well as any other: And here it Was of making to our Precept ? observed to them, That, had the Instructions which ep-

We should have been glad to comply with your Re- pear in one of their Books, given, by the principal Corn-quest; but conceive it more proper for you to acquaint missioners, to the Sub Commissioners, and other Officers

in Out Ports, been complied with, and a proper Register of them made in their Office, they would have been able, with much less Difficulty than it appears now they can, to have answered the Schemes in the Precept They said, ia Answer, That the said Officers had been often pressed to do it, but could never be brought to comply. Then they were acquainted, That Copies were wanting of the Warrants and Orders from the King, Treasury, &c. for the Disposal of any Ships or Goods which wens required in

in the

happened some Years ago near our Office.

Gentlemen,

Your most humble Servants,

Jo. Parkhurst, John

We have several Accounts of the Out Ports Agents, Abstract of which we have not sent you; but are ready at any time to produce the Originals, ana their Vouchers, before you, when you will please to receive the same.

Brought by Mr. Proud foot and Mr.

Portman, from the Commissioners for Prizes, April 5th, 1701, at about Half an HourafterTwelve.

April 5th. This Afternoon the following Answer was seat by the Commissioners of Accounts:

York Buildings, April 5th, 1701.

the Honourable House of Commons what you have sent to us; our Time not permitting us to examine how far they are agreeable to tho Method prescribed. We are,

Gentlemen,

Your roo6t humble Servants. Subscribed by all the Commissioners.

And this Return received and read; vis.

Gentlemen, April 7th.

We are,

IN Answer to the Query you are pleased to put to the Body of the Precept: And they answered, That the us, Whether the Books sent you contain all the Return we Originals were with Mr. Jodrell, from whom they would are capable of making to your Precept; we do assure get Copies. Then they said, 1 he Commissioners for you, That the said Books do contain all that your Pre- Prizes desired the Board would acquaint the Honourable cept requires, according to the best of our Knowledge. House of Commons, That the Books brought in were

pursuant to the Precept and Schemes; and were told, That it was true, the Books did appear to be drawn in that Form; but that, besides what is before-mentioned, and what might further appear upon better Examination than it was possible for the Board to make in so short a time, and when so many other Matters were depending, some of the Columns were left wholly blank; and Reference made, for the filling them, to the Accounts of the Receiver General; who being always under their Direction, and ordered, by a Vote of the House, to assist them, they ought

Gentlemen,

Your most humble Servants,

Jo. Parkhurst, John Paschall.

To which this Answer was given.

7th April.

Gentlemen, York Buildings, Apr. 7th, 1701. WE received your Letter this Morning; but not finding, in the little Time we have had to look into the

Books received, on Saturday last, some Particulars required to have obliged f them to have enabled them to do it; and,

by our Precept, we desire you to order some Person to in other Places, Blanks were left, the filling of which was attend us Tomorrow Morning, to give us Satisfaction of Consequence; particularly it is not mentioned, when, or ' to whom, several Ships and Ladings were disposed: And,

upon the Whole, they were acquainted, That the House of Commons not having required die Commissioners to send them any Account of what Return had been made to the Precept, and these Defects appearing, they conceived, That what they had hitherto enabled them to say, could not be of much Service to them; and therefore desired they would make their Application as they thought fit.

April 9th. The following Letter was received from die Commissioners of Prizes:

Gentlemen,

THE Persons we desired to attend you, according to the Directions of your Letter in that behalf, having been with us, and given us to understand, That there are therein. We are,

Gentiemen,

Your most humble Servants,

Samuel Atkins, Thomas Lister, Geo. Langton.

April 8th. Minutes taken from the Books of the Commissioners of Accounts.

Mr. Proudfoot and Mr. P, from the Commissioners for Prizes, came to the Board; and were acquainted, That though the Commissioners had had but very few Hoors to look into the Books brought on Saturday; yet they had made some Observations, which led them to ask several Questions, and desire to receive Infoi illation therein from them.

This appears to be a Mistake; but the Sains agrte both with the Journal, and lUt original Paper, t 1 ia"bim" in the original Paper.

some

i3 W. III.

x 2° — 140 Aprish.

487

some Objections, in relation to ydur Precept, trhich . Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to translate you require us to answer; the said Letters; and report the same to the House:

We are very sorry that the Books we have given in, And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. St. John, which were, with indefatigable Labour, completed in so Mr. Hampden, Mr. Marquis of Mr.

short a time, should not, in all and every Particular, answer Winmngton, Sir Humph. , Dr.

the intention of your said Precept; and do assure you, Mr. Rowny, Mr. Secretary Colonel Granville,

we are not apprehensive that it did not contain any more Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. , Lord Spencer, Mr. than there is inserted in the said Books, having ottered to Hopkins, Sir John Phillips, Sir H. Lyddall, Sir Charley lay before you the original Accounts, and Vouchers of Pye, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bromley. Lord our Agents in the Out Ports: But, to the End that nothing Wm. Pawlet, Sir Sir John Wynm,

may be wanting on our Parts to give you Satisfaction in Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Crocker, Sir this Matter, we will forthwith cause such a further Ac- Thorold, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Henry count to be laid before you, as may particularly answer Bellasyse, Mr. Air. Blathwayte, Sir Henry

all those Objections you have made. We are, Seymour, Mr. Paget, Sir Seymour, Sir John Bods,

Jo. Parkhurst, Sir Wallet' Young, Mr. Compton, Mr. Prior, Colonel

Tower, 9th Apr. 1701. , John Paschall. Cornwall, Sir Robert Jenkynson, Mr. Finch, Mr.

stevens, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Walsh, Mr.

April 9th. The Gentlemen, who brought this Letter, Harley, Mr. Grimes, Mr. Hammond, Sir did offer, from the Commissioners for Prizes, to lay before Lord Mordant, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Onslowe, Sir Richard the Board the original Accounts for the Agents of the Out Onslowe, Mr. Dolben, or any Five of them: And they Ports, and their Vouchers; which, he said, were very are to meet at Four of the Clock, this Afternoon, in the voluminous, and would reauire a great deal of Time to Speaker's Chamber: And are to sit de die in diem. bring, in the Form of an Account: And they were answered, That, the Time of the Commission being now so The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Limifation of veiy short, it was impossible to make any Use of them; whole House, upon the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown, besides, it was always expected, that those should have the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties been brought into the general Account, answerable to the of the Subject.

Scheme of the Precept. To which they replied, That Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

it was impossible for them to do it within the Time. Sir John Bolls took the Chair of the Committee.

Thomas Morice, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

S. Atkins. Sir John Bolls reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to

Mr. Secretary Vernon, according to Order, presented them referred; and had directed him to move the House, to the House the Letters, and Copies of Letters, between That they may have Leave to sit again, himself and the Earl of Portland, relating to the Treaty Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning of Partition; with a List of them. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the said Bill.

And the List was read; and is as followeth;

List of Letters and Papers relating to the Treaty of Partition.

Earl of Portland's Letters of the J August 1698.

of the 5th September 1698. of the 9th September 1698. of the 16th September 1698.

A joint Letter from the Earl of Portland and Sir Jo seph Williamson, of the 27th September 1698. 5.

l6»8-

of the tV October 1698. of the 7 October 1698.

25th Oct. }

7 November) of the 7 November of the xr November Letters ®f the Earl oil, AugtBt l6gS.

1.

2.

3-

4.

6.

of the

7-

1

1698. 9.

1698. 1698.

Portland, - - jf w h

of the 21 st August 1698. of the 30th August 1698.

of the 2d September 1698.

of the 13th September 1698.

of the 27th September 1698.

of the 30th September 1698.

Letters to the Earl> c of Portland. - - f* the 7,h 0ct ,698;

of the 18th Oct. 1698.

of the 28th Oct. 1698.

of the 1st November 1698.

of the 30th Sept. 1698.

Instructions to Air. Stan-1 a"d, "r- Methuen this I fthe 28thSe t. f

Majesty s Envoys in Spam / r t

and Portugal, - - J

Copy of a Letter to Mr. Stanhand Mr. Methuen,

of the 8th Oct. 1698. 27. And the Letters and Copies are bound up with other Papers of tl?is Session*

VOL. 13.

10.

11.

12.

13*

14.

15.

16.

l7‘

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23-

24.

25.

26.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mary Stout, formerly stout's Pen-presented to this House, be read upon Thursday Alorn- tion. ing next.

Resolved, That the Bill for regulating, and making Regulating more useful, the Militia of this Kingdom, be read a Militia. Second time upon Monday Aioming next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Regulating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of whole Elections. House, to consider of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery, and other undue Practices in Elections; and for the preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliament

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luiue, 14* die A

1 3* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

A PETITION of Henry Guy Esquire, the sur- Resumption viving Trustee of the last Will and Testament of Chants, of Sir William Pulteney, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Sir William Poultney and his Ancestors, having for many Years past enjoyed, from the Crown, several Lands and Tenements within the Liberty of Westminster, by virtue of a Lease from King Charles the Second, for a Considerable Number of Years yet to come and unexpired, which Lease was granted on a valuable Consideration; that the Petitioner, and Sir Thomas Clarges; deceased, being appointed Trustees of the said Sir William Pultneys Will, were thereby directed to sell, among Other Things, all his Leasehold Estate; and, after Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Portions, to lay out

the

488 i4° AprA. 1701.

the Money drising thereby upon a Purchase of Lands in Fee-simple, for the Benefit of his Family: That the Petitioners, to effect the same, obtained a Decree in Chancery, to enable them to purchase a further Term of Years in Part of the said Lands and Tenements, and other Part thereof in Fee-simple, for the greater Benefit of the said Family: That, accordingly, they did purchase from his present Majesty, and the late Queen, a further /Term of Years, in Part of the stud Premises, and other Part in Fee-simple; which Consideration-money was really, and bona paid into his Majesty's Exchequer: That, since the said Purchase so made, Part of the- Premises has been sold to several Purchasers, -upon a full and valuable Consideration, as the said Will, Decree, and Letters Patent, direct: That, the last Parliament, an Act was passed for enabling the surviving Trustee of the said Sir William to make Leases for the raising of Monies for Payment of his Son Sir William Pultneys Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned; in which said Act the several Purchases, so made from the Crown, are recited, and all Sales of any Part of the Testator's Estate confirmed, and the Petitioner impowered to make further Sales of the Remainder of the Premises; by virtue whereof, the Petitioner hath contracted for the Sale of most of the remaining Part of the said Estate: That the Petitioner is informed there is a Bill depending, in this Honourable House, for resuming the Grants of all Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684; and for applying the same to the Use of the Publick; which, should it pass into a Law, would tend to..

... the Testator's Family: And praying, That this House will take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and grant the Petitioner Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resumption A Petition of Charles Booth Esquire was presented to

01 Gfauts. the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty, in Consideration of 915/. paid by the Petitioner, was pleased, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal, dated 15th June 1694, to grant unto the Petitioner certain Lands in Reversion, after the Queen Dowager, of 180/.: That the said Sum of 915/. was Part of the Petitioner's Wife's Portion; and the said Lands, in Consideration thereof, settled on the Petitioner s said Wife, and her Children: That his Majesty has been likewise pleased, in Consideration of Services done by the Petitioner, by his Letters Patents, dated 27th of June 1699,to grant unto the Petitioner a yearly Rent, for the Term of 21 Years, out of the Tenths of the Clergy; That the Petitioner understanding the re is a Bill depending, in this Honourable House, for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick: And praying a Clause may be inserted, in the said Bill, for saving the Petitioner's Right in the said Grant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Charles Duke of Albans and Diana Duchess of St Albans, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Marriage of the said Duke and Duchess of St. Alban, his Majesty, and the late Queen, were graciously pleased, by their Letters Patents, dated 14th August, in the 6th Year of their Reign, to grant unto the Petitioners One Annuity of* 1,000l. per Annum, issuing out of the Revenues following; viz..500l. per Annum out of the Revenues within the Principality of I Vales4, 5001, more out of the Revenues arising by Fines upon Alienation; and 1,000l. a Year Remainder thereof, out of the First fruits and Tenths of the Clergy; to hold to the Petitioners, for their Lives, and the longer Liver of them: That the Petitioners, understanding the re is a Bill depending for re-assuming all Grants since the Year 1684, are advised the same will

This is 2,000l. in the original Petition.

avoid their said Grant i And praying a Saving may be added, in the said Bill, for preserving the Benefit of the said Grant to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Catleriiing the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castleriseing, in the County of in the room of Thomas Howard Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Bernard Tanner Esquire, Uncle, and Tanner* Heir at Law, of John Tanner, late of Court, in the County Estate of Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That-the said John Tanner died seised in Fee of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, incumbered with several great Debts, secured by Mortgages, Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances, to the Value of 20,000l. and upwards; but having in his Lifetime made a voluntary Settlement thereof on the Petitioner for Life, and his Male Issue; Remainder to George Tanner, the Petitioner's Brother, who is an Infant; and the Petitioner having no Children; the Estate cannot be sold, for Payment of the said Debts; but is in Danger of being swallowed up by the Creditors, without Reserve of any Part to the Family: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate, or such Part thereof as will be sufficient for the Payment of the said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Tredenham and Mr. Hobly do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Cordelia Apsley, on behalf of her Four Alley's Children by Henry Apsley Esquire, her late Husband, Will, deceased, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That, in the Year 1676, in Consideration of Marriage, and 1,0001. Portion, the said Henry Apsley did settle an Estate of about 250 /. per Annum, upon himself, for Life; and afterwards, as to Part, to the Petitioner, for her Jointure; Remainder, as to the whole Estate, to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male; Remainder to his own right Heirs: That Part of the said Estate was the Manor of Hamersden, in the County of Sussex, of which several Copyholds were held; and inter alia, a Farm called Leavers, held by one Gabriel Egles, who afterwards, in the Year 1682, sold the same to the said Hemy Apsley, who took the Conveyance thereof in his own Name: That the said Henry taking the said Farm to be at his own Disppse, and intending to make Provision for his Six Younger Children, did, by his Will, in the Year 1685, devise, inter alia, the said Leavers Farm unto the Petitioner, Samuel Boys her Father, and William Boys her Brother, both since dead, and their Heirs, to be sold; and the Profits, until such Sale, to be equally divided among his Children, except his eldest Son Henry, at their Age of One-and-twenty, or Marriage; and in 1692, died: That, at his Death, he left the s&i&Henry, and John, Anne, Philadelphia, and Sarah,

Cordelia, and Dorothy;which said Henry is since dead; whereby John is become intitled to the said settled Estate of 250/. yearly: That the said Philadelphia and Dorothy are since dead; and the Petitioner hath taken upon her the Trust for the younger Children; and, having met with an advantageous Purchaser for the said Leavers Farm, upon Occasion whereof Counsel looking into the Title, they find, That, by reason of the Conveyance thereof to the said Henry Apsley, Lord of the Manor of which the same was holden, the same is become merged, in the said Manor; whereby the Petitioner cannot make a legal Settlement thereof, for raising the younger Children's Portions, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may

l'u-

1 Wii . Lu

iw M

tol of

' :tO

>J.

IV be

t the

ition

to

'.‘to

lor u-'

lor

Wi,

-fid Tap 3ty ha

ti

An

md

(t-

tilt

ft.

ti-

ff5

Oil

tr

re

5

it

d

if

13 W. III.

14" Jprilis.

be brought in to enable the Petitioner to perform the Will Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

of the said Henry Apsley, by Sale of the said Farm, pur- And Caudles/were brought in accordingly,

suant thereto. That the Lord Sommers be asked this Ques-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- tion; M ho informed him, That there was a Debate cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir in this House, relating to his Lordship

Barrio* to ns isUlc.

n, ZZm To! o7A£~it" ifhe pleased, reposelimiself in the Chair, And be

— -> — vi sat down, and was covered: And rose up again presently,

uncovered, and stood behind the Chair; and was heard

Philip Bolder and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Bill to enable Sir Charles Bonington Baronet, to settle a Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to

Then a Chair was set, by the Serjeant, a little within the Manner of Bar, on the Left-hand the coming in: And the Serjeant £j£?,ving had Directions to acquaint the Lord , That he

might come in.

And, the Door being opened, his Lordship came in, uncovered, making his Obeisances in the Passage, and at the Bar; and came up to the Chair.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted his Lordship, That be

licsh Water was committed. That they had examined the same; and heard William War Gentleman, whose Petition was referred to them; and made several Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same

what he had to offer to the House.

Afterwards Mr. Speaker asked his Lordship the Question directed by the House:

To which his Lordship said, That he was strangely surprised at a Question that he never knew was put to any

Heard in what be hod to offer.

.vere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one Man tha, came t# desire a Favour of llei heard anj by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon that> jf diat Question asked, to bring the least Pro-

agreed unto by the House. Ordered That the BUI,

ingrossed.

with the Amendments* be

leave of Absence.

Ordered That Sir John Conway have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, for Recovery of his Health.

Relating A' Bill for regulating, and making more useful, the

iiiliiim Militia of this kingdom, was, according to Order, read

a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

‘ Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Jwtim of Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Sevqn-JPrare, &c. night, take into Consideration, what bus been done in pursuance of his Majesty's most gracious Answer to the Address of this House last Session of Parliament^ in relation to the Justices of Peace, and Lieutenancy.

Ordered, That Mr. George Rodney Bridges ha, veLeave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the Committee appointed to translate the Letters between Mr. Secretary Vernon, and the Earl of Portland, relating to the Treaty for the Partition of the Spanish Dominions, That they had translated them accordingly: And he delivered them in at the 'Fable: Where the same, and the Copies of the Letters sent by Mr. Secretary to the Earl of

land'were read; all of them dated in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight.

And the said Translations are bound up with the Papers of this Session.

And the Treaty in the Year 1698, with the secret and separate Articles; and also the Treaty called the General Alliance, with the separate Articles, dated the i-2th of May 169S; were read.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Macc, into IVcst)muster-hall, and Court of Requests, and Places

Ifuve of Absence.

Partitirtl

Treaty.

judice to any one Man in England, he would not only be content to lie under the Censure of this House, but suffer the w orst Thing that might befal him upon Earth, rather than do such a dishonourable Thing.

And then his Lordship withdrawing, came back, and desired to leave with the House a Letter, his Lordship acquainted the House, that he had received from his Majesty; and which, he said, he had his Majesty's Leave to acquaint the House with; and also a Copy of his Lordship's Letter, he sent to his Majesty, in Answer thereof; which Letter, and Copy, his Lordship had mentioned in what he had offered to the House.

And he left the same accordingly:

And, then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question befng Resolution put, That John Lord Sommers, by advising his Majesty, that he is in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to fj/'hCrimes, the Treaty for Partition of thq Spanish Monarchy; where- & by large Territories of the King of Spaine's Dominions were to be delivered up to France; is guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Terror heY Mervforth

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That John Lord Sommers be impeached of j01* high Crimes and Misdemeanors. impeached.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourtdo go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons, and of all the Commons of England, impeach John Lord Sommers of high Crimes, and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House will, iu due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the same.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Earl Orford> That Edward Earl of QjJord, by advising his Majesty, Impeach-in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, ment-to the Treaty of Partition of the Spanish Monarchy;

1

198.

188/

I/'rd

Snmrjiiw's

tlesires to ic heard;

Admitted.

adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the whereby large Territories of the King of Spain's Domi-0 ' v .1 - ti - j- . 1 nions were to be delivered up to France; is guilty of a

high Crime and Misdemeanor;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

f Colonel Granville,

Tellers for heNoes*^ >48.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Edward Earl of Orford be impeached

Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

And a Debate being in the House, touching the Lord

o °

Sommers;

The House was informed, That the Lord Sommers had' beard, That the House was upon a Debate concerning him; And that he desired he might be admitted in; ‘and heard.

Resolved That the Lord Sommers he admitted in; and

heard.

Vox,. 13.

Tellers for the Yeas,} V. w

(Air. Bromley:

193.

of high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

6 I

Ordered,

14°- — 15° Aprilis. A. 1701*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

49°

Ordered, That Colonel Bye fly do go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons, and of all the Commons of impeach Edward

Earl of Orfordoihigh Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House will, in due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the 6ame.

lord A Afotion being made, and the Question being put,

flallifax's That Charles Lord Hby advising his Majesty, in Impeach* the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight to the ment. Treaty of Partition of the Spanish Monarchy; whereby large Territories of the King of Spain's Dominions, were to be delivered up to; is guilty of a high Crime

and Misdemeanor;

The House divided. l The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for } ,86.

Tellers for the Noes } 136.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved\That Charles Lord be impeached

of high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Mr. Bruges do go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons, and of all the Commons of England, impeach Charles Lord Hallifax of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House will, in due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the same.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 15° die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

PltA TEES.

Loflands,&e. A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat- il for naturalizing Adrian Lojkmd, and others, was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

resumption A Petition of Isabella Duchess of Grafton was pre-of Grants, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Executrix of Henry late Duke of Gref ton, her Husband, deceased, being possessed of Three-fourth Parts of Hevering Park, in the County of for the Remainder of a Term of 99 Years, granted to Sir Henry Hobart, and others, in Trust; his present Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, by Letters Patents, dated 13th of March, in the 5 th Year of their Reign, the better to enable the Petitioner to pay the Debts of her deceased Husband, did grant and demise unto John Hampden Esquire, and Thomas Caroell Gentleman, in Trust for the Petitioner, the said Three-fourth Parts of the said Park, for the Term of 99 Years, to commence after the Expiration of the said Term of 99 Years, granted to the said Sir Henry Hobart, and others: That the said 99 Years Term, granted to John Hampden and Thomas Coveil, as aforesaid, will not commence in Profit till the said 99 Years granted to the said Sir Henry Hobart shall be expired; That the Petitioner hath paid and satisfied the Debts of her said Husband, more than the Value not only of the Remainder of the 99 Years, which came to her as Executrix of her said Husband; but also of the said 99 Years granted to the said John Hampden and Thomas Coveil, in Trust for her: And praying a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for resuming the Grants, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Public!*; for saving of the Petitioners Right in the said Term of 99 Years.

Air. Bertie, according to Order presented to the House, Herne?* Wilt a Bill for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Herne: And the same was received.

A Petition of Sir Robert Killigrcw Knight, and Wil- Petition for limnKilligrew Esquire, on behalf of themselves, and other Participants and Drainers of Linsey Level was presented in^hTcierk'» to the House and read; setting forth, That a Bill being Cos tody, formerly brought into this House, concerning the Petitioners Interest in the said Level, several Deeds, Writings, and other Papers, were, by Order, lodged by the Petitioners, with the then Clerk of this House: That a Bill is now depending, in the House of Peers, concerning the same Matter; and a Hearing is appointed to be had this Day, at the Bar there; wherein the Petitioners shall have Occasion to make use of the said Deeds, Writings, and Papers: And praying, That the Clerk of this House, or some for him, may attend, with them, at the said Hearing.

Ordered, That the Clerk, or some for him, do attend/ with the said Writings.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitled. An Act Marsham'* to enable Sir Robert Marsham Knight and Baronet to dis- ^sUte* pose of Lands in Hertfordshire; and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled; was read the Third time.

And some Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 7th, L. 1st, after "that," leave out to the Word " all," in the 4th Line.

L. 43. after County, " leave out " to be " allowed and approved of by," and insert " shall be,

" and are hereby, vested and settled in."

L. 45. after " Penkhurst, " leave out " or " the Survivor of them," and insert " and their Heirs."

Pr. 8th, L. 3. after " Hertfordinsert " and."

L. 11. after " that," leave out " then, and " from thenceforth."

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordship s Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fortescue have leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Slawell have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon Extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate of Sir John Bowye/i Bffwyer Baronet, in Trustees, to enable him to make a Marriage Settlement, in order to his Marriage, was read the Third 1 *men time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir John Bouyer Baronet, in Trustees, to enable him to make a Settlement, in order to his Marriage.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereout©.

A Petition

ul;'i

Jit.

V-

1

1

- iMr. nw

1

1

.J

13 W. III.

159 Jpri

491

UiV

SuIKircTs Complaint it^ainst a Collector of Customs.

A Petition of Daniel Ballard was presented to the exhibit particular* Articles against him, and make good Ilouse, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hav- the same.

z\

lady BulJJy Estate.

Supply.

Li<ts of Lieu tenancy.

lord

Sommers'

Impeach-

ment.

Charge of Bribery against Mr. Shepherd, a Member.

ingsome time since exhibited Articles against John Dutton Colt Esquire, late Collector of his Majesty's Customs at Bristol; whereby he is charged with embezzling the King's Treasure, employing the same to his private Advantage; the Truth of which appears by his own Letters to the Lords of the Treasury; but, there being no Prosecutions against him, he hath proceeded with the utmost Violence against the Petitioner, under Pretence of great Sums of Money due to him, from the Petitioner; although there is due from him, to the Petitioner, 1,754/. as appears by a Note under his Hand; and the Petitioner, not l*oing able to find Hail, is become a Prisoner in the Fleet: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Heme, Mr. JFinning ton, Mr. Harley, Lord Pan-let, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Stone-house, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Dolben, Sir Charles Blogs, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Hammond, Sir John , Colonel

Byerly, Sir JFtn.Coryton, Mr. Mannattm, Sir John

Packington, Mr. G Wynne, Sir FMr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Cocfis, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Sir Sam.

Baniardiston, Mr. Mounstevens, Colonel Sir Tho.

IFagstaJfe, Sir I Falter Young, Sir Forays, Mr.

Gorges, Mr. Lawson, Sir John JFUliams, Mr. Thy tine, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Kaye, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Robert DSir Howe, Mr.

Dryden, Mr. Tredenham, Sis John Phillips: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Cham!>er: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Mr. Burges reported, That he had, according to Order, Lord Hal-been at the Lords; and impeached Charles Lord hfex'a Ini-

of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquainted the Peachment* Lords, That this House will, ip due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the same.

Ordered, That it he referred to the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment against William Earl of Portland, to draw up Articles of Impeachment also against the said John Lord Sommers, Edward Earl of Orford, and Charles Lord Halifax: And that

Mr. Bromley, Sir Thomas Metres, Mr. frinnington, Mr.

Tredenham, Mr. Harley, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Scobell,

Colonel Byerly, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Serjeant

Mr. Pagett, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That the Letters, and Copies of the Letters, presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary relat-

ing to the Partition Treaty; and the Translation of the said Letters; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Copy of the Letter from the Lord Sommers to his Lord Som- Majesty, which his Lordship delivered in to the House me"' *ftter Yesterday, dated the Eight-and-twentieth of August One to 1 e thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Sir, Tunbridge Wells, 28th August 1698.

HAVING your Majesty's Permission to try if the Waters would contribute to the Re-establishment of my Health, I was just got to this Place, when I bad the Honour of your Commands: I thought the best Way of executing them would be, to communicate to my Lord

whom the Bill to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth ford, Mr. Mount ague, and the Duke of Shrewsbury, who, Lady Bulkly to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, before I left London, had agreed upon a Meeting about and City, and County of the City, of Exon, for the Pay- that time, the Subject of my Lord 's Letter; at

roent of Debts, was committed, be received Tomorrow the same time letting them know, how strictly your Ala-

Morning.

jesty required, that it should remain an absolute Secret Since then, Mr. Mountague and Mr. Secretary are come hither; and upon the whole Discourse, Three

Things have principally occurred, to be humbly suggested to your Majesty;

1st, That the entertaining a Proposal of this Nature

Ear! Orford s Impeachment.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Afajcsty.

Mr. Secretary Vermn presented to the House several »"«"!* ",‘ended '!*» "W j" Consequences, if the Lists of the Lieutenancy; with a Schedule of them. French M not act. sincere Part; but we were soon at

Ordered That the said Lists do lie UDOn the Table, to £ase " to an? APPrehenslon of Sort> be, ng ful,y 1 , Af . assured, your Majesty would not act but with the utmost

be perused by the Alembers of the House. XT. , J. A- J c

And they ire bound np with the other Paper, of this *'f,?nesa ,n " AffaB wdere, D ?our °lor* and the e r r of Europe, were so highly concerned.

ession. The Second Thing considered, was, The very ill Pro-

Air. Harcourt reported, That he had, according to sPec* of n'hat was like to happen upon the Death of the Order, been at the Lords; and, in the Name of this KinS of in case nothing was done previously, to-House, and of all the Commons of England, impeached wards the providing against that Accident; winch seems John Lord Sommers of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; probably to be very near; the King of France having so and acquainted the Lords, That this House will, in due great a force in Readiness, that he was in a Condition time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make 10 take Possession of Spain before any of the other Princes good the same. ' could be ready to make a Stand: Your Majesty is the

best Judge whether this be the Case, who are so perfectly The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into informed of the Circumstances of all the Parts abroad. Consideration, how they will further proceed with relation But, so far as relates to England, it would be want of to the Crimes whereof Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, Duty not to give your Majesty this clear Account: That stands convicted before this House. there is a Deadness, and Want of Spirit, in the Nation

Resolved, That the said Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, universally, so as not at all to be disposed to the Thoughts shall be expelled this House. of entering into a new War; and that they seem to betired

Resolved, That the said Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, out with T axes, to a Degree # beyond what was discerned, do receive the said Sentence at the Bar of this House. till it appeared upon Occasion of the late Elections: This Ordered, That Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, be is the Truth of the Fact, upon which your Majesty will brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning: determine what Resolutions are proper to be taken.

And that Mi-. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly. That 'which remained, was, The Consideration what

would be the Condition of Europe, if the Proposal took Colonel Byerly reported, That he had, according to place: Of this we thought ourselves little capable of judg-Order, been at the Lords; and impeached Edward Earl ing; but it seemed, that, if Sicv/y was in the French Hands, of Orford of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and they would be intirely Alasters of the Levant Trade: acquainted the Lords, That this Ilouse will, in due time, That if they were possessed of Final, and those other

The Word " beyond" is inserted from the original Letter.

Vol. 13. . Sea

Addfts&i for removing Lord Somber?, &c.

49 3

*5

Allot.

Sea Ports on that Side, whereby ]flilan Would be intirely shut out from Relief at Sea, or any Commerce, that Dtaeliy would be of little Signification in the Hands of any Pfitfce; and that, its the King of Frame had Possession of Past of Guipuscoa which is mentioned* in the Propoeai, besides the Ports he would have in the Ocean, it doesJsecm lie woald have as easy a W<E/of iavading Sfittin'ort that Sidas he now has on the Side'of Cata-low'd

But il is not to be hoped, that France will quit its Pretences to so great a Succession, without considerable Advantages; and, we are all assured, your Majesty will reduce the Terms as low as can be done, and make them,. as for as is possible? in the present Circumstances of Things, such as* nfray be* some Foundation for the future: Quiet of Christendom; which, all your Subjects cannot but be Convinced, is your true Aim: If it could be brought to pass, that Englmd might be some way a Gainer by this Transaction, whether it was by the Hector of Bavaria, who fe the Gainer by your Majesty's Interposition in this Treaty, bte coming to an Agreement to let us into some Trade to the Spanish Plantations, or in any other manner, it would wonderfully endear your Majesty to your English Subjects.

It does not appear, in case this Negotiation should: proceed, u hat is to be done on your Part, in order to make it take place; whether any more be required, than that the English and Dutch should sit still, and France itself is to see it executed: And> if that be so, what Security ought to be expected; that if, by our being Neuters, the French be successful, they will confine themselves to the Terms of the Treaty, and not attempt to make further Advantages of their Success.

_ I humbly begyour Majestyrs Pardon, that these Thoughts are so ill put together: These Waters are known to discompose and disturb the Head, so as almost totally to disable one from Writing. I should be extremely troubled,

\( my Absence from London has delayed the Dispatch of in Blank, to treat with Count Tattbrd: I believe this may

Majesty, That he will be pleased to femove Edward Earl of Or ford from his Council and Presence* foi* ever.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased* to removeCharles Lord Halifax from his Council and Presence for ever.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to remove IVdliam Earl of Portland from his Council and Presence for ever.-

Resolved, That an Address be drawn up, upon the said Resolutions; and, upon the Debate of the House, to be presented to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who are to draw up the said Articles of Impeachment, to draw up the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Mr. Bruges reported, That he and Mr. Howe had, The Kin$ according to* Order, translated the Letter from his Majesty to the Lord Sommers: And he delivered the same in at the Table; Where the said Translation was read; and is as followeth;

At Loo, the of August 1698.

I imparted to you, before I left England, rlh?X\n France there was expressed to my Lord Portland some Inclination to come to Agreement with me, concerning the Succession of the King of Spain; since which, Count Tul-lardhdOh mentioned it to me; and hath made Propositions, the Particulars of which my Lord Portland will write to Vernon, to whom I have given Orders not to communicate them to any other beside yourself; and to leave to your Judgment, to whom else you would think proper to impart them; To the End T might know your Opinions upon so important an Affair, and which requires the greatest Secrecy, if it be fit this Negotiation should be carried on, there's no Time to be lost; and you must send me the full Powers, under the Great Seal, with the Names

the Commission one Day. I have put the Seal to it without expecting the Return of the Warrant which Mr. Secretary sent; begging of your Majesty, that it may be soon transmitted to myself, or to Mr. Secretary, so as it may not be known but that I had it in time. You wilt be pleased to observe, that Two Persons, as the Commission is drawn, must be named in it; but the Powers may be executed by either of them; I suppose your Majesty will not think it proper to name Commissioners w ho are not English, or naturalized, in an Affair of this Nature.

I pray God give your Majesty Honour and Success in all your Undertakings! I am, with the utmost Duty and Respect,

Sir,

Your Majesty's most dutiful, and

most obedient SubjecLand Servant

The Commission is wrote by Mr. Secretary; and I have had it sealed in such a manner, that no Creature has fee least Knowledge of the Thing, besides the Persons already named.

Ordered, That the said Copy of fee said Letter be deferred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Bruges and Mr. Hcrwe do withdraw into the Speakers Chamber, and translate a Letter from his Majesty to the Lord Sommers, dated August 4-f 1698, which his Lordship also Yesterday delivered in to this House; and report fee same to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That lie will be pleased to remove John Lord Sommers from his Council and Presence for ever;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

162.

tellers for the Yeas^ W

tellers for the Noes \^‘^&rickland: } 107‘

So it was resolved iii the Affirmative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

be done secretly, that none but you and Vernon, and those to whom you shall have communicated it, may have Knowledge of it; so that fee Clerks, who are to write the Warrant, and the full Powers* may not know what it is. According to all Intelligence, the King of Spain cannot outlive fee Month of October; and the least Accident may carry him off every Day. I received Yesterday your Letter of the 9th. Since my Lord Wharton cannot at this time leave England, I must think of some other to send Ambassador to Spaine: If you cun think of any one proper, let me know it, and be always assured of my Friendship. WILLIAM It

Ordered, That fee said Letter and Translation be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The Order for the Report from the Committee of Pri- East R< vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Electi(A rough of East Retford, to be made this Day, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be received upon Thursday next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telia, for teY

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Report be now received.

Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, reported, from the said Committee, the Matter touching the said Election, and the Resolutions of fee Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at fee Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Wiltoughby Hickman Baronet, complaining of an undue Election of Thomas While Esquire, to serve for the Borough of East Retford:

That

w

13 W. III. 150 Aprilis. 493

That the First Thing that came in question before the Committee, was, the Right of Election:

The Petitioners Counsel insisted, That the Right was in the Burgesses being Freemen at large; the Sitting Members Counsel insisting, That the Right was only in the Freemen resident within the Borough.

Upon the Poll, there was,

For the Sitting Member, 24.

For the Petitioner, - 17.

That the Petitioner, as to the Right of Election, called several Witnesses:

William Bunby said, That Sir Edward Ncvill, though not resident, voted above 14 Years ago, and in several Elections, and continued an Alderman: That his Brother Richard Bunby continued Auditor, and did vote when not resident:

That Razcson was out of Town above a Year and Day, and voted at last Election, and had been a Soldier for 3 Years; however it was acknowdeged, That his Wife lived in Town: That William Gabitus voted, a Dozen Years ago, in the Election of an Alderman, or junior Bailiff; and Robert Mason voted the last Election before this.

Laurence King said, That, in King Charles the 2d s Time, John Ryley had lived above a Year and Half out of Town, at JVheatly; and.was sent for to vote; and his Vote was not questioned.

JVm. Moody said, That William Atkinson continued Alderman when he lived out of Town, and has voted for Officers; but himself had lived out of Town Twenty Years.

That the Petitioners insisted further, That the nonresident Burgesses were only excluded by an Order of the Corporation.

And they produced an Order, in an ancient Book, made by the Bailiffs and Aldermen, by which several Persons, not resident within the Borough, are, by Name, disabled and exempted from giving of any Voices at or for any Election or Elections whatsoever: And, in the same Order, it is order&d, established, and decreed, by the Bailiffs, and the Aldermen, That if any Burgess or Burgesses of the said Borough shall, at any time then after, remove his or their Dwelling or Dwellings forth of the Liberties of the said Borough, and so shall continue the same for the space of One whole Year; that then all and every such Burgess and Burgesses shall from thenceforth be and stand likewise disabled and exempted from giving of any Voice or Voices at or for any Election or Elections whatsoever within the said Borough.

That the Sitting Members Counsel insisted, That the Non-residents had no Vote: And called,

Richard Brownlowe; who was Apprentice at East Retford in 51:

William Jessop; who had known East Retford 46 Years: And,

Marmaduke Cotton; who had known East Retford 40 Years:

And they said, That they took the Custom of East Retford to be, That if any Freeman w as absent a Year and Day, he did lose his Right to vote: And Jessop also said, That there was some Order to that Purpose.

And Brownlowe said, he was denied his Vote, being not resident, though he lived but Half a Mile off Ret-t ford: And Cotton said, That one Popple could never have a Vote, though he lived within a Quarter of a Mile of East Retford.

That the Committee, bpon considering the Evidence, and the Order that was produced, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, is as 'well in the Burgesses non-resident, as in the Burgesses resident, within the said. Borough.

That the Petitioner then proccded to give Evidence of such Persons w>ho had a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioner, and were refused:

And by the Town Books, it appeared, That Richard Vo l. 13.

Bunby, John Hodgkin, Wdiiam Gabitas, Robert Afasony EastRetford Geo. Poppliwell, were disfranchised: The first Four was, Election, for Non-residency: The Objection to the othefs Disfranchisement, was, That it was by the Bailiffs and Aiders men, without the Consent of the Burgesses.

ff ll/iam Nicholls said, That Joint Leary was the eldest Son of a Freeman; and was sworn by William Popple-welly the junior Bailiff:

.And that drew' on another Question, of the Qualifications that intitled any Person to his Freedom; the Petitioner s Counsel insisting, That all the Sons of a Freeman, and all such as had served an Apprenticeship, had a Right to their Freedoms: The Sitting Member's Counsel did not controvert the Right by Service; but insisted, That no Person had a Right by Patrimony, but the eldest Son born after his Father was a Freeman.

And thereupon the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses:

JVm. Bunly said. That himself, and Robert Mason, were both younger Sons of Freemen, and, as such, were made free about 11 Years ago.

Thomas Aloody said, lie w as the Second Son of a Freeman, and served an Apprenticeship at Mansfield\ and that he, and his Two younger Brothers, were made free by his Father's Copy, paying the Court Fees.

William Aloody, the eldest Son, was called: And eon* firmed the Testimony of Thomas Aloody: And said, That William Smithy the younger Son of a Freeman, was made free; and that he never knew any Freeman's Son denied,-paying the Court Fees.

That as to the Persons so intitled, and refused;

William Nicholls said, That Martin Colton junior is the only Son of a Freeman: That Robert Ready John Hodgkin, are the eldest Sons of Freemen: That Thomas Boncfant, John Colton, and Savile Atkynsony were the Sons of Freemen; and besides that, Savile Atlcynson, has been an Apprentice: That Boncfant and Colton had demanded their Freedoms, and w>ere sworn by Poppleivell, the junior Bailiff, in 98; and that all the rest of them had, some Years before this Election, demanded their Freedoms, and w^ould have voted for the Petitioner at the Election:

That it w'as testified, That there w as a Court held since Michaelmas; but Nicholls said, These Persons durst not offer themselves then, because they had been before threatened to be laid by the Heels, if they did; and one of them, particularly Tho. Bonifanty was committed; but it w as the Election before this.

Martin Colton said, That John Stevenson and Thomas Ryley had served him 7 Years as his Apprentices, and had demanded their Freedoms, and were denied: The Objection to Stevenson was, That, by a Covenant in his Indenture, he was to serve the London Carrier as a Porter, as he did before he was bound Apprentice; and accordingly he did attend the said Carrier once a Week, as his Porter: The Objection to Ryley was, That the Indentures, by w'hich he claimed his Freedom, were out so long before he asked his Freedom, that they gave a Suspicion.

That there was also Thomas Clarke, w ho had served as an Apprentice Five years to a Freeman, wrhen his Master died; apd it was testified, That there was no other of that Trade in Tow n.

And it was said, That these Persons wrould have voted for the Petitioner.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give Evidence of indirect Practices:

That it did appear, That at this Election, the Doors were shut, and none but the Freemen resident admitted to be present.

William Francis said, That Mr. Chappclly Steward to the Duke of Newcastle, did Promise him to help him to an Exciseman's Place, if he would be for Mr White:

And,

William Johnson said, That Mr. Chappell did make an Interest for Mr. 1 Plate.

Stephen Johnson said, Richard Winn, w ho voted foi Mr. White, declared, He could not be for Sir IPilloughty, because he owed a Debt'to one Diuistan; and, if he (S K would

494

150 Jprilis. A.i-joi.

East Retford, would vote for Mr. White, Dunston would forgive him Election, the Debt.

John Appleby said, That a Fortnight before Michaelmas, Mr. Reynolds junior came to his House; and, talking of making Freemen, he said, If the said Mr. Appleby would vote for Mr. Thornhagli, and his Friend, he would speak to Mr. Bailiff Jackson to let him have his Freedom: James Clarke said, That in November, Mr. Bailiff Jackson asked him, If he was willing to have his Freedom. To which he answered, Yes; provided he might vote for whom he would: The said Jackson replied, If that be your Principle, I have nb more to say.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member insisted. That they should add several to their Poll, and take off several from the Petitioner's Poll; and also shew' indirect Practices by the Petitioner.

That, as to the Right and Manner of making free; John Reynolds said, That the Manner of making free was, That such who desired their Freedom, come to the Bailiffs, and make their Request; who bid them acquaint the Aldermen with it; and then, if the Aldermen condescended, next Court they were admitted to their Freedom: That he had known the Corporation between 30 and 40 Years; and no younger Son, to his Knowledge, as such, has been made free. And,

JVm. Holland said, That Martin Colton came, 23d of September, into Court, to demand his Freedom; and he was told, He might come next Court, and have it. And, John Walker said, That, about 18 or 2fo October last, Martin Colton declared, That he might have his Freedom; but he would save his Money towards buying a Hat.

Joh?i Reynolds said, That Robert Read was born a Year or Two before his Father took up his Freedom; and he said, He never knew any Person to have any Right to his Freedom, who was born before his Father was free; and that Mr. Jackson, for that Reason, came in by Redemption, though the eldest Son of a Freeman, having been refused 9 or 10 Years: And he also said, That they commonly have the Consent of the major Part of the Aldermen, in case of making free; and that he never knew the junior Bailiff hold Court for that Purpose:

That the Answer to AtIcynsony was, That he had not served out his Time:

That to Stevenson, That he had served the Carrier, by Covenant, Part of his Time.

William Booth said, That Thomas Ryley, 23d of last September, desired his Freedom, and produced Indentures of an old Date; and the Court desired to be satisfied of his Service; and never heard of him since:

That, as to Clarke, the Answer was. That he had served but 5 Years.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded to give Evidence against that had polled for the Petitioner, as having no Vote: And called,

Wm:Bellamy, Wm. Booth: Who said, That, towards the Middle of last November, they overtook Edward Fox, as he was coming from Teuxbury Market; who said, That when he took Gabitas' Shop, it was upon Consideration, that he should vote as Mr. Wharton pleased.

Wm. Booth said, That William Buttery was very poor; and has received 2 s. a Year, for several Years, of Mr. Wharton's Gift, which was commonly paid in April and May.

Bellamy said, That Geo. Hoskyns was at Edward Thompsons House; and Bellamy, drinking Mr. White's Health, said, He believed that Mr. White was an honest Gentleman; but he owed Mr. Wharton and Mr. Nicholls Money, and he durst not vote for Mr. White, because they would arrest him; and Tears ran down his Face: That Martin Colton receives 20s. a Year of Clerk's Charity; and is a very poor Man; and was excused his Rent by the Corporation, in respect of his Poverty: However, it was acknowleged, That he was free, and had always voted.

That, by way of adding to the Sitting Member s Poll; they called,

Mr. Lozvther: Who said, That he did, at the Request of Mr. Tucker, demand of the Bailiff, that Mr. Thorn* hagh, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Brozvnlow, and Mr. Storrs, might be polled for Mr. Thornhagh and Mr. White. And,

Mr. Jessop said, That these were all in Town at this Election, and were Freemen, though not resident; and particularly, that Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Jessop, and Mr. Brownlow, had demanded to be polled:

That, as to the shutting the Doors at this Election, it appeared to have been the Practice to do the like at former Elections.

That then the Sitting Member's Counsel called Witnesses to the Point of Bribery:

Rebecca Holland said, That a Week before the Election, Mr. Nicholls sent to her Husband to drink a Glass, of Ale with him; and that John Greathead, of Worksoppe> told her, That if she could persuade her Husband to vote for Sir Willoughby Hickman, he would give him 10/..; and that Greathead told her, Mr. Nicholls had sent him to know if her Husband would vote for Sir Willoughby Hickman; and said, She might have Twenty Guineas: And that Mr. Nicholls asked her, if her Husband did not deal in wild Leather; and told her, If her Husband would be for Sir Willoughby Hickman, he should have the Income of Three Parks: That she told her Husband of it the Night before the Election; but her Husband did actually vote for Mr. White and Mr. Thornhagh.

William Holland said, That, the Saturday after Christmas, John Greathead told him, He might have Money as-well as the rest; and, if he would vote for Sir Willoughby Hiclcman, he would give him 10/. and afterwards lie invited the said Holland to his House; and told him, He had told Berry all; and if he would be for Sir Willoughby, he might have 10/. home with him.

Edward More said, That, Six Days before the Election, Mr. Nicholls sent for him, and asked him, If he wanted Money: To which he answered, That he did want 50/. Nicholls said, If he would vote for Sir Willoughby, lie should have it; and Luke Fryth told him, He might have the Close, if he would vote for Sir Willoughby, with 40 or 50 L to put him into Stock; which is now taken by another.

Richard Pdlfryman said, That George Wharton came to his House, a little before the Election, and desired him to be for Sir Willoughby \ and he would have given him Aloney; and that afterwards he was at Air. Nicholls, and offered Aloney again; and they put their Hands in their Pockets, but did not shew him any Money.

Marmaduke Cotton said, That on, 13th February last, Mr. Nicholls, Bailiff of the Hospital, came to the Hospital, where he lives, and threatened him, If he concerned himself to tell the Customs of the Town, or any thing else, he should be turned out of the Hospital; and that he has since heard, that his Pay is stopped: However, it was acknowleged, That upon a Quarrel, the said Cotton had struck a Alan over the Head.

Thomas Razvson said, He was threatened if he voted for Mr. Thornhagh and Mr. White, he should be arrested: and that he did vote for them, and was arrested Three Times the Election Day.

Bellamy said, That Mr. Hoar the elder, upon 8th January last, came to Thompson's House, and said, He was for Sir Willoughby, and were for such Gentlemen as were for the Country, and not for the King; for he said, when the Parliament gave 4 s. in the Pound, the Country had the Advantage of not more than 2$. 6d.; and he said Mr. White should not sit in the House.

Bellamy, Lowther, said, That Mr. White was invited by the Corporation to stand, and desired to be excused: Whereupon the Corporation would have had Air. IJexvct to stand; but that Mr. Hewet excused himself; for that his Health would not serve: And afterwards Air. White declared, If the Corporation would choose him he would serve: And Lozvther said, That Application had been made to Mr. Thornhagh junior to stand, and he had declined it, before Mr. White declared he would stand.

And

13 W. III.

150 — 16° Aprilis.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas White Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Willoughby Hickman Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, is as well in the Burgesses non-resident, as in the Burgesses resident, within the said Borough.

The Second Resolution being read the Second time; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas White Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham-,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

: ‘*8'

Tefasfo^eNocI

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Willoughby Hickman Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, by rasing out the Name of Thomas White Esquire, and inserting the Name of Svc Willoughby Hickman Baronet, in the room thereof.

ration Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of

testant the Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Trans-,n- lation of Bishops from one See to another; be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

495

Dryden, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Yates, Mr' Bertie, Sir Geo.

Hungerford, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Henry Bunbury, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Lee, Sir Wm. Coiyton, Mr.

Mannaton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Worseley, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Blcmfeld, Sir Sam. Bernardiston,

Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir William Yorke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. England, Sir Edward Turner; and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Vaughan, according to Order, reported from the LadyBulkl/s Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Right Ho- Estate, nourable Elizabeth Lady Bulkly to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City, and County of the City, of Exon, for the Payment of Debts, was committed,

That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act west Kirby for vesting the Estate q{ Thomas Bennet, late of Newton Poor Estate. cum Larton, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Bennet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Earl of Dysert,

Sir Hemy Bunbury, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Mompesson, Sir John Kay, Mr: Offley, Sir Philip Sydenham, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Lee, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Worsley, Sir Charles Barrington, Mr. England,

Mr. Blofeild, Sir William Yorke, Mr. Cox, Mr. Stone-house, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Dore, Mr. Dot ben, Mr.

Brewer, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Henry Goodrick, Lord Fairfax; and all that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tion

i Bill; lption mts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the Sixth Ddy of February One thousand Six hundred Eighty-four; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ABILL for vesting a certain Messuage and Lands in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold; and for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provisions secured to them out of the said Estate; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Mr. Scobell, Sir Samuel Garrard\ Mr. Gwynne, Mr, Vol. 13.

A Petition of Hannah Treviso, Widow and Relict of Trevisa's Peter Trevisa, late of Croradon, in the County of Corn- Estate. wall Esquire, and Thomas Trevisa, an Infant of the Age of Fourteen Years, by the said Hannah Trevisa, his G uardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Trevisa Esquire was seised of several Estates in Cornwall; and mortgaged the greatest Part thereof, for 1,700l. to Anthony Rouse Esquire; which said Alortgage is now vested in one John Lithcby; and afterwards made his Will, and gave the said Estates to his Brother the said Peter Trevisa, and his Heirs: That afterwards the said Peter Trevisa, upon his Marriage with the Petitioner Hannah, settled some Part of the same Estates, chargeable with an Annuity of One hundred Pounds per Annum, to the Petitioner Hannah, for Life, for her Jointure; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail; and other Part to his younger Sons and Daughters in Tail; and is since dead; and hath left Issue, by the said Hannah, the Petitioner, Thomas his eldest Son, John, Peter, Henry,

James, Jonathan, Grissilla, and Theodosia, other Children:

That the said Litheby has entered, and got a Decree for a Foreclosure; but is willing, notwithstanding, to accept of his Principal and Interest, if paid in a short time: That, by reason of the Infancy of the Petitioner Thomas, the Estate cannot be sold; and the Estates unmortgaged will not answer the Ends of the Settlement, and afford near 100l. per Annum Jointure for the Petitioner Hannah:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estates, as well for raising Monies to discharge the said Mortgage, as for the Alaintenance of the Widow', and her Children.

Ordered,

496

16° Apr

A-1701.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Cordon and Mr. Manmton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Davison'* Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of William Davison Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and raising Children's Portions, charged thereupon; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Persons concerned therein had given their Consents to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read m his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kidd desires The House being informed, That Captain Kidd had

the Use of sent to the Commissioners for executing the Office of

Custody^f111 Lord High Admiral of England, That he may have the the Clerk. Use of his Commission, and some other Papers, at his Tryal; which Things now lie before the House;

Ordered, That the said Commission, and such other Papers as Captain Kidd desires, be delivered, by the Clerk of this House, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

Rosswell's

Estate.

A Bill for vesting the Estate of Gervas Roswell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances to which the same is liable; and for making Provision for the Maintenance of the Granddaughters of the said Gervas; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

East Record The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to Return Order, amended the Return for the Borough of East amended. Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

Leave of . Ordered, That Mr. Greenhill have Leave to go into Absence. the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Daines have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Fawconer's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to John Fazvconer Esquire in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Cornhwy, Mr. England, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Freeke, Sir Richard Cocks, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Stonekouse, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Jervois, Mr. JVorseley, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Lee, Sir John Kay, Mr. Smith, Colonel Leigh, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Phipps, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Samuel Garrard, Mr. Blofeild, Sir James How; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ditto. A Petition of Edmund Fazvconer, inhabitant in the

Parish of JVandsworth, in the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill from the Lords, now depending in this House, for vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to John Fawconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts: That the said Estate is of the yearly Value of 500l. per Annum, and the Petitioner next Heir to the same: And praying, That

he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Eill is committed.

A Petition of Simon Mayne Esquire, was presented to Km/l the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles01 the Second, by Letters Patents, dated 2,5th June, in the 15th Year of his Reign, did lease unto Sir William Smith Baronet, in Trust for William Bcke, the Tythes of 286 Acres of Land in the Parish of Dinton, in the County of Bucks, for 3ity Years, at 5/. yearly Rent: That the Petitioner did purchase the same of the Assignee of the said William Bcke; and, at the Expiration of the said Term, applied himself to the Lords of the Treasury fur a new Lease; who granted the same for 311y Years, at the same Rent: And praying, That, since the aforesaid Tythes were no Part of the Crown Lands, but a forfeited Estate, and the Petitioner being a Purchaser upon a valuable Consideration, the House will consider his Case in the Bill for Resuming of Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the s£id Bill is committed.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the ApM House a Bill for the better Performance of the Will of 'M Henry Apsley Esquire, deceased: And the same was received.

A Bill for lessening the Number of Attornies and Lessen^ Solicitors; and for regulating their Practice; was read a the Nud Second time. . of AUo"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bartk Shower, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Moim* stevens, Mr. St. John, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Mount ague,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Brewer, Sir J Vi Hough by Hickman, Mr.

Eyre, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Dovers,

Mr. Dolben, Mr.' Of ley Mr. Harley, Mr. England, Mr. Chetzvynd, Sir JV. Hustler, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Walpole, Lord Cults, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Blofeild\ Sir Robert Austin, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Eykins, Mr. Masters,

Lord Edward Russell, Mr. Topham, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Towncsend, Mr. Duke, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir William Drake, Sir John Phillips, Sir Tho. mas JVagsiaffe, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Williams, Sir Thomas Willoughby, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Fuller, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Soames; and all of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners insolvent for Debt be read Tomorrow Morning. Debtors.

Ordered, That Jpkn Bubb, having refused to obey an Privilege-Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, in A Wittes a Matter which was depending before them, touching the Election for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; and having since abused the Clemency of this House; be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the same.

r

A Petition of Hugh Mason, in Custodyof the Serjeant at Arms, for endeavouring, by Threats and Promises, to procure Mr. Bransby to influence the Election of William Coatsworth Esquire* to be a Member to serve for the Borough of Great Grimsby, was presented to the House, and read; begging Pardon for his Offence, and acknow-leging the same: And praying to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Hugh Mason be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to.

Privilege A Person

iwtiti II

liia Discharge.

Mr.

13 W. III. 16° — 170 Jpri497

for

1

5

oers,

Sec.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom it Mas referred to draw up an Address, upon the Resolutions Yesterday, and upon the Debate of the House, to be presented to his Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is* as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons in Parliament assembled, do humbly crave Leave to represent to Your Majesty the great Satisfaction we have, from our late Inquiry concerning the Treaty of Partition, made in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, on which the Treaty in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine was founded, to see Your Majesty's great Care of your People, and this Nation, in not entering into that Negotiation without the Advice of Your English Counsellors; and find, That John Lord Somers, on whose Judgment Your Majesty did chiefly rely in that so important Affair, did, in Concert with Edward Earl of Orford, and Charles Lord Halifax, advise Your Majesty to enter into that Treaty, of so dangerous a Consequence to the Trade and Welfare of this Nation; and who, to avoid the Censure which might justly be apprehended to fall on those who advised the same, endeavoured to insinuate, That Your Majesty, without the Advice of your Council, entered into that Treaty; and under Your sacred Name to seek Protection for what themselves had so advised: Of which Treatment of Your Majesty, we cannot but have a just Resentment: And, that they may be no longer able to deceive Your Majesty, and abuse Your People, we do humbly beseech Your Majesty, That you will be pleased to remove John Lord Somers, Edward Earl of Or ford, and Charles Lord Halifax, from Your Council and Presence for ever; as also William Earl of Portland, who transacted these Treaties, so unjust in their own Nature, and so fatal in their Consequences to this Nation, and the Peace of Europe.

And the Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " And we humbly crave Leave, upon this Occasion, to " repeat our Assurances to Your Majesty, That we will " always stand by, and support, Your Majesty, to the " utmost of our Power, against all Your Enemies, both " at home and abroad And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Nemine contradicente.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made, by adding these Words, " And to prevent the ill Consequences that seem to threaten the Peace of Europe, " and the Interest and Trade of this Nation, by the present Union of France and Spaine-,"

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Words be added;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put: And The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tpiipro for thp Vpas fIx)rcl Pawlett,

Idlers lor the Ye*s>lS\r

Tellers for the Noes: ]2o8‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended, to be presented to his Majesty; and is as followeth; viz.

>120.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do humbly crave Leave to represent to Your Majesty the great Satisfaction we have, from our late Inquiry concerning the Treaty of Partition, made in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, on which the Treaty of One thousand Vol. 13.

Six hundred Ninety-nine was founded, to see Your Majesty's great Care of Your People, and this Nation, in not entering into that Negotiation without the Advice of Your English Counsellors; and finding, That John Lord Some?'s, on whose Judgment Your Majesty did chiefly rely in that so important Affair, did, in Concert '

with Edward Earl of Orford, and Charles Lord Hallifax, advise Your Majesty to enter into that Treaty, of so dangerous Consequence to the Trade and Welfare of this Nation; and who, to avoid the Censure which might justly be apprehended to fall on those w'ho advised the same, endeavoured to insinuate, That Your Majesty, without the Advice of Your Council, entered into that Treaty; and under Your sacred Name to seek Protection for what themselves had so advised: Of which Treatment of Your Majesty, we cannot but have a just Resentment:

And, that they may be no longer able to deceive Your Majesty, and abuse Your People, we do humbly beseech Your Majesty, That You w ill be pleased to remove John Lord Somers, Edward Earl of Orford\ and Charles Lord Hallifax, from Your Council and Presence for ever; and also William Earl of Portland\ who transacted these Treaties, so unjust in their own Nature, and so fatal in their Consequences to this Nation, and the Peace of Europe: And we humbly crave Leave, upon this Occasion, to repeat our Assurances to Your Majesty,

That we will always stand by, and support, Your Majesty, to the utmost of our Power, against all Your Enemies, both at home and abroad.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, When he will be attended by this House.

Mr. Shepherd being brought, according to Order; Mr. Shep-

He was brought in to the Bar, by the Serjeant, with a the Mace: Where, he being upon his Knees, Mr. expelled'and Speaker pronounced the Sentence of his being expelled remanded to this House. the Tower.

And he was remanded to the Tower: And Mr. Speaker issued his Warrant accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve Supply, a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis9 \V die Aprilis; 13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A BILL to naturalize Archibald Arthur, and enable Arthur'sNat* him to settle and dispose of his Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Heme, Herne's Will, dated the 25th Day of February 1698, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Heme, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gower, according to Order, presented to the Edwards' House a Bill for confirming a Decree, made in Chancery, ^cree in between John Edwards Gentleman, complaining against L aacer7^ Sir Francis Charlton Baronet, and other Defendants:

And the same was received.

6 L A Bill

G°og[(

Apsley's

Will.

Barrington'

Estate.

Call of the House.

Grants to Queen Dowager,

498 l ']0 April 1701.

' A Bill for the better Performance of the Will of Henry Apsldtj Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be lead a Second time.

s A Bill to enable Sir Charles Bairington Baronet to settled Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christopher Musgmve, Mr. Conyers, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Shocker ly, Mr. Dolbtn, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Clayt&n, Mr. Broiheiion, Sir John Bland\ Sir Tho. JVagstaffe, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Holbyn, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Moncton, Colonel Stringer, Mr. St, John, Mr. Thynne, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Breteton, Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Markes, Sir WilL Viftiei's, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Bromley, Mr. JVent~ worth, Mr. Bertie; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Southampton, and Essex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Ch&tnber.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Stevennight.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not attend the Service of thte House, upon the Call thereof, shill be sent for in Custody Of the Serjeant at Aims attending this House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Hewitt, the Queen Dowagers Auditor, attended, according to Order;

He Was Called in; arid, at the Bar, presented to the House art Abstract Of the several Grants from the Crown to her Majesty, and her Trustees: And also,

An Abstract of such Reversionary Grants of Lands, now in Jointure to her Majesty, as have been made since the Demise of King Charles the Second, and entered before his Majesty's Auditor.

And then withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

1N Obedience to your Order, I humbly pray Leave to acquaint this Honourable House, That the Revenue, now in Jointure to her Majesty the Queen Dowager, consists chiefly in Fee-farm Rents; which, or the greatest Part thereof, as I humbly conceive, were, from the Demise of her said Majesty, sold by Act of Parliament, in or about the Year 1672; but I do not find any Deed of such Sale entered before her Majesty's Auditor.

And of the Remainder of her Majesty's Land Revenue, consisting of sundry Manors and Demesnes, I have been informed a great Rart hath been granted in Reversion; but there being no Covenants obliging the Grantees to inroll their Grants with the said Queen's, but rather before the King's Auditor, I have not wherewithal to enable me to lay before this House an Account of the Lands, Rents, and Estates, Parcel of the said Jointure, undisposed of, and of the Reversions, nor have I any Survey or Muniments that set forth the improved yearly Values of any Part thereof; the Business of her Majesty's Auditor having been chiefly to make up her Treasurers, Receivers, Bailiffs, and other Ministers Accounts; I, to inroll such Commissions, Patents, Grants, Leases, Assignments, Deputations, Orders, and the like, as have been granted, executed, and ordered, by her Majesty, and Trustees, her Council Board, Officers, and Servants, pursuant to the Powers to them, from time to time, given by the Crown; inso much that there hath been only Three Reversionary Grants of any Lands, Parcel of the said Jointure, since the Decease of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, entered before the said Auditor; an Abstract whereof is hereunto annexed, and most humbly submitted.

Rob. Hewitt.

And, ill Obedience to another Order of the 11 th Instant, That the Auditor to the Queen Dowager do lay before this House a particular Account of her Majesty's Jointure; and distinguish what Part of it was the Queen Mother's, and what was granted by King Charles the Second, and how augmented by King Janies the Second;

I do humbly lay before you;

Abstracts of the several GRANTS from the Crown to Her said Majesty the Queen Dowager,

and Her Trustees; as followeth; viz.

£. s. d.

10T

King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents, bearing Date the 18th of January, in the 15th*

Year of his Reign, did grant unto his then Royal Consort, the now Queen Dowager, from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, which was in the Year of our Lord 1662, for and during her,) 10,484 8 natural Life, as Part of her Jointure, sundry annual or Fee-farm Rents within the Survey of the Exchequer, amounting to the clear yearly Sum of ——

His said Majesty, by other Letters Patents, bearing Date the 30th of June, in the 17th Year of his Reign, did grant unto her said Majesty, and to the Lord Holies and others, her Trustees, N sundry annual or Fee-farm Rents; the Honour of Grafton; and several demiseable Lands within the Survey of the Exchequer and Duchy of Lancaster; viz. the said annual or Fee-farm ReYits to her Majesty, from Lady-day 1664, for her Life; and the Honour of Grafton, and other the ^12,391 2 1»

said Demesnes, to the Trustees for 99 Years, from Lady-day 1664, aforesaid; in Trust, and for the Use of her said Majesty, during her Life; and afterwards, in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; which annual Fee-farm, and other the said Rents of demiseable Lands, amount

to the clear yearly Sum of....

And, by Indenture Tripartite, made the 31st of July 1672, between the said King's Majesty, of, the First Part; and the Earl of St. Albans, and others, surviving Trustees of the Queen Mother, of the Scond Part; and the Lord Holies, and others, in Trust for ffer said Majesty, now the Queen Dowager, of the Third Part; the said Queen Mother's Trustees, by the Command, and with the Consent and Approbation, of his said Majesty, did assign over to the said Queen Dowager's Trustees SeVehd Honours, Lordships, Manors, and Lands, as w?ell within the Survey of the Exchequer as of the Duchy of Lancaster, late Parcel of the said Queen Mother's Jointure, for and during the Rest and Residue of several Terms therein mentioned; m Trust for the said Queen Dowager, during hel* Majesty's Life; and afterw ards, for the said King, his Heirs and Successors; the clear yearly Rents of whith said several Honours, Lordships, Manors, and Lands last mentioned, amount to, per Annum - - - f -

The Particulars of all Which Rents, and Land Revenue, as the same came to, and were valued to her Majesty, are specified in Three Books of Rates thereof made by Sir Charles Harbord\ then hifc Majesty's Surveyor General; of which I have only imperfect Copies, but presume the King's Surveyor General may have more exact ones; amounting to the clear yearly Sum of But* of this* there proving defective - -

6,566 4

5tt

29,441 15 5tt

414 14 8L

There remains - - - a. j - - - - 29,027 0 8-J-f

And,

13 W. III. 17_c

And, to complete and make up her Majesty's Jointure 40,000l. per Annum, lvis said Majesty King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents, bearing Date the 20th of December, in the 24th Year of his Reign, did grant to the said Queen, out of the Excise Oil Peer and Ale, and other Liquors, within tire City* and Pprt of London, the City of Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the borough of Southzcark, and Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and all other Places within the same, except South Mims, the yearly Sum of - - - -....

499

1.

10,972 19 3

payable quarterly.

Grams to

tbi* Queen Dowager.

£. 40,000 0 0

His said late Majesty, by other Letters Patents, dated the Qth of October, in the 26th Year of his Reign, did grant to her said Majesty the yearly Sum of 1,236 /. i6,y. 1 \d. out of the said Excise, in lieu of the like Value of Fee-farm Rents, surrendered, by her Majesty, to the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Dan by, now Duke of Leeds, then Lord H igh Treasurer of England. And King James the Second, by Letters Patents, bearing Date the 17th of June 168.5 did' grant to her said Majesty, for her natural Life, out of any Monies remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer, not appropriated to particular L^ses by Act of Parliament, payable at the Four most usual Feasts, and commencing from Lady-day then last past, the yearly Sum of

6,000 o o

£. 46,000 0 o

Memorandum: By Indenture Quadrupartite, ifiade the 26th of April 1687, between the King's Majesty, of the First Part; the said Queen Dowager of the Second Part; tire Earl of Cites-teiyidd, and others, surviving Trustees ot her said Majesty, of the Third Part; and the Earl of Ftvtrsham and others, of the Fourth Part; the said surviving Trustees, by the King's Command and Authority, and by Warrant &nd Command of the said Queen, did assign ovet* the Interests and Estates in them vested, as aforesaid, to the said Earl of Fever sham, and others, the present Trustees of her said Majesty during her Lile; and, afterwards, of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

And, lor a Palace, King Charles the Second, by letters Patents, dated tire 12th of November, in the 21st Year of his Reign, did grant unto her said Majesty, for her Life, that called Den-marke, alias Somersett House, with the 24ty Tenements, and other Edifices thereunto adjoining or belonging. All w^jcj1 most humbly submitted.

160 April, 1701. Rob. Hewitt.

An Abstract of such Reversionary Grants of Lands, now in Jointure to her Majesty the Queen Dowager, as have been granted since the Demise of King Charles the Second, and entered before her Majesty's Auditor.

A Grant made by their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, the i 6th of February, in the Third year of their Reign, to John Penneck Gentleman, of the Manor of Ryafton, and Retraigh, alias Riterth, and the Hundred of Petrochshire, in the County of Cornwall; wherein Is recited several former Grants made of the said Premises, by King Charles, and King James the Second, for the Term of 99 Years from the Date, under the yearly Rent of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds.

Another Grant, made by their said Majesties, the same Day, to the said John Penneck, of several Tin Mines within the Manor of Ryalton and Rttraigh, and Hundred of Petrochshire, for Nineteen Years and an half, after the Expiration of One and thirty Years, granted, by King Charles the Second, the 26th of February, in tire 13th Year of his Reign, to Sidney Lord Godolphin, from Lady-day then last past; rendering the refore a full Fourth part of the clear yearly Profits.

And, the Third and last, a Grant, made by their said Majesties, the 17th of June, in the Fifth Year of their Reign, to George Soycr, and John Sayer. Esquires, of the Manor of Muchland, cum membris, in the County of Lancaster, valued to her Majesty the Queen Dowager, at the clear yearly Rent of 137/. 18*?. 11 I d. for Ninety-nine Years from the Decease of the said Queen Dowager, under the yearly Rent of Ten Shillings.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Dr. Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

n's,&c. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Augustine Pynyot, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also, tarn's The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, madeuy e this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham Knight and Baronet to dispose of Lands

Vol. 13.

in Hertfordshire; and to settle other Lands of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hugh Mason was, according to Order, brought to the Privilege-Bar: Where lie, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand a Person re-from Mr. Speaker. primauded

Ordered, That the said Hugh Mason be discharged Out charged, of Custody, pacing his Fees.

Mr. Bruges, according to Order, presented to the House Commis-a Fill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, sioners of examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the King- Accounts-dom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of John Haysham, now in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for having been ^or

guilty of coiTupt and indirect Practices, in procuring an ^tSchargeor Election of Samuel Shepherd senior, Esquire, to be a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, was presented to the House, and read; begging Pardon of the House: And praying, That the House will commiserate his Condition, forgive his Fault, and grant his Enlargement.

Ordered, That the said John Haysham be brought to the Bar upon Thursday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr.

5°°

17° — 23®

A. 1701.

Ilalf pay. . Mr* Conyers acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That a Committee may be appointed to inspect the Papers before the House, relating to Half-pay.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Papers before the House, relating to Half-pay:

And it is referred to Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr. Worsely, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. King, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cowper, Mr. St. John, Mr. Hampden, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Loxvther, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Compton, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Gidston, Earl of Dysett, Mr. Blaithwaite, Mr. Howe, Mr. Gayane, Mr. Bere, Mr. Harcourt, ]\Jr. Clayton, Sir John Packington, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Scobell, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Stringer, Colonel Granville, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Winnington, Sir Godfrey Copley, Colonel Byerly, Sir Theop. Oglethorp, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Soame: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Stout's Ordered, That the Petition of Man) Stout be read

Petition. Upon Tuesday Sevennight,. in a full House.

Limitation of Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-the Crown. Jng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of trie Subject.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 23* die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mannaton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa Esquire, deceased; and providing a Maintenance for his Widow and Children: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Insolvent Debtors.

Box's

Divorce.

Treviso's

Estate.

A Petition of David Polhill Esquire was presented to Sandwich the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Ration. Election of a Com-Baron to serve in this Parliament for the Port of Sandwich, in the room of Sir Henry Furness,

John Mitchell Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the said Mr. Mitchell, by Bribery, at the former Election for this present Parliament, and, after the Teste of the last Writ, by Threats, and other indirect Practices, procured a Majority of Votes; and is returned Corn-Baron, contrary to Justice, and m Injury to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Julius Samborn, of Andover, in the on-T;|{?r. County of Southampton, now in Custody of the Serjeant at a Person pt " Arms attending this House, for being concerned in cor- tlhons for ruptly exposing to Sale the Election of a Burgess for Dl6cbar§* Andover, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth his Grief for his having been so unfortunate as to incur the Displeasure of this House: And praying. That he may be restored to his Liberty, that he may be able to follow his Employment, for the Support of himself, and his Family.

Ordered, That the said Julius Samborn be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of Joseph Wimbleton, of Andover, in the Ditto. County of Southampton, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for being concerned in corruptly exposing to Sale the Election of a Burgess for Andover, was presented to the House, and read; setting 1 forth his Grief for his having been so unfortunate as'to incur the Displeasure of this House: And praying, That he may be restored to his Employment, for the Support of himself, and his Family.

Ordered, That the said Joseph JVimbleton be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of Edward Wareham, of Andover, in the Ditto. County of Southampton, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hopse, for being concerned in corruptly exposing to Sale the Election of a Burgess for Andover, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth his Grief for having been so unfortunate as to incur the Displeasure of this House: And praying, That he may be restored to his Employment, for the Support of himself and Family.

Orde? % ed, That the said Eduard Wareham be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Sale of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Lands in for the vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in enha!i|I>lClt" ^out^ Ptckenham, and other Places, in the County of en am. Norfollce, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the

Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such and the same Uses as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. HopkinsT Mr. Offley, Mr. Gauntlett, Mr. Crosse, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Clarke, Mr, Yates, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Dolben, Mr. England, Dr. Dave-nant, Mr. Fuller, Sir IVm. Hustler, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Tredenham, Sir William Yorke, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Howe, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pinnell, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Herne, Mr. Ward, Mr. Champneys; and all that serve for the County of Norfolke: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Dunch have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Charles Bransby and John Newarke, in Diu* Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for being guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, to procure Arthur Moor Esquire to be elected a Member for the Borough of Great Grimsby, was presented to the House, and read; begging Pardon for their said Offence, and acknowledging the sajne: And praying, that they may be discharged from their Confinement

Ordered, That the said Charles Bransby and John Newarke lie brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to their Discharge.

A Petition of Samuel Hunt Carpenter, John Chaplyn Resumpu® Joiner, William Oram Plasterer, George Backhouse Gla-ofGraDU* sier, and Edward Salisbwy and Joshua Linnet, Executors of Thomas Martyn, Painter, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did perforin several Works for Mr. Thomas Price, Goldsmith, towards building several Houses in Porter Street, and Litchfield Street, in the Parish of St. Ann's H at-minster: That the said Mr. Price being indebted to King

James

.13 W. III. April is501

vJames in 800l. the said Houses and Materials were seized into the said King's Hands: That afterwards, his present Majesty granting to Ralph Cooke Esquire, Trustee for the Lady Orkney, all the Estate of the said Price, which was extended; the Petitioners applied themselves to the said Mr. Cooke, who conveyed to them Three of the said Houses, towards Satisfaction of their Debt: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for saving the Petitioners Right in the said Houses.

Ordered, That- the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the wrhole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

lien A Petition of tire Inhabitants of the Borough of Rich-iiifccture. rnond in the County of York, and other adjacent Parts, Traders in Wool, from Northumberland', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a late Act of Parliament for preventing the Exportation of Wool, it is provided, That no Wool shall be carried but between Sun and Sun, on Forfeiture of the Wool and Horse: That divers of the Petitioners bringing Wool

O o

from Northumberland towards Richmond,. Rippon, and Leeds, in the City of York, within Sight of their Lodgings, at the Going-down of the Sun, have had their W ool seized, contrary to the Meaning of the said Statute; to their great Loss and Prejudice in the Woollen Trade: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

>. A Petition of the Clothiers of the Borough of Beudly,

in the County of /Vorcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That although several good Acts have been made of late to prevent the Transportation of Wool, and encourage the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and though the Government hath been at great Charge in fitting out and maintaining Vessels and Men to look after the same; yet it is well known, that many thousands of Packs of Wool have been, within these Two Years, secretly exported to France, out of the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Suffolk: And praying, That this House will take the same into Consideration, and take effectual Means to prevent such evil Practices for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

faead Mr. Pendarcis reported from the Committee, to whom wur# the Petition of Trcgonnell Lutterell Esquire w as referred, That they had examined the Matter thereof; and had ' come to several Resolutions; which they had*directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Harbour of Minehead, by the violent and unaccountable Alterations of the Tides,' is so choaked and barred, that, unless some speedy and effectual Care ba taken to stop the grow ing BeacKihat rises at the Mouth of the Harbour, by building out a new Head, and other Works, the said Harbour will become dangerous and useless; to the irreparable Damage of the Navigation and Trade of this Nation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Flouse be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Nation.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Harbour of VoL. 13.

Minehead, by the violent and unaccountable Alterations of the Tides, is so choaked and barred, that, unless some speedy and effectual Care be taken to stop the growing Beach that rises at the Mouth of the Harbour, by building

7 o o

out a new Head, and other Works, the said Harbour w ill become dangerous and useless; to the irreparable Damage of the Navigation and Trade of this Nation.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Peudarvis, Mr. Gwyn, and Mr. Lutterell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to appoint to he attended by this House, this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, at Kensington.

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'ere read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Half-pay be allowed to the disbanded Officers, not otherwise provided for, for One Year from Michaelmas last.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Paying off, and Cancelling, of all the Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Translation of Bishops from one See to another; w as, according to Order, read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers forrhe Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed 6 M him

King appoints to be attended.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Insolvent Debtors.

Supply.

Preservation of Protestant Religion.

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Bigg's

Eetate.

Trade, and Courts of Justice, in Plantations,

502

27,° — 240 Aprilis. A. 1701*

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 24° die Aprilis;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ARCHIBALD Arthur, Dirke TVittenoon, Justus Beck, Thomas Beaurau, Jo. Hen. Venpoorton, and Nic. Garritt, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir John Kay, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill, to enable Richard Bigg, to charge Part of his Estate, in the County of Buckingham, with the Payment of his Debts: And the same was received.

Redress, by reason that he, the Party concerned, was Judge in the Precincts where the Controversy was depending^ we thereupon gave Directions to the President and Council of that Island, the Governor being then dead, That they should appoint some other impartial Judge to hear and determine that Matter; and further take care, that no Person should either be Judge in his own Case, or, by being Judge in any Precinct where Matters in Controversy between him and others lie, should have it iu his Power to obstruct the Course of Justice: But, having some time after been informed by the said Executors, That they had not obtained Relief, we represented the Matter to their Excellencies the Lords Justices; and, Mr. Grey being then constituted Governor of that Island, we wrote to him by their Excellencies Order, to the same Effect; and, in Answer thereunto, have received from him a Certificate signed by the Attornies of the foresaid Executors there, declaring; That, though their Suit had been tedious, yet they could not charge Judge Colleton with making any Use of his Authority in causing those Delays; but that they imputed them to the Death of the late Governor Colonel Russell, and the Changes that had ensued in the Commissions of Judges.

And, to the end that a strict and continual Care might be taken in all Matters relating to the Administration of Jmtice in that Island, We sent to Mr. Grey the following Directions; viz.

That he should send to us a Copy of the Register and Minutes of the Chancery; and of the Minutes and Business done at a Court of Errors; since his Arrival in that Island:

Mr. Pryor, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House their Answer, concerning Trade, and Courts of Justice, in the Plantations, pursuant to the Order of the 2d of April Instant:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Answer is as followeth; viz.

IN Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, dated the 2d of this Instant April, requiring from us an Account of what Complaints have been made to us in relation to the Trade, or Courts of Justice, in the several Plantations in America, whether in the Proprietory Governments, or elsewhere; and what we have done thereupon; we humbly offer;

In the Plantations under his Majesty's immediate Government.

Barbados. A Complaint made by the Commissioner of his Majesty's Customs at Bridge-town in Barbadoes, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, having been referred to our Consideration; and finding the reby, That he, and other Officers of the Customs in Barbadoes, by their Diligence in making Seizures, upon some Violations of the Acts for Trade and Navigation, had made themselves Enemies, and laboured under Difficulties in the Execution of their Trusts; but that, by the Countenance of the Governor, they had been enabled to proceed in discharging their Trust; we found it absolutely necessary, that not only the Officers of the Customs, but those also of the Admiralty, should be very particularly recommended to the respective Governors of all his Majesty's Plantations: And accordingly we humbly proposed to their Excellencies the then Lords Justices, That they would be pleased to sign circular Letters, which ive prepared, to the said Governors, and especially to those in Propriety and Charter Governments, requiring them to give constant Protection, and all due Encouragement to the said Officers, in the Discharge and Execution of their respective Duties: And the said Letters were accordingly dispatched.

It having been represented to us by the Executors of Sir Peter Colleton, That Mr. James Colleton, of Barbadoes, Brother to the said Sir Peter, had, upon his Brothers Death, seized his Estate in that Island, and converted it to his own Use; and that they the said Executors, having brought their Actions against him, could not obtain 7

That he should send a particular Account, and List, of all Causes that now stand entered in the Chancery, or are depending the re; and how long each of them has been so depending:

An Account, likewise, specifying each Day of the Month that a Court of Chancery, and Court of Errors, hath been held; and how many successive Days that Court has at any time continued to sit since his Arrival in that Government: In which Account the Proceedings of each Day are also to be severally set down; and the Names of such Members of Council, as attended each Day, inserted:

An Account how many final Decrees have been made there since his Arrival; how many Injunctions granted, how many dissolved, and how many remain still in Force.

And whereas by an Act of that Island, made in the Year 1661, the Five several Courts of Common Law have certain Days appointed for their Sitting; That we expected frorh him a particular Account, how many of the said Days each of those Courts had sat since his entering upon that Government, together with an Account of the Business they have done each Day, copied from their Minutes: These Accounts to be fully and plainly given by the Registers, or other proper Officers, of the respective Courts, and sufficiently attested:

And that we further expected, That for the future, he should hold the Court of Chancery as often, and for so long time, as should be requisite for Dispatch of the several Causes depending before that Court; and that an exact Account should be always kept of the Names of such of the Council as do give their Attendance during the Sitting of the said Court; so that the Register, or other proper Officer, may be able to give a particular Account thereof on Oath, from time to time, if the same shall be required: To all which Heads we are expecting his Answers.

A Petition having since been presented to his Majesty, in the Name of John Coder Esquire, and others; complaining of a great Neglect in holding Courts of Chancery in that Island, and Want of Dispatch of Business in those Courts; which his Majesty was pleased to refer to our Consideration; we thereupon directed, and instantly required, Mr. Grey to be more careful in the Expediting

13 W.III. 24* Jprilis.

5°3

of Justice; and to hold Courts of Chancery, without any Recess or Intermission, till all the Causes depending the re should be determined.

About the same time, also, Two other Petitions having been presented to his Majesty, the one by Isaac Mavt'kins, the other by Thomas Hodges, Esquires; containing, in like manner, great Complaints of Delays, and undue Proceedings, in the Courts of Justice in Barbadoes; upon which his Majesty was pleased to require us to examine those Matters; and to report what we conceive proper to be done therein; we made our Report accordingly; and further proposed, That his Majesty would be pleased, by Letters under his Royal Signature, to give Directions to Mr. Grey for the Redress of all Irregularities of that Nature: Which Letters were prepared by us, and sent; being a3 follows: WILLIAM R.

Trusty and Well-beloved, We greet you well. Whereas John Loder, Isaac Hawkins, and Thomas Hodges, Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and others, have, by their humble Petitions, severally laid before Us divers Complaints of great Delays, and undue Proceedings, in the Courts of Justice in Our Island of Barbadoes; in the setting forth whereof they have offered to prove. That there were lately about 800 Causes depending at one time in Two of the Courts of Common Pleas in that Island; besides what more might be depending in the Three other Courts of the same Kind, w hereof they had not been yet informed; and have imputed this Disorder, amongst other Causes, to the Partiality of some Persons appointed to sit in the Judicatories of the said Island, who are themselves much indebted; have many Suits depending against them; and are thereby frequently interested, either directly, or by Consequence, in the Issue of the Suits that are brought before them: And \Vhereas it has been further represented by the said Petitioners, That the Method practised in the Courts of Chancery, in determining Controversies, and pronouncing Decrees, is very irregular; and that the Neglect in holding those Courts, and the Want of Dispatch of Business there, have been such, that there has been sometimes but one Court held in the Space of 8 or 9 Months, and very little done in it since your entering upon that Government; so that there are more than 300 Causes depending, in the said Court, many of which are of several Years standing: And also that, since your being the re, not any Court of Error did sit in Two Years Time; by which Means all Judgments at Common Law, whereon Writs of Error have been brought, were stayed from Execution: All which Delays, and undue Proceedings, do tend to the very great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other Suitors: And it being highly necessary, that all Irregularities of this Nature, which are so grievous to Our Subjects, be reformed; and that, the Grounds of all such Complaints being thoroughly inquired into, effectual Care be taken, that they be, for the future, intirely removed; We have, in order thereunto, directed Our Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to transmit unto you the Copies of the foresaid Petitions, and of the Memorials offered thereupon, for your Answers, not only to the particular Cases of the Petitioners, but also to the more general Complaints afore-mentioned: And We do further hereby will and require you to take especial Care, that no Person interested in the Suits depending in any of the Courts of Our said Island be appointed or permitted to sit as Judge in the Causes wherein they are concerned: That Justice be every where duly and speedily administered: That the Complainants have such Redress as is agreeable to Law: And that you do yourself constantly hold Courts of Chancery, until all the Causes there be determined. We do likewise hereby declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That no Members of our Council in that Island be exempted from any Prosecution, in Law or Equity, for the Payment of their just Debts, except only during the time that the General Assembly of Our said Island shall be sitting; which you are accordingly to declare unto them: And, for the better Observance of Our Directions in all this Matter, as well as for the Satisfaction of all Persons VoL. IS.

concerned, you are to c&usc Entry to be made of this Trade, and Letter in Our Council Books. So We bid you Farcwel. Souris Given at Our Court at Kensington, the 16th Day of March 1700*1 in the Thirteenth Year of Our Reign.

By his Majesty's Command,

Ja. Vernon.

And whereas it has been alleged, That Presents made by the General Assemblies of Plantations, to Governors, have sometimes been a Temptation to them to defer or pervert Justice; and there being Two Acts of the General Assembly of Barbadoes before us, for Presents to the Governor, which, by his Instructions, he is not permitted to receive without his Majesty's Leave first obtained; we have suspended our Report upon those Acts, until we be further satisfied how the Governor has discharged his Duty in all Matters relating to the Administration of Justice.

Bermuda. The Disorders in the Bermuda Islands having been considered by us, both in respect to Trade, and to the the Administration of Justice; Two Lieutenant Governors of the said Islands, viz. Captain John Goddart, and Mr. Samuel Day, have, upon the Representations we made of the Irregularities of their Conduct in those Matters, been recalled; and, upon the constituting of Captain Benjamin Bennet to be Governor, we have, in the Instructions which he has received from his Majesty, inserted such Clauses as may tend to reform the Abuses which his Predecessors have been guilty of.

Leeward Islands. As to the Leeward Islands, some Inconveniencies having arisen in the Administration of Justice, by reason that some of the Judges or Assistants of the interior Courts have also been Members of the Council of that Island, where the Governor usually resided; which is the supreme Court for hearing and determining Appeals from all the others; we prepared an Instruction, which his Majesty was accordingly pleased to give to Colonel Codrington, the present Governor, for Reforming of that Irregularity: And before his going over, a Complaint having been brought to us, in the Name of divers Inhabitants of St. Christophers, against Captain James Norton, Lieutenant Governor of the English Part of that Island, for several Oppressions, Exactions, and illegal Practices, we directed Colonel Codrington, by Order of the Lords Justices, to inquire into those Matters: And he has now acquainted us, That, upon a full and impartial Hearing, the Substance of those Complaints, especially in respect to Breaches of the Acts of Trade, had been proved against the said Norton; and that he had thereupon suspended him from the Office of Lieutenant Governor.

He complains also of some Irregularities in Trade, especially of a private Trade with the French Islands, in those Parts; whereby the Islands under his Government are clandestinely supplied with all sorts of French Commodities, and the Consumption of English Commodities is very much hindered: Which Abuses he promises to take all possible Care to reform.

Jamaica. As to Jamaica, the Governor of that Island has represented to us the People's Uneasiness under the Restraint laid upon them by the Acts of Trade and Navigation; and their Desire of a greater Liberty in Trade than is consistent with the Interest of England; which they observe to be practised in the neighbouring Plantations, under Proprietors: But he has, in pursuance of our frequent Recommendations, assured us of his Care, that those Acts be strictly complied with.

He has often acquainted us, That the Inhabitants, and more especially the seafaring Men, of that Island, complained much of the irregular Proceedings of some Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, in pressing Men:

Which having been represented, by us, to his Majesty, Regulations have been made, and Directions given, by the Lords of the Admiralty, for the Conduct of the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, in reference to the Pressing of Seamen throughout all the Plantations.

And he has further informed us, That the Insinuations continually made, by the Proprietory Colonies on the Continent, of the great Liberties and Exemptions they enjoy under those Governments, and of the Advantages

they

t

Trade, and C ourts oi Justice, in Plantations.

504 Aprilis. . 1701.

they make by receiving Pirates, had enticed away much People from Jamaica; and tended greatly to the Prejudice of that island.

Virginia. From Virginia some Complaints have been mftde to us, That the Members of the Council of that Colony were not subject to Prosecutions at Law, for the Payment of their just Debtsand that other Inconveniencies had ensued, as well in relation to Trade as.Justice, by the Methods settled, and ordinarily practised, in the Administration of that Government: Whereupon we offered to their Excellencies the Lords Justices the Draught of several Instructions, which we conceived proper to remedy what appeared to 11s not fit to be allowed; together with the particular Reasons that moved us to propose each Alteration: And those Instructions were accordingly given, by their Excellencies, to Colonel Nicholson, at his First Entrance upon that Government.

Maryland. Upon Complaints also, from Maty land, of Inconveniencies in the Methods of administering that Government, and the Want of some further Provision for preventing undue Practices both in Trade, and in the Course of Justice; in order to the Remedying thereof, We offered to their Excellencies several Alterations to be made in the Governor s Instructions: Which were accordingly given to Colonel Iildciston, together with the Commission for the Government of that Province.

New York. As to New York, the Governor of that Province, the Earl of Bellomont, having transmitted to us great Complaints of the Irregularities that he found there, especially with respect to illegal Trade, and Piracy; and having also acquainted us, how, upon the Evidence he received, that some Members of his Majesty's Council, and others in Places of Trust there, were engaged in carrying on such Practices, be had, in pursuance of his Instructions, > suspended several Persons from their Employments, and put in others to officiate in their stead, till his Majesty's Pleasure were known; we represented the same to their Excellencies the Lords Justices; and further proposed what we thought necessary for reforming the Abuses there; which was according approved by their Excellencies: The Earl of Bellomonts Proceedings in the Change of Officers was confirmed; and Directions were given him to continue his Endeavours in the further rectifying those Disorders.

Since which time, some Merchants of New York presented to his Majesty a Petition; complaining, That the Earl of Bdlamont being Governor of New England, as w ell as of New York, and having been absent from New York, the common Course of Justice was retarded, Trade decayed, and the Industry of the Planter discouraged, in that Province: But, soon after that Petition was presented, we had an Account of his Lordship's Return to Nezo York, where he has ever since resided: And we find, by the Entry of the Customs, That the Trade there is increased, and in a thriving Condition.

As to the Administration of Justice; upon his Lordship's complaining of the Want of Persons, in that Province, fitly qualified; and desiring that_Chief Justice and Attorney General might be sent from hence; his Majesty has been pleased to appoint such Officers; who are now upon their Voyage: And they are further authorized by Admiralty Commissioners, the one to be Judge, and the oilier Advocate General, in the Admiralty Courts, both there, and in the neighbouring Colonies.

New Hampshire. Not long after our Entrance upon this Commission, we had great Complaints of a Disorder in the Province of New Hampshire, occasioned by a Difference between the Lieutenant Governor, and some Members of the Council there, who' forcibly displaced him, and had assumed the Government in his stead: Which we accordingly represented to the Lords Justices: But, that Difference being terminated by the Earl of Bellomont's Commission, which superseded their Authorities, or pretended Authorities, on both Sides; and their Heats having been in good measure allayed by his Presence amongst them; we have not since had any Complaint about the Administration of Justice there, until

within these very few Days, that his Majesty has required' us to consider, and report our Opinion, upon a Petition from Mr. Samuel Allen; complaining, That the superior Court of Judicature had denied to admit his Appeal from a Verdict and Judgment there given against him the 13th August 1700; and praying, That his Majesty would please to direct, That his Appeal should be admitted: Which is a Matter of great Weight, relating to the Right of Property, and that whole Province; and is at preseut under our Examination.

The Trade of that Province is not considerable: The chief Port Piocataway lies very convenient for carrying on a Fishery; but the Inhabitants neglect it, the Woods affording them a more easy Gain, by cutting down Timber, and carrying it not only to England\ but to Spain and Portugal!; which Trade is not prohibited by Law, as we have lately offered to this Honourable House; but does, however, deserve to be brought under due Regulations, by a Clause in some Act of Parliament, that shall pass, relating to Trade. '

Newfoundland The Trade and Fishery of Newfound land being carried on without any settled Colony, we have nothing to offer concerning the Administration of Justice there: But we humbly offer, That we have had many Informations of Irregularities practised by the Masters of Ships, and others, who resort thither in the Fishing Season; which we endeavour to redress by Instructions given to the Commanders of the Convoys going thither: The enumerated Plantation Commodities, especially To- bacco and Sugar, which ought not to be transported to any foreign Parts, without having been first landed in England, arc frequently carried thither, and sold to the Fishing Ships, who carry them directly to Italy, Spain, and Portugal, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue in the Customs, which ought to be paid here: And, on the other Side, European Commodities are carried thither from foreign Parts, and sold to the Plantation Ships trading the re; who disperse them, at their Return, in the several Plantations whither they are bound, contrary to Law, and to the great Prejudice of this Kingdom; for which there may be some Remedy likewise by a Clause in an Act of Parliament.

PROPRIETIES.

In relation to Proprieties, and Charter Governments.

Massachuset Bay. The Inhabitants of the Massachusets Bay arc guilty of carrying on illegal Trade: Their Courts of Justice have been very partial in protecting it: They have refused to admit Appeals to his Majesty from Judgments in those Cases; and the very Members of his Majesty's Counfcil there have openly declared their Averseness to the Laws of England.

Though that Colony be under the Inspection of a Governor appointed by his Majesty's Commission; yet the Power of that Governor is so tied up by their pretended Privileges, and by their not settling any fixed Maintenance either upon him, or other Funds, for occasional Services; his Authority, and his very Subsistence amongst them, are so precarious; that it is impossible for him, as the Case now stands, to make any considerable Step towards their Reformation.

Rhode Island. The Irregularities and Misdemeanors of the Government of Rhode Island have been so great, that w e thought it incumbent upon us to represent to his Majesty the Necessity of granting a Commission for making a particular Inquiry thereinto: The Earl of Bellomont accordingly went thither; but found such a Reception, by their opposing his Majesty's Authority, and the Acts of Trade and Navigation, that no good Effect could bd obtained from that Commission; they pretending, by their Charter, to be independent on the Government of England: Which we accordingly represented to his Majesty in Council.

Connecticut. Connecticut Colony, which lies next, besides the Irregularities common to them with other Proprieties, are more directly guilty of refusing to admit Appeals to England* Upon the Petitions of John and Nicolas Haling

and

13 W. III. ^4 0 dprilis, fjog

and of Edward Palmes arid John HaUam, inhabitants of that Colony, complaining of Obstruction of Justice there, we did write* by his Majesty's Order in Council, to the Governor and Company of that Colony; asserting his Majesty's Right to receive and determine Appeals from ali his Colonies in America, and requiring them to admit Appeals from thence i But we have since understood, by another Petition presented to his Majesty by the said John and Nicolas HaUam, and by other Informations received from thence, that our Letter, with his Majesty's foresaid Order, having been duly delivered, and an Appeal accordingly demanded, the superior Court of that Charter Government did peremptorily refuse the same; and that the Governor, who is one of the Judges of the said Court, did publickly declare, That no Appeals should be allowed from thence to his Majesty in Council.

East and West New Jersey. The Colonies of East and West New Jersey are at present in utter Confusion: There being no Governor in East Jersey; and the pretended Governor in West Jersey being neither approved by the King nor acknowledged as Governor by the Generality of the People; some of the Proprietors have thereupon proposed to surrender their pretended Right of Government to his Majesty; but, others insisting upon it, nothing could yet be done sufficient for the Settling of any orderly Government amongst them, nor for preventing unlawful Trade.

Pensylvania. The Complaints against Mr. Markham, Lieutenant Governor of Pensylvania, for the Harbouring and Protecting of Pirates; and against the whole Government of that Colony, for their Opposition to the Court of Admiralty erected there, as in other Places, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade; have been very great: But Directions having been »given, by their Excellencies the Lords Justices, to Mr. Perm, upon his going thither, for the Reforming of those Disorders, wc received afterwards an Account from Colonel Quary, Judge of his Majesty's Admiralty Court there, as well as from Mr. Pain himself, That he had made several Advances in what had been required from him: Nevertheless we have of late again received Complaints from Colonel Q*/tfry, ThatMr. Pain, by granting Commissions to all the Sheriffs of Counties to be Water Bailiffs, had broke into the Admiralty Jurisdiction, and invaded the Powers thereof; and, by denying the Admiralty any Right of Jurisdiction within the Body of the Province, had, in effect, taken it wholly away: We have likewise had fresh Informations, from Colonel Quary, of private Trade between Ptnsilvania, and Curassaw, a Dutch Plantation, carried on chiefly by Scotchmen, who clandestinely and illegally ex port Tobacco, and import such great Quantities of Iron, Linen, Wine, and other European Commodities, that they are sold there as cheap as in England.

As to Pirates; several Persons, who have themselves been formerly suspected of Piracy, are settled near the Capes of Delaware River: These Persons, when Kid was there, received his Boats, and supplied him: They went on board him constantly, and took on Shore Quantities of East India Goods: Mr. Perm has imprisoned these Men; and seized some of the Goods, which, as he informs Us, shall be sent over.

Carolina, and the Bahama Islands. As to Carolina, and the Bahama Islands; the Misbehaviour and ill Conduct of the Governors and Inhabitants of those Colonies, in harbouring and protecting Every, and other Pirates, is notorious.

In relation to Trade; we have, amongst other Irregularities of this Propriety Government, had Information of a Practice of conveying Tobacco privately out of Virginia into North Carolina, and from thence carrying it to New England, and other Charter Plantations, without paying the Duty of One Peny per Pound established by Law.

The Governor of Virginia has also complained to us, That, though Endeavours have been several times used to fix the Boundaries between them and North Carolina, it had not yet been effected; and that, when Commissioners Vo l. 13.

had been appointed on both Side^ to treat, vet nothing Trade, am* could be concluded, because the pretended Governor of Courts of North Carolina, who appointed those Commissioners, ^vJ5t,ce;.m was not himself duly qualified by Law. anta

As for the Course of Justice; a Corriplairit having been laid before his Majesty, by some Merchants of London, Owners and Freighters of a Vessel called the Cole and Bean Galley, of the unjust Proceedings of the Admiralty Court of South Carolina, in condemning their said Ship and Cargo, and refusing to admit an Appeal to his Majesty from that Sentence; his Majesty was pleased to refer the saime to ouf Consideration: And we thereupon humbly proposed, as the most proper Means for the Petitioners Relief, That they might be admitted to appeal from thenOe to his Majesty iu Council.

As to the Propriety arid Charter Governments in general; no Governor whereof has qualified himself according to the late Act of Parliament, except the Governor of the Bahama Islands; for whose good Behaviour Security has been refused to be given by the Proprietors, their Independency making it absolutely necessary that some speedy and effectual Care be taken to render them more subservient and useful to this Kingdom; we humbly refer ourselves to our Report, dated the 27th March last, wherein we humbly represented to the Honourable House, That the Charters of the several Proprietors, and others, iniitling them to absolute Government, be re-assumed to the Crown; and those Colonies put into the same State and Dependency as these of his Majesty's other Plantations, without Prejudice to any Man's Freehold or Property; which, we conceive, cannot otherwise be well effected than by the legislative Power of this Kingdom,

All which being offered by us in pursuance of the Order of this Honourable House;

The same is most humbly submitted.

Stamford, Lexington,

Whitehall, April 23d, Ph. Meadows, JVm.Blathwayt;

1701. John Pollexfen, Abr. Hill,

Mat. Prior.

Ordered, That the said Answer do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

A Petition of John Story, in Custody of the Serjeant at Privilege-Arms, for being guilty of distributing Money, and other A ?*r8on indirect Practices, in order to the Election of William Discharge?1 Coatesworth Esquire a Member for the Borough of Great Grimsby, waspresented to the House, and read; acknow-leging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same:

And praying, That he may be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Story be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Fourteen Days, upon extraordinary Absence* Occasions.

A Petition of George Clayton, Mayor of the Borough of privilege — Grimsby, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, for A Person being guilty of Bribery, and other indirect Practices, in Potions for procuring the Election of William Coateszcorth Esquire a Dwc Member for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Fault, and begging Pardon for the same: And praying to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said George Clayton be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Aloming, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading in Tythe of Lead in and about the City of London, w as presented to Lead-ore. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Bill now depending in this Honourable House, for settling and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead-ore in the County of Derby, if the same should pass into an Act,-would not only discourage the Manufacturers from making such Quantities as they now do, but will hinder 6 N the

Tythe of L*dd-ore.

PrivilegBr — A Perpon pe titions for Discharge.

Leave of Absence.

St. Martin's

Parish

Estate.

506

24' Apr ills.

the Consumption of it here at home, and the Exportation of it abroad; And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into an Actv

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be inferred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas White Esquire, William Hodg-kin-son, Richard Burbridge, Antony Woodhouse, and Joseph Hodgkinsun, \yas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having undertaken to drain many ancient Mines within the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby, which were so drowned, the Owners thereof could have no Benefit thereby; and, for such their Pains, were to take the Ore there gotten to their own Uses, reserving to the several Owners certain Shares of the said Ore, when gotten: That, by a Bill now depending in this Honourable House, for settling and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead-ore in the County of Derby, their said Work will be liable to pay a Tythe or Tenth Part, which was never yet paid: And praying, a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for exempting the said Mines from Payment of Tythe Lead-ore.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Jeremy Boreman, in Custody of the Ser-- jeaht at Arms, for being guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to the Electing of William Coatesworth Esquire a Member for the Borough of Grimsby, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same: And praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Jeremy Borman be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Pye have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Family being very ill.

A Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields within the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King James the First, and King Charles the First, by several Letters Patents, did grant unto the said Parish a certain Piece of Ground, containing One Acre, with the Buildings thereupon, lying near his Majesty's Metis, to the Intent that Part of the said Ground should be used and employed for a Church-yard; and the Rents and Profits of the Buildings be disposed for the Relief of the Poor of that Parish for ever: That the said Buildings are become so ruinous, that they must shortly be pulled down: That a certain Passage called Hmining-rou', adjoining to the said Church-yard, is so narrow, that Two Coaches, meeting, Cannot pass by each other: That, by taking a little Slip Out of the said Acre of Ground, and laying the same into the said Passage, the same will be made more commodious, and the Front Ground will be of more Value: That the present Archbishop of Canterbury hath some time since, at his own Charge, erected a large Brick Building for a Library, and a Free School; and endowed the same: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the said Vicar and Churchwardens to grant Leases to Builders, of such Part of the said Ground as is improveable; and for laying some other Part thereof, 'which is not improveable, by building into the said Churchyard; and for enlarging the said Passage; and also for confirming of the said Library, and Free School, according to the Settlement made thereof by the said Lord Archbishop.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cross and Mr. Hcysham do prepare, and bring in, the same*

1701.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in the City of Norwich is Siuaii Dis committed, have Power to receive a Clause, for the better Execution of the Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty, and the late Queen, for certain Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commits

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for. Hospital^ redressing the Abuses of Hospitals, and other Charities:

And that Colonel Byerly and Sir William Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to CommV take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the sioners o{ Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Hindoo of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear and de- Action, termine the Right of Election for the Borough of Hindon; and how the Numbers appear to be.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Answers; Yesterday present to his Majesty their humble Address: Addr*. And that his Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer thereunto; as follows; viz.

I am willing to take all Occasions of thanking you very heartily for the Assurances you have frequently given me, and now repeat, of standing by, and supporting me, against all our Enemies both at home and abroad; towards which, nothing, in my Opinion, can contribute so much, as a good Correspondence between me and my People:

And therefore you may depend upon it, that I will employ none in my Service but such as shall be thought most likely to improve that mutual Trust and Confidence between us, which is so necessary, in this Conjuncture, both for our own Security, and the Defence and Preservation of our Allies.

Resolved, Newine contradicente, That the humble Thank? <* Thanks of this House be given to his Majesty, for his Answer. Majesty's most gracious Answer to the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do give his Majesty the said humble Thanks of this House.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his Pmgresjof Majesty had been pleased, in pursuance of his gracious the ‘Ne§°* Declaration, That he would inform this House of the Progress that should be made in the Negotiations he had entered into, to direct him to lay before this House the Translation of the States General's Resolution of the Twenty-third of April, New Stile: And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Extract out of the Register of the Resolutions of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, of Saturday, the 23 April 1701, S.N.

HAVING heard the Report of the Sieurs D'Essen, and other Deputies of their High and Mightinesses for the foreign Affairs, who, by virtue of their Resolution, importing a Commission of the 22d of this Month, have " examined the Memorial of Mr. Stanhope, Envoy Extraordinary from his Majesty of Great Britain, being in Answer to the Resolution of the»r High and Mightinesses of the 4th last past; and communicating to their High and Mightinesses the Resolution of his Majesty, not only to make good the Conditions of the Treaty of Alliance in % the

13 W. III. 24" Aprilis.

5° 7

the Year-1677-8, but also to enter Into such other W ays and C<esar, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. King, Mr Booth, Mr. Backwelh Means as shall be thought proper to procure their Safety, Mv.Bucknall, S i vStcph cn Fox, M r. Clay tun,. M r. Shackerly, as is more at large mentioned in the said Memorial, and Mr. Yates, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Wentworth, Colonel Stringer, in the Acts of Yesterday; Whereupon having deliberated, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Smith, Mr. St. John, My. Halford, it has been found good, and agreed, to represent, by a Colonel Granville, Mrs Holmes, Sir Richard Onslow,

Letter to his Majesty of Great Britain, That the Itesolu- Mr. Can\ Mr. Vane, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Broinelcy, Mr. tion of his Majesty, which is so just and conformable to Ash, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Henry Lyddall, their High and Mightinesses Desires, must of Necessity Mr. Denzil Onslow, Lord Chtine, Sir Willoughby Hick-produce in them a particular Joy and Satisfaction; espe- man: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a dally at a time when they.see the Propositions which they Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power have made, jointly, with his Majesty, for the Preservation to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, of the Peace, and for their common Safety, are treated Ordered, That the several Accounts of Fees of the in the most indifferent Manner that can be; and that Officers of the Exchequer, which have been presented to they see, at the same time, the Forces and Preparations the House, be referred to the said Committee, of War do daily increase on their Frontiers; which gives Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee to, them a just Apprehension: That their High and Mighti- inquire into what Places have great Salaries, and need nesses have always relied on his Majesty's Friendship and none, or but little, Attendance; and to report the same Affection for their Republick, as also on the natural Equity to the House, and Faithfulness with which his Majesty is wont to make good his Engagements; and therefore they never doubted Julius Samborn, Joseph Wimbleton, Edward Wareham, privilege — but that his Majesty would perform the Treaties they have Charles Bransby, John Newarke, and John Haysham, Persons re-the Honour tohave concluded with his Majesty: And these were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where prT^de(i new Assurances, which his Majesty is pleased to give them they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. charged, at this time, are to them a new Pledge, so much more effec- Speaker.

tual and valuable, as it is supported by the Desires of his Ordered, That the said Julius Samborn, Joseph Wimble good and loyal Subjects assembled in Parliament, and by Edward Wareham, Charles Bransby, John New-

their unanimous Concurrence in the same Design; and arke, and John Haysham, be discharged out of Custody, that, in the evident Danger with which their State is threat- paying their Fees, ened, it confirms the Hopes and Expectations they have,

that the required Succour will not be long delayed; and Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Supply Bill;

that, at all times, they shall have the full Effect and Per- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Resumption formance of the said Treaty: That their High fend Mighti- House, upon the Bill for resuming all Grants of Lands, of Grants, nesses have so true a Sense of it, that they think themselves an^ other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; obliged to demonstrate to his Majesty their sincere Ac- and aPPtying the same to the Use of the Publick. knowledgement thereof; and to return him their most

hearty Thanks; and to assure his Majesty anew', as they Mr* Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Ways and have done heretofore, That, on their Side, they will like- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, w ise at all times, strictly perform what they are obliged to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply by the said Treaty: That they are as thoroughly per- granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had suaded as it is possible for them to be, that their Interests directed him to report to the House; which he read in in the Preservation of the Peace, and in relation to their Place; and afterwfards delivered it at the Clerk's Table:

Safety, and the Maintenance of their Liberty and Reli- Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

f ion, are intirely united, and inseparable from those of his Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty, and his Kingdoms: And, his Majesty taking their That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, ah Aid Interest so much to Heart, they protest, That they will of Three Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid in no w ise separate themselves from those of his Majesty; upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Offices* and that, upon this Principle, they are resolved to take no Pensions, and personal Estates.

Measures in the Negotiations begun on this Subject, but The said Resolution being read a Second time;

in Concert with his Majesty, in the manner they have A.n Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

begun; knowing that his Majesty, as well as they, has leaving out ‘^of," and inserting, instead thereof, " not no other End than to maintain the publick Tranquillity, " exceeding:"

and their common Safety: That the Letter which is to And the Question being put, That "of" stand Part

be writ in consequence hereof, shall be sent, with a Copy of the Resolution;

of this, to the Sieur de Gcldermalsen, Envoy Extraordi- was resolved in the Affirmative.

nary from their High and Mightinesses to the Court of Resolved, That the House doth agfee with the Com-

his said Majesty, that he may present the same to his Ma- mittee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply

jesty: The Sieurs d'Essen, fend other Deputies of their granted to his Majesty, an Aid of Three Shillings in the

High and Mightinesses for the foreign Affairs, arse Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements,

further required, and commissioned, to communicate the Hereditaments, Offices, Pensions, and Personal Estate?.

Contents of the present Resolution to Mr. Stanhope above- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said ResO-

mentioned; and to thank him for his good Offices which lution: And that Mr- Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, lie has employed in this Business; desiring him to continue and ^r* Lowndes, do prepare and bring in, the same, them, to the end that the required Succour may be sent,

the sooner the better. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom* Liraitation

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Crown. Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Li* into all Fees received at his Majesty's Exchequer, con- mitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights ceming publick Monies; and to report to the House: and Liberties of the Subject.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Cocks, Dr. Davenant,

Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Scobell, Mr. How, Mr. Mompcsson, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Earl of Dysert, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Tredenham, Colonel Byerly, Sir Rowland Gwynne,

'Sir Geo. Hungerfoi'd, Sir Thomas Wagstaff, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Woollaston, Sir J: Le~ veson Gower, Sir Samuel Be jmardist on, Sir Charles Holham,

Sir William Hu&der, Sir William Drake, Sir James How,

Mr. Boyle, Mr. Cvtcpcr, Mr. Drake, Mr. Soames, Mr.

Vojl. 13.

Clarges'

Estate.

Edwards' Decree in Chancery.

Apsleys

Will.

Davison's

Estate.

Privilege — a Person petitions for Discharge.

Huntington

Election.

Fowy

Election.

Ditto.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege — Persons reprimanded and discharged.

508

Veneris,. 25* die;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

25 — 29

" A. 1701.

Prayers.

SI 11 Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Sir Walter Clarges Baronet to dispose of a Piece of Ground near Piccadilly, discharged of the Interest Thomas Neale Esquire had therein: And the same was received.

A Bill for confirming a Decree made in Chancery between John Edwards Gentleman, complaining against Sir Francis Charlton Baronet, and others, Defendants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

w A Bill for the better Performance of the Will of Henry Apsley Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Conyers, Sir William Thomas, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. St. John, Sir Rowland Gtvynne, Mr. Chetwynd\ Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Bloxvfeild, Sir John Kay, Sir Richard Cox, Sir Richard Onsloio, Lord Pau'lett, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr Cary, Mr. Birch, Sir John Bolls; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That *

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Estate of William Davison Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and raising his Childrens Portions, charged thereupon; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of William Davison Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and raising Childrens Portions, charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Jeffreys, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for distributing Money, and other indirect Practices in order to the Electing William Coatesworth Esquire to be a Member for the Borough of Great Grimsby, was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging his Error, and begging that his long Confinement may be considered: And praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Jeffryes be brought to ^the Bar of this House upon Tuesday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That Mr. Pedley have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Hun-i 'mgton, in the County of Huntington.

Ordered, That Mr. Vivian have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Fowy, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Fowy be heard, by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Wedneday next, after the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the City of Litchfield.

Ordered, That Sir William Gostwick have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the said John Sfory, George Clayton, and Jeremy Boreman, be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- irindon tionsdo hear the whole Matter upon both the Petitions, touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, except touching the Right of the Election which this House hath determined.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do hear the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon^ Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Five a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways au4 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit during Commits the intended Adjournment.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 29* die

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

ORDERED, That *

* That Sir William Drake have Leave to go into the Country, his Lady being dangerously ill. Absence.

Mr. Cross, according to Order, presented to foe House $t Maitioi a Bill for improving the Ground belonging to St. Martin* Parish Parish: And the same was received. *:stale-

#0

P

A Petition of Richard Green and John Day was pre- ite5Umpti<i sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That where- of Omuts. as John Cook, late of Colchester, was, in the Year 1690, possessed of divers Lands called Loveney-Hall, id the County of Essex; and, having murdered one William Leech, was executed for the same, and his Estate forfeited to the Crown; that the said Estate was granted, from the Crown, to John Stilleman; who sold the same to the Petitioners for a valuable Consideration, in Trust for one John Bland ford; whomade a Settlement thereof to divers Uses:

And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the bill now depending for resuming the Grants of all Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684, and applying the same to the Use of the Publick; for preserving the Petitioners Right to the said Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmes, Sir William Strickland, Saledf

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Leigh, be added to Lands in

the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the

Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling cer- PiC "*

tain Manors and Lands in South Pkkenham, and other

Places, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold;

end for laying out the Monies arising by Sale thereof, in

the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such and the same Uses as the same Manors and Lands, do to be

vested, are and stand settled *

7

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Refuting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ekctioni. House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery, and other undue Practices in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity of Parliaments.

John Story, George Clayton, and Jeremy Boreman, - Mr. Secretary Hedges reported to the House, That Anmr to

were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where their Thanks for his Majesty's most gracious Answer to Addrws‘ they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. their Address had been presented to his Majesty: And Speaker. that his Majesty received the same very graciously.

Resolved,

13 W.III.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday conje Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to resume the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th Day of February 1684; and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

A Petition of John Pei'ks, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for being guilty of distributing Money, and other indirect Practices, in order to the Election of William Coatesworth Esquire, to be a Member for the Borough of Grimsby, was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same: And praying to be discharged of his Confinement.

And the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

John Jefferys was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Jefferys be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit Wednesday and Thursday, during the Adjournment of . House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Fishery Company is referred, do sit Tomorrow Morning; and afterwards de die in diem.

A Petition of George Barret and Humphry Pricey late Town Majors of the Garisons of Hull and Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been disbanded since the last Parliament, without any Consideration, or Payment of their Arrears: And praying, That in Consideration of their long and faithful Services, they may be inserted in the List of Half-pay Officers; that they may have and enjoy the same Benefit of all other English Officers since the War.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay be made.

Ordered, That the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in Town, do attend this House upon Motiday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons,

Vo l. 13.

509

for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Maii;

13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ABILL to enable Sir Walter Clarges Baronet to dispose of a Piece of Ground near Piccadilly, con-r veyed by Sir Thomas Clarges to Thomas Neale Esquire, deceased, discharged of the said Mr. Neales Interest, was read the First time;

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read> Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle for he Y^ }«

Tellers for the 54-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Lead-merchants and Tradesmen of the Town of Derby, on behalf of themselves and divers others trading and dealing with and amongst the Lead-mines in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill brought

into this..... upon the Petition of Obadiah Bourney and

others; w hereby they endeavour, not, as they pretend, to ascertain, but to create and establish, a Duty or Tythe of Lead-ore in the said County, contrary to common Right: That there is already a great Duty of Lot and Cope to the King, and Lords of the Field; therefore humbly hope the said Bill may not be thought reasonable to pass: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the said Billjs committed.

Ordered, That Captain Miller have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Webb junior have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Duncomb have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Dozcntony in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Duncomb have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Hoblyny according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cormvally or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made: And the same was received.

A Petition of several Persons, being Traders in and about the Cities of Jjondon and Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and many others in and about the said Cities, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, in their several Ways of Trading, intrusted divers Members of this honourable House with 6 O Goods

290 Aprilis. — 2° Maii.

Clarges*

Estate.

Tythe of Lead Ore.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Downton

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Duchy of Cornwall Leases.

Privilege of Parliament.

Countess of

Anglesey's

Separation.

Raising

Militia.

Colony of Surinam.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Steyning

Election.

51° a0 — 3°

Goods to a great Value; and have used their utmost Endeavours to obtain their said Debts by the most respective Carriage and Application; but, the Honourable Persons strictly insisting on their Privilege, the Petitioners are forced to fly for Relief to this Honourable House: And praying such Remedy may be prescribed, as may prevent their Ruin, with other Traders in the like Condition with themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament: And that Sir John Leveson Gower, Sir Bartholoniew Shower, and Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir Richard Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for separating James Earl of Anglesey from Catharine Countess of Anglesey, his Wife, for the.Cruelty of the said Earl: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Mr. Topham and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hammond, Mr. Cox, Sir John Packington, Sir John Thorold, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Dy-moclc, be added to die Committee, to whom the Petition of Andrew Clifford and Jeronomy Clifford, late Inhabitants in Surinam in America, was referred.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Robert Fogg Baronet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a new Election to be for the Borough of Steyning, of a Member to serve in this Parliament; the Officer gave Notice thereof, about Six or Seven a Clock on Saturday in the Afternoon, the 12th of April, to be upon the Wednesday after in the Forenoon; which being very short and undue Notice, the Petitioner, who stood a Candidate with Charles Goreing Esquire, objected against the same; nevertheless, the Officer proceeding to the Election, 24 Persons were polled for the Petitioner, to whom no Objection was taken by the said Goreing; but, when the Officer had polled 26 for Mr. Goreing, he closed up the Poll, though there were 13 more legal' Voters ready to poll for the Petitioner: That there were several indirect Proceedings, before and at the said Election, by the said Mr. Goreing, in order to his Election: And praying, That a Day may be appointed for the Committee of Privileges and Elections to hear the Petitioners Case.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be a Direction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon another Day than they do usually sit;

It passed in the Negative.

A. 1701.

vigation and Trade of this Kingdom: And the same & was received. f

A Petition of Nine Engineers, who remain of all those Half-pay. that served in his Majesty's Army, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served his Majesty, and Government, during the late War, in Ireland and Flanders; and were disbanded at the Conclu-; sion of the Peace; having Arrears due to them since the Siege of Namure: That they presented their Petition for Half-pay the last Sessions: and the same was favourably received; but, through the Multiplicity of other Business, were not considered: And praying, That they may be considered with the rest of the Officers of the Army.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up LordSon Articles of Impeachment have Leave to send for Persons Papers, and Records. peacllIW

The House, according to Order, resolved Itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyei^ took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter lo them referred; and had directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Motion be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow j Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 3° die Mali;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A BILL for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa Esquire, deceased; and for pro* Estate, viding a Maintenance for his Widow and Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Man-naton, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Gwyn, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Verney, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lazvson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Lownds, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Gregory, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Birch, Sit Robert Cotton,

Mr. Anderton, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Hum, Mackworth,

Sir Charles Hotham, Sir John Kay; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Biggs Estate, in the County of Hertford, with the Payment of ^ate* his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mail.

Minehead Mr. Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Runnia.

Harbour. a Bill for the recovering, securing, and keeping, the Har- whom the Petition of Robert was referred, be ^lL

hour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Na- made upon Tuesday Morning, next. I

A Bill

i3 W. III.

3° Mail.

5"

bead

Dur.

A Bill for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, die Harbour of Minekead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be read a Second time.

nn's Sir Rowland Gwynne reported from the Committee, to ‘<ge whom the Bill to enable William Vaughan Esquire, and es* Frances Vaughan, his intended Wife, being both under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to perform Articles made for their Marriage, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they directed him to report to the House; which he jead in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

r>g Sir Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented to }> the House a Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Bernard Tanner Esquire, of such Part thereof as will he sufficient for the Payment of his Debts; And the same was received.

ege of Sir John Leveson Gower, according to Order, presented acnt. to the House a Bill for preventing any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next

rds» A Bill for confirming a Decree made in Chancery be-e in tween John Edwards Gentleman, Complainant, and Sir cry* Francis Charlton Baronet, and others, Defendants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goxver, Colonel Lee, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Skackerley, Mr. Mordant, Mr Hoblyn, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Mounstevens. Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Gregory, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Birch, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller; and all that serve for Staffordshire, Shropshire, Cheshire, and Wales: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Key, late Captain in the Lord Strathnavers Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having raised a Company with great Expences, and without Levy-money, in the said Regiment, which was then upon the Irish Establishment, he served faithfully therein for some . .; till, in October 1696, a new Commission was surreptitiously taken out for his Company, in favour of the Colonel's First Cousin, without any Ground, or regular Process: That there are considerable Arrears due to . the Petitioner, which lie can get no Account of from the Colonel: And praying, That he may be admitted into Half-pay, with the rest of the Officers of his Station.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay be made.

rson s for large.

lege- A Petition of Edward Martyn, in Custody of the Ser-pe* jeant at Arms, for having been guilty of Threats, and indirect Practices, in order to procure an Election of Members of Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea, w^aS presented to the House, and read; whereby he expressed his Sorrow for having incurred the Displeasure of the House; and begs Pardon for any thing wherein he may have given Offence: And prays the Compassion of the House; and that he may be discharged, that he may, in Vol. 13.

some measure, be enabled to provide for himself and Family.

Ordered, That the said Edward Martyn be brought to the Bar upon Monday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, presented to Preservation the House a Bill for the better Preservation and Increase °* Timber* of the Timber of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of Edmund Stafford, and Samuel Dopping Irish For- Esquire, in behalf of themselves, and other Purchasers of fcitures. Inheritance of Part of the Forfeited Estates in Ireland, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Monday Morning, when the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures are to attend this House, and the Report of the said Trustees is to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, and chief Ry* Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Rye, in the Harbour. County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of Rye is the only Har-hour for Ships the English have, upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, from the Dooms to Portsmouth; and is very convenient for Ships that sail from East to West, and from West to East, to put into, to save themselves in Stress of Weather; and lies opposite to Deep, and several other considerable Ports of France: That, by the Stopping of the Slubb, the said Harbour is so choaked, that, in a few Years, a Ship of Burden will not be able to come in there: And praying, That this House will be pleased to take such Course as they shall think fit, for die Restoring the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Ojfley, and Mr. Shackerley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Countess of for separating James Earl of Anglesey from Catharine Anglesey's Countess of Anglesey, his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said SeParation-Earl, w'as, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of James Earl of Anglesey, was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Matters alleged against the Petitioner, in the Bill for separating him from his Countess, are cognizable in a proper inferior Court: And praying, That the House will appoint a time, before the Second Reading of the said Bill, when, by his Counsel, he may make it appear, That the inferior Courts have usual Methods, and known Laws, to judge such Cases by, with full Power to relieve, where the Case deserves it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Dillon's Sir Richard Halford: Divorce.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Fowv Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elech°n* Borough of Fowy, in the County of Cornwall, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved,

513 3°~5° Mail A. 1701.

Preservation Resolved\ That this House will, upon this Day Seven- be paid out of the next Supply to be granted to his Ma-ef Protestant night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jesty: That the said Duties on Leather and Skins is ex-

Religion. upon the gjj for the better preservation of the Protestant pired; and there is due to the Petitioners upwards of

Religion; and for preventing the Translation of Bishops 500,000l. Principal, and about 18 Months Interest:

from one See to another. That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill now

passing this House, for granting an Aid to his Majesty: Coontess of Resolved, That the Countess of Anglesey, during the And praying, That the said Debt may be transferred to Angleseys tjme of the relating to her, depending in this the said Aid, for discharging thereof, and the Interest; eparation. jjouse^ bave the protection of this House for Prosecuting and that this House will appoint a Time for hearing the of the same. Petitioners, before the said Bill doth pass; unless some other effectual Provision be made for the Petitioners this Publick Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Session of Parliament.

Debts. whom it was referred to receive Proposals for paying off Ordered, That the Petitioners be, by Counsel, heard at the publick Debts, and advancing the Credit of the Na- the Bar of this House upon Friday Morning, tion, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of John Hicks, of Trevithick, in the County LatwitU Regulating The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a of Cornwall, Esquire, was presented to the House, and ^ec^0B-Elections. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being a Neigh-better preventing Bribery, and other undue Practices, in hour of Lestwithiell, in the said County of Cornwall, Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitu- was, by the Electors of the said Borough, encouraged to tion of Parliaments. offer his Service to be chosen one of their Representa-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. tives in this present Parliament, in the Foom of John

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Com- Buller Esquire, deceased: That, by the Influence of a

# noble Peer of this Realm, and the Solicitations of his

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. _ Servants and Agents, and other indirect Means, several

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Com- Persons, that had invited the Petitioner, were prevailed on mittee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to desert him, and vote for the Honourable George Booth to them referred; and had directed him to move, That Esquire ;j notwithstanding which, the Petitioner had a they may have Leave to sit again. Majority of lawful Voices, yet Nevill Peters, the Mayor,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- returned the said George Booth Esquire, and refused to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole hear, or sign the Petitioner s Indenture: And praying House, to consider further of the said Bill. Relief in the Premises. t

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be And then the House adjourned till Monday referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Morning next, Nine a Clock. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report j

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bi whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for WTu; defraying' the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Gari- ' sons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause for inlarging the Time for the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures to determine Appeals.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause to provide. That 'no Members of this House, from and after the Dissolution of this Parliament, shall be concerned as a Commissioner, or other Officer, in the Customs.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Edward Privilege. Oliver junior, Hoyman, Thomas Ter ry, John Terry, and George Briggs, have entered upon the Lands of James Herbert Esquire, in the County of Kent, and taken away Copperas Stones from off the same, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: j

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report j

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. \

Edward Martyn was, according to Order, brought to Privilege-) the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri- A mand from Mr. Speaker. g-g

Ordered, That the said Edward Martyn be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, reported, Fo*j from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the f:lection Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Forty, in the County of Cornxvall; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and j afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Fowy, complaining of an undue Election for the said . Borough of Fowy:

That

Lunce, 5° die Maii;

130 Willielmi; Anno 1701.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A BILL for granting an Aid to his. Majesty, for de-Land Tax. jfx fraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Committee do apply a Part of the Money, to be raised by the said Bill, towards the Paying off and Cancelling Exchequer Bills.

Creditors on A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves, Duty on and many others, who did advance, and pay into the Resume, &c. ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum of Five hundred Sixty-four thousand Seven hundred Pounds, in a Time of extraordinary Necessity, on the Faith and Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the 6th and 7th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Stone, Glass, and Earthenwares, Coals, and Culm, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France; which Fund was, the next Session of Parliament, taken away; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did advance and lend the said Sum, at the Interest of Seven Pounds perCent. on a Fund that would have discharged the Principal and Interest in the Time limited, had not the said Duties been taken away: That, the Session of Parliament following, a Duty was laid on Leather and Skins, for Three Years, for Repayment of the said Debt, and Interest; and the Persons who lent the said Money, setting forth the Insufficiency of the said Duties for answering the said Debt, and Interest, were granted an enacting Clause, That so much of the said Money, as should fall short of Payment by the said Duties, should

13 W. III. '5° — 6°

That the Right of Election was not much controverted by the Counsel: However, the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Edward Parker: Who said, He had lived in Foray Fifty Years: and that the Right of Election was in the Prince's Tenants, one of which was always ehosen Portreeve; and in such Inhabitants as pay Scotland Lot. Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Fowy, in the County of Cornwall, is in the Prince's Tenants, who are capable of being Portreeves of the said Borough; and in such Inhabitants of the said Borough only as pay Scotland Lot.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament of the Borough of Fowy, in the County of Cornwall, is in the Prince's Tenants, who are capable of being Portreeves of the said Borough; and in such Inhabitants of the said Borough only as pay Scotland Lot.

The House was acquainted, That the Trustees for the ties.' Irish Forfeitures attended, according to Order.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do attend this House again upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That no Petitions relating to the Forfeitures of Ireland be received until alter Wednesday Morning next.

,d Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House for Leave to apply One hundred thousand Pounds a Year, Part of the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, granted for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and other Expences and Occasions, towards the Payment of the Publick Debts; the Occasions for which the said One hundred thousand Pounds was given being now ceased.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to apply One hundred thousand Pounds a Year, Part of the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, granted for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and other Expences and Occasions, towards Payment of the publick Debts; the Occasions for which the said One hundred thousand Pounds w as given being now ceased;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for f Colonel Granville, the Yeas, (Sir Charles:

Tellers for $ Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,) ? the Noes,) Mr. Bridges: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and , Sir Richard Holjord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they having, on the First Day of April last, sent up to their Lordships an Impeachment against William Earl of Portland, of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and having also, on the Fifteenth Day of the same Month, severally impeached John Lord Somers, Edward Earl of Or ford, and Charles Lord Halit fax, of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; their Lordships think themselves obliged to put this House in mind, That as yet no particular Articles have been exhibited against the said Lords; which, after Impeachments have been so long depending, is due in Justice to the Persons concerned, and agreeable to the Methods of Parliament in such Cases.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an Answer he returned to the Lords. That the Articles against the Lords impeached are pre-V>L. 13.

Mail. 513

paring, and* in a short time, this House will send them up to the House of Lords.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee.

Avid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Mail;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ABILL to naturalize Archibald Arthur, and enable Arthur's him to settle and dispose of his Estate, was read Nat. a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gulston,

Mr. Crosse, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Pit-feitd, Mr. Carter, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Chase, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Brother ton, Captain Clayton, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr.

Gape, Mr. Biisse, Sir Charles Bloys, Lord Cornbury, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Howe, Sir John Kaye, Sir John Packington,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wild, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Blofeild: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Box's to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Bor with Elizabeth DiVorce* Eyre; and to enable him to marry again; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Cornbury, according to Order, presented to Servants the House a Bill for the speedy Discovery and Suppres- Wages, sion of Vagabonds; and the better regulating disorderly Servants; and for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages: And the same was received.

A Bill for improving the Ground belonging to St. St. Martin* Martins Parish, was read the First time. Parish

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime. Estate.

A Petition of the Mayor, free Burgesses, and Inha- Woollen bitants, of the Borough of Callington, in the County of Manufkc-CornwaU, was presented to the House, and read; setting ture-forth, That Poverty doth greatly increase amongst the meaner Sort of People there, as well as in other Parts of the Kingdom, by reason of the Decay and Damp of Trade in the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, That effectual Care may be taken for encouraging the said Wollen Manufacture, by obliging the common People to wear their Apparel thereof; and their shifting and inner.

Garments of Flannel; or by any other Means as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws in being, relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

The Earl of Dysert reported from the Committee, to Lord whom the Bill to enable Robert Lord Viscount Kilmore, in Kilmore'* the Kingdom of Ireland, being an Infant, to settle divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage, was committed,

, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Commitee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in hfe 6 P Place;

5H

6° M

A.

1701

Place; and afterwards delivered mat the Clerk's Table: virtue of their Charter, within that Borough, are Salt-Where the same were once read throughout; and then a makers; and, whenever any Persons are detected for Second time, one by ons; and, upon the Question severally Running of Salt, the said Justices are the Judges which

Lady

Bulkcly's

Eftt&te.

Duties on Salt

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Dulkley to sell certain Lands in the county of -Devon, and City, and County of the City, of Exon, for the Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Bulkley to sell certain Lands in the County of

Devon, and City, and County of the City, of Exon, for the Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan do carry the Bill to the seen several Sums of Money paid to the Proprietors, for' Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Salt, of which the Duty has not been paid to the King.

Mr. said, That he saw above 170 Bushels of

Mr. Shackerly, according to Order, presented to the Salt taken out of Mr. Edu ard Ranch's Crib at

House a Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the without paying any Duty:

Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less That several Families in the said Town are maintained

Charge to thcj?ublick: And the same was received. by Running of Salt; and refuse to work, to get an honest

try and determine these said Abuses; whereby several Persons, who are great Dealers in Salt, are favoured by the said Justices; Mr. Huntbach said, That he hath seen 40, 50, and 60 Bushels of Salt carried off' at a time, without paying any Duty; and that he hath heard the Proprietors of the Salt-works at make their

Boast of running Salt; and that several Men in the said Town have carried away very great Quantities of Salt, without paying the Duty; and have armed themselves, to defend them against such as should oppose them: That the greatest Part of the Inhabitants of Droituich are Runners of Salt; and that above Thirty Horses are kept on purpose to carry off such Salt: Ami that he hath

Ordered, That Morning next

the Bill be read upon Thursday

Litchfield,

See.

Elections.

Herne's

Will.

Tylbes of Lead-ore.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the City of Litchfield, and the Boroughs of , in the County of Wilts; and Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop; be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Heme, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Heme, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Wharfingers, Shipmasters, Owners, and other Tradesmen and Inhabitants, of the several Towns of Gainesborough, Stockwith, and Bawtry, in the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there 13 a Bill depending in this Honourable House, for settling and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead-ore, in the County of Derby; and that, in the major Part of the said County, it hath not been customary to pay Tythe for Lead-ore: That, if the said Bill should pass, it would prevent the Growth of that Trade, and hinder the Employment of

Livelihood, because they get more Money in that fraudulent Practice.

Mr. Huntbach said, That one of the Supervisors surveyed all the Salt in the Town of and entered

the same in a Book; after which, Mr. Wood, one of the Proprietors, run a whole Crib of Salt at one time.

Mr. Steyner said, That he verily believed, that the King is defrauded of the said Duty to above the Value of 10,0001, per Annum, within the Borough Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That several great Quantities of Salt, made within the Borough of Droituich, in the County of Worcester, have been sold, and conveyed away, the Duty whereof has not been answered, or paid to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Abuses in Running of Salt.

And the First Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

Mr. Topham, according to Order, presented to the Raising House a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One Militia-thousand Seven hundred and One, although the Month's

Mi

m

Mrwi

hax

firs, 1 IliUS

friani

Multitudes of Poor, and be detrimental to the Naviga- Hay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same

{tunning

Salt.

tion of the River Trent: And praying, That they may he heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Robert Cotton, according to Order, reported from

was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, of the sad and Discharging distressed Condition of several Seamen, who have been Stamen, discharged their Ships without being paid their Bounty-money, or Wages j Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

'tale

the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Steyner Majesty, That he will please to give Direction, That the

Esquire was referred, That they had examined the Matter thereof; and had directed him to report the same, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Seamen discharged be immediately paid their Bounty-money and Wages; that Money may be sent down to pay those in the Country who are discharged; and that before any more be discharged, they may be paid off on board the Ships.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

The Committee having examined the Allegations con- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his

tained in the said Petition, it appeared to them, by the Information they received from the Petitioner, as also from one Mr. Huntbach, That, notwithstanding the Penalties indicted upon Offenders, by the several Acts of Parliament for laying a Duty upon Salt; yet the same is found not sufficient to deter Persons from defrauding his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appoiirted to inquire into the Reasons, how the Seamen came to be discharged without being paid:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clayton, Lord Marquis of Sir Mordant, Sir Charles Bloys, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Sir Richard

Majesty of a great Part of that Duty: __________

That a great Part of the Salt made within the Borough Cocks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mountague, Colonel Byerly, Mv. of DroUwichis fraudently conveyed away, without Cox, Mr. How, Mr. Marks, Mr. Foley, Mr. St. John, Payment of the Duty for the same; Mr. Chandler, Sir William Ashurst, Sir Ashley,

That the Justices of the Peace, who are Justices, by Lord Hyde, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Hob/in, Mr.

Barth.

Duke of

Ormond*s Estate.

Mowin'

Name.

Ways and Meant.

Privilege of Parliament.

Limitation of the Crown.

Preservation of limber.

Committees.

Barkstead's

Nat.

13 W. III. 6° — 7 Mail. 515

Barth. Shower, Sir Charles Barrington, Mr. Moncton, Sir That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland

Rush.Cullen, Mr. Brotherton, S\r JustinianIs/mm, Sir John Gzvynne, Mr. Offley, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Lord Corn-

LevesonGower, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Robert Davers, bury, Sir Henry Mr. Gulston, Mr. Compton, Sir

Mr. Pagit, Mr. Roamey, Sir yb. Hot ham, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Samuel Barnardiston, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. England,

Sergeson, Sir William Strickland, Sir William York, Colo- Lord Fairfax, Lord Mordant, Mr. Moumtevens, Sir Ro-nel Lee, Colonel Crawford, *, *; and all that bert Clayton, Colonel Mordant, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Cha. serve for the SeaPorts, Surry, and Hampshire: And Barrington, "Mr: Vaughan, Sir John Mr.

they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Cham- Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Horne, Mr. Low-

ber: And they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, iher, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Shackerly: And and Records. they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Speaker's Chamber.

mittee, That they do inquire into the Abuses in buying of Seamen's Tickets.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Hof ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Creditors of James late Duke of OrmOnd, and of the present Duke of Ormond: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to change the Surname of Ellis Mewis, and his Heirs, to the Surname of Saint

John: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Bill for preventing any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Bolls took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Bolls reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation and Increase of the Timber of this Kingdom be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, T die Maii;

13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

AB I L L for naturalizing Jane Barkstead Widow;

and vesting several Mortgages and Securities, Part of her late Husband's Estate, in her, whereby she may be enabled to take in, and let out, her own and her Children s Money, as there shall be Occasion; was read a Second time.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That Colonel Grarrcille have Leave to with- Newport draw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough kkcl"»u* of Newport, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, ThatLeave be given to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Newport to withdraw their Petition touching the Election for the said Borough.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Apsle/» the Bill for the better Performance of the Will of Henry Will-Apsley Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards de-vered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Heysham reported from the Committee, to whom Tertnyn'* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Stephen Jermyn to make Provision for his younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, w ithout any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Tythe* of Inhabitants of the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the Lead-ore. County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, having very lately been informed, That a Bill is passing this Honourable House, for Payment of Tythe of Lead-ore, in the County of Derby, do humbly beg Leave to observe, That the same may be of very ill Consequence to most Places of this Kingdom, as well as to the Petitioners; for that it is the Interest of England to free its Manufactures, and the Commodities of its Growth and Product, from all those Clogs that hinder the Consumption or Exportation thereof; and to give all possible Encouragement to those Persons that employ their Estates, and the Poor of this Kingdom therein: That the present Duties and Charges upon Lead-ore and Lead are so very great, and Expences in finding it out no less, that there rather wants a Law for the better promoting and encouraging the seeking for, getting and exporting, that Commodity, than a Law to charge it with Tythe, not due of common Right: And praying, That the same may be considered, and Lead-ore be discharged from paying any Tythe at all.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Colonel Luke Lillingston was presented Half-pay. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath, in several Qualities, faithfully served the Crown almost these 30 Years; and was in all the War in

Ireland,

Box's

Divorces.

5^'in-ton's

Estate.

516 70 Man.A. 1701.

Ireland', and afterwards in Flanders, till the latter End of Coaches, Carts, and Drays, within certain Limits in the the Year 1692, when he was commanded upon the Ex* said Act mentioned, with a Power for the Trustees therein

mentioned to borrow, at Interest, 3,000 upon the Credit and Profits thereof: And the Petitioners, before

pedition to Martinico; and afterwards to Jamaica, where

lie was very serviceable: That there is a considerable Arrear due to him, for such his Services: And praying, passing of the said Act, having, by Articles, agreed with That lie may be admitted into Half-pay, with the rest of Cavendish fVcedon Esquire, one of the Trustees, for 2,6001. the Colonels of the Army, to be paid, at Lady-day last, for several Houses, and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Ground, which then stood where the said Way now is.

Minehead

Harbour.

Insolvent

Debtori.

Ilernea

wau

until the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay, shall be made.

A Petition of Elizabeth Box was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner has several Things to offer against the Bill now depending in this House, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again: And praying, That she may be heard, by her Counsel, against the said before the same be read a Third time.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

Ordered, That the Bill for the recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne, dated the 25th Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Heme, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

were, by the stud Act, to be paid the same accordingly:

That toe Petitioners, being desirous that tire said Way might be made as soon as possible, did, upon the Security of the said Act, transfer their said Houses, and Ground, to the 3aid Mr. IVecdon, and the other Trustees; but now find, That the said Tax will fall short of raising the said 2,600 /. with Interest: And praying, That the House, will consider the Premises, and afford them Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Cavendish JVecdon Esquire was referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Lynn Work. Workhouses within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the louses. County of Norfolk, for the better Employing and Main-

taining of the Poor there, be read a Second time tomorrow Morning.

Mi.

ta*

JAS.

Duke of

Onnoiuff K state.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Champ- tj5e j?ar[ of

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for tire more speedy Payment of the Creditors of James late Duke of Ormond, and of the present Duke of was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir BarthoJemevoShower acquainted the House, from Earl of the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Im- Oi toid'a peachment against the Lords impeached, That they had draw n up Articles of Impeachment, accordingly, against

Impeach-

ment.

veys, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Sir

Thomas Afceres, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Charles Barrington,

Mr. Gzvyn, Mr. Alomtague, Sir William Sir

Robert Dovers, Mr. Bronliy, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Shack-

er !y, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Heysham Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hon', Sir John Phillips, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Bere, Sir Sam. Barnar diston, Mr. Randa, Mr. Sco-bell, Mr. Woollaston, Sir Rowland Gzcynne, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Lcwther, Mr. Mompcsson; and all that serve for

Ordered, That the said Articles be reported To-

morrow

Morning.

A Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for Assaying Assaying of wrought Plate, according to the present Tlate. Standard, and affixing the Britannia Mark thereon, in those Cities where Mints were lately erected for re-coining the Money of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Eduard

Speakers Chamber.

the County of Middlesex, and City of London :And they Seymour, Mr. Shackerly. Sir Bath. Earl of

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the serf, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, M r. Moun-

stevens, Mr. <5 Mr. Mr. Heysham, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Conyers, Mr. England, Sir Robert Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brotherton. Mr. H ard, Sir James , Mr. King, Mr. Cook, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Davy, Sir Charles Sir Mich. Wharton, Mr. Blofcild,

Mr. Sir Gzcynne, Colonel Byre Sir

Charles Bloys, Mr. Sir Robinson, Mr.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Charles Barrington to settle a Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to Sir Mr. Thompson, Sir

4 H V i> 41 1 I /\ 1 a /f 44 4 I if 4 / % f II. _ f # _ / Ml 1 4 Tl M "V _ f 7 I _ i

the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, with some other Amendments, made by the House, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Phillips, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Mr. Pagit, Sir

Thomas Frankland, Mr. Randy, Sir William Sir

John Kay, Mr. Harcey, Mr. Palmes, Sir Richard Cocks,

Mr. Cox; and all for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Devon, Norfolk, and Somersett: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. How presented to the House a Bill for qualifying justice* of Justices of the Peace: And the same was received; and 1'eace Qua-read the First time. htication.

ni

in

1 -ffeft.

Ww Way so

incoln*-

w-tieid*.

That the Bill be read a Second time upon A Petition of Shem Bridges and John Thornicroft Friday Morning next.

Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That, by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to and

The House being informed, That the Trustees fur the frish Irish Forfeitures attended, according to Order;

- _ _ , - The Report from the said Trustees was again read.

Tlaces adjacent, a lax of Two Shillings and Six-pence And the Trustees were called in; and, at the Bar, they

p«r Quarter, for Six \ears, was iaid upoaafl Hackney were asked several Questions upon the said Report: And

they

LofUnds, kt. N At

Dillons

Divorce.

Rfsmnption vf Grants.

13 w. in.

8U Mail.

5*7

they presented to the House a Map of Ireland, shewing and Premises were, at the time the Petitioner renewed the Situation of the gross Quantities of the forfeited the said Lease, so ruinous, that little or no Profit could Lands in that Kingdom; and Instructions for a general he made thereof; and therefore his Majesty was pleased Survey thereof; and also an Account of forfeited Debts to grant the Petitioner a long Lease thereof: That the

Petitioner, and her Tenants, have already laid out above 500l. and are still laying out more Money, in improving the said Premises; by which means the Rents, at the Expiration of the said Tern), will be very much augmented: And preying That she may be beard, by her Counsel, before the Bill passes, for resuming the English Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Grants since the Year 1684; or that she may have a

' " ' Clause inserted therein, for the saving of her Right in

the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

granted.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Account was read.

And the same, and the Map, and Account, and Instructions, are bound up with the Papers of this Session.

to be perused by the Members of this House.

Resolved, That this House will appoint a Day to re* ceive all Petitions relating to the Forfeitures.

Resolved, That Tuesday next be the Day for receiving the said Petitions.

Resolved, That all such Petitions be referred to the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, to state the Matter of Fact only appearing upon such Petitions.

Publick

Debts.

Ways and Means.

A Petition of Abraham Harrison Woollendraper was Resumption presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That GranU* his present Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, did Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to grant to the Earl of Jersey, by their Letters Patents whom jt was referred to receive Proposals for paying off dated the 3d Day of June, in the 4th Year of their the publick Debts, and advancing the Credit of the Reign, all that their Manor of in the

Nation, be made upon Monday Morning next. County of Devon, for 99 Years, to commence after the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Expiration of a Lease for 25 Yews, granted, by King

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Charles the Second, to Sir Annas /^rdBa^onet, vrhich

- - ended the 1st of April last; That the said Earl did, m

Consideration of 3001, by Indenture dated Use 9th of

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Jovis, 8* die Maii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of Adrian and

fthers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Guynne, Mr. Roberts, Sir William Strickland, Mr. Harley, Mr. Yates, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Hoblin, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir John TreoUlian, Mr. Mr.

derton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Tho. JVag-itaffc. Sir John Kay, Sir William York, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Cotton, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Charles Bloys, Sir Mr.

StretJ'crd, Mr. Birch, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Walpole, Sir

Godfrey Copley, Mr. Bright, Mr. Fuller, Mr. upon Morning next.

Mr. Btofeild, Sir Isaac itebow, Mr. Lake, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Raynor, Mr. Market, Mr. Clark:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

by

May 1695, assign the said Letters Patents, and all his Title to the Manor and Premises, to the Petitioner;

That the said 300 L was laid out in order for the Petitioner's Wife, who as yet hath received no Profit thereof;

And praying a Clause may be inserted, for the saving of the Petitioner's Right to the said Manor and Premises, in the Bill, now before this House, for resuming the Grants of Lands, and other Revenues, since the 6th of February 1684, and applying the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w horn the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Commis-ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- sioners of mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing AcCounU* and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Richard Bigg to Bigg's charge Part of his Estate, in the County of Hertford, Estate, with the Payment of his Debts, be read a Second time

An ingrossed Bill for furnishing the Town of New Deale

Deale with fresh Water was read the Third time.

Waterworks,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for fornisbing the Town of New Deale with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Elizabeth Hamilton Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his

A Bill for recovering securing, and keeping in Re- Minehead pair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and H»rboun Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a second time, present Majesty, by Letters Patent dated 3* July, in the ^Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis 5th Year of his Reign, hath demised to the Petitioner, Warr, Mr. LuttereU, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mr.

for 99 Years, commencing from the 30th of November MounsMr.Sir Mr.

1695, about Two Acres of Land, with some old ruin- MorgaMr. Mr Freeman, Sir Rowland ous Houses and Stables, near Hide-Pai'k, in the County C wynne, Mr. BromUy, Mr. St. John, Sir Phi. of Middlesex; and which were, amongst other Things, de- ham, Mr. Sir Trevillian, Mr. Mompesson,

mised by King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents Mr. Lowther, Mr.

dated the 17th of June, in the 17th Year of his Reign, Gfcr/tt', Sir Sir Pf*n. Massam,

onto Thomas late Lord Culpeper, in Trust for James Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Ettertck; and all that serve for

Hamilton Esquire, the Petitioner's late Husband, wrho was Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and and for many Years Groom of the Bed-chamber to his said for WaleAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five

a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, and Bridgwater Grand Jury, of the County of Somerset, at the Assizes Bridge,*

6 Q held

late Majesty, for 31 Years, from the 30th of November, then last past, for the good and acceptable Services done by the Petitioner's said Husband: That the said Houses Vo 1- 13.

8° Mail. J. i'jOi.

held at Taunton, the Eighth of April One thousand Seven hundred and One, with several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, in and near Bridgwater, in the County adjacent, was' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act made in the 9th and 10th Years of his present Majesty, for repairing, inlarging, and preserving, the Bridge and Key of the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, a Power is given to the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or major Part of them, in Council assembled-, to lay and levy One Shilling per Ton on all Goods and Merchandizes; which hath raised near 300l. yearly: And praying, That Leave may be given-to bring in a Bill, or Clause, for enforcing an Account to be given, upon Oath, at the next General Quarter Sessions, That, when it shall appear the said Bridge and Key shall be sufficiently repaired and amended, and the Monies, for that Purpose borrowed, repaid with Interest, the said Duties may cease.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that they have Power to receive a Clause, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That Address. their Address, in relation to the paying the Seamen, having been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions therein accordingly.

Lynn Work-; A Bill for the* erecting Hospitals and Work-houses houses. within the Borough of King'#-Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the betteVemploying and maintaining the Poor there, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JValpolc, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Compton, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Ash, Sir Charles Bloys, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Moncton, Colonel Lee, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Gulston, Mr. St. John, Lord Fairfax, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Hervey, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Cox, Mr. Halford, Mr. Proby, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. King, Mr. Leigh, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Morgan, Sir Rowland Gwynnc, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Birch; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolke, Su()blker and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out of the Bill the Clause, which exempts the Officers to be employed in the Execution, or by virtue of the Act, from the Penalties in the Act made in the 25th Year of King Charles the Second, for preventing the Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

li*aWent A Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt w as, Debtors. according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

v Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the inquiring into, and effectual punishing, the Abuses in the Execution of the last Act for discharging poor Prisoners.

They were called in accordingly; viz.

Mr. William Colepeper, Mr. Thomas Colepeper, Mr.

David Polhill, Mr. Justinian Champneys, and Mr. 1Fil~ liam Hamilton:

And they, at the Bar, owned the same Petition, and their Hands to the same.

And then they withdrew.

And the Petition w as read, intituled, The humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and other Freeholders, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at Mmdslon, in Kent, the 29th Day of April, in the 13th Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, over England, &c.; setting forth* That they, deeply concerned at the Dangerous Estate of this Kingdom, and of all Europe; and considering, that the Fate of them, and their Posterity, depends on the Wisdom of their Representatives in Parliament; think themselves bound in Duty humbly to lay before this Honourable House the Consequence, in this Conjuncture, of a speedy Resolution, and most sincere Endeavour, to answer the great Trust reposed in their said Representatives by the Country: And in regard that, from the Experience of all Ages, it is mar nifest no Nation can be great or happy without Union, they hope no Pretence whatsoever shall be able to create a Misunderstanding among ourselves, or the least Distrust of his Majesty, whose great Actions for* this Nation are writ in the Hearts of his Subjects, and can never, without the blackest Ingratitude, be forgot: And praying, That this-House will haive Regard to-the* Voice of the People; that our Religion and Safety may be effectually provided for; that the loyal Addresses of this House may be turned into Bills of Supply; and that his Majesty may be enabled powerfully to assist Ids Allies, before i$ is too late.

Resolved, That the said Petition is scandalous, inso- Resolved u lent, and seditious;. tending to destroy the Constitution {* of Parliaments, and to subvert the established Govern- ous‘ ment of this Realm.

Resolved, That Mr. William Colepeper is guilty of pro- And Pm moting the said Petition: ' tersordered

Resolved, That Mr. Thomas Colepeper is guilty of pro* ,aroCui^ moting the sdid Petition.

Resolved, That Mr. David Polhill is guilty of promoting the said Petition.

Resolved, That Mr. Justinian Champneys is guilty of promoting the said Petition.

Resolved, That Mr. William Hamilton is guilty of promoting the said* Petition.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Tfllliam Colepeper be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Thomas Colepeper be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. David Polhill be. for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr Justinian Champneys be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Hamilton be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges. tfons be discharged from hearing any more Causes this Session, touching Elections, after the Four next Causes hi Course.

Kent Peti- A Petition from several Gentlemen of the County of tion. Kent being offered to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be brought up to the Table.

And it was brought up accordingly.

And the House being informed, That several of the Gentlemen, w ho signed the said Petition, were at the Door/ready to own the same;

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his Message Majesty had been pleased, by him, to send to this House fr.omtl,e a most gracious Message in Writing, signed by his Majesty; and that, there being mentioned therein several Succomb] Papers, he has the same to produce: And he delivered Holland, the said Message, and Papers, in at the Table.

And the Message was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

WILLIAM R.

HIS Majesty having lately received an Account, from Mr. Stanhope, of the present Posture of Affairs in Holland; and likewise a Letter from the States General, which is of the greatest Importance: And his Majesty,

w ho

r3 W. III.

who has so perfect a Knowledge of their Country, being jntirely convinced of the Hardship of their present Condition, and the great Pressures they now lie under, which are particularly expressed in the above-mentioned Letter; has thought it' absolutely necessary to communicate the same to this House, that the Expectation the States have of present Assistance from his Majesty may more fully appear; and his Majesty does not doubt but this House will be so justly sensible of those immediate Dangers to which they stand exposed, as to take the same into their most serious and effectual Consideration; it being most -evident, that the Safety of England, as well as the very Being of Holland, does very much depend upon your Resolutions in this Matter.

Kensington, May 8, 1701.

T Then a Letter from the States General to his Majesty was read; which is as followeth; viz.

Sir,

SINCE the Protestation was made to your Majesty, in our last Letter of 23d April, not to enter into any Negociation with France but in Concert with England, we have judged it proper to ask Count d'Avaux, Ambassador Extraordinary from his most Christian Majesty, If he was inclined and authorized to enter again upon the Negotiation, in the manner it was begun jointly with the Minister of Your Majesty, as Your Majesty will see by our Resolution of the 2d of this Month, here inclosed: Count d'Avaux, having sent it to his most Christian Majesty, after the Return of his Express, presented a Memorial, of which we likewise add a Copy to this Letter: We immediately communicated it to Mr. Stanhope, Your Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary; and, having consulted with him about it, we found some Things obscure in the said Memorial; which made us doubt of the true Meaning of it: Therefore we thought it necessary to acquaint the said Count d'Avaux with the Letter we had the Honour to write to Your Majesty the 23d of April last past; and that we were not engaged to take any Measures in the Negotiation but in Concert with Your Majesty. Count d'Avaux made Answer to our Deputies, That he was come hither to treat about the Means ot preserving the general Peace, and establishing our particular Safety: That, if we would concert thereupon with your Majesty, he had nothing to object against it; and that he was content, that Your Majesty's Envoy should assist at the Conferences that are to be held on that Subject; but that he was not at all authorized to enter into Negotiation with him about the Concerns of England, which were to be treated elsewhere. To which our Deputies represented, That, in the Preservation of the general Peace, in which Your Majesty is equally concerned with us, our Safety could no-ways be separated from that of England: That the Interest therein was common to both the Two Nations; and that, in the present Negociation, Your Majesty could not, without doing You Wrong, be looked upon otherwise than as a principal Party, as well as we: But, notwithstanding the many Instances, and all the Reasons, our Deputies could allege, Count d'Avaux persisted in his aforesaid Answer; saying, That he had no other Orders: That he would send our Resolutions, of which Your Majesty will find herewith a Copy, to the Court of France; without giving the least Hopes of receiving an Answer, agreeable to our Sense of Matters. Upon the Report which was made to us of this Matter, we judged, That by this means the Interest of England would be separated from those of our Republick, whereas we think them inseparable: And since it is evident, that they are so, we could draw no other Conclusion from this Proceeding, than that France has a mind to put an End to these Conferences; and to grant none of the Securities demanded, and which are so necessary for the Preservation of Your Majesty's Kingdoms, and of our State. We are obliged to make all this known to Your Majesty; and do again protest, That, our Interests being the same with those of Your Majesty, in this present Negotiation, and not to be separated one from the other, we will not. suffer them by any

Vol. 13.

519

means to be divided. At the same time, Sir, we cannot Demand of but represent to Your Majesty the great Need we have of by

being assisted without Loss of Time, if we will prevent the Ruin which threatens us, and the evident Danger we are in Your Majesty knows perfectly well the State of our Affairs, and will easily judge, if it be possible, in the Condition we are, to resist the Forces of France, so much superior to ours; which was the Reason of our earnest Request to Your Majesty, to perform the Treaty made, with the Approbation of the Parliament, in the Year 1678, between Ring Charles the Second, of glorious Memory, and this State.' We do now repeat ogr most pressing Instances, That we may have speedily the Succours stipulated, and the intire Effect of the said Treaty. We hope Your Majesty will seriously consider the State we are in, especially after the positive Assurance Your Majesty has given us, That Your Parliament had resolved to interest themselves with Vigour for our Preservation; and to assist us, in our present Necessity, by furnishing the Succours agreed on. We will acquaint Your Majesty with the Posture France puts itself in; and Your Majesty will thereby judge, whether our Fear is ill-grounded, which animates our Demands. France, not being satisfied with having taken Possession of all the Places that belonged to Spain in the Netherlands, does daily put into them, and causes actually to march thither, very formidable Forces.

They are drawing a Line from the Scheld, near Antwerp, to the Maes; and beginning another Line, as we are informed, from Antwerp to Ostend: They send to the Places which are nearest to our Frontiers, a very great Number of Cannon: They erect, with all Diligence, a great many Magazines in Flanders, Brabant, Gelders, and at Namur$ which they fill with all Sorts of Ammunition, and Provision for War; besides the vast Quantity of Forage they lay up every-where: They build Forts under the Cannon of our Towns: Moreover, they have endeavoured, and do still endeavour without ceasing, to separate the Princes our Friends from our Interest, and to engage them in our Alliance, or at least to a Neutrality. In fine, our Friends are made useless to us by the Intrigues and Divisions in the Empire, and those of France augmented; so that we are surrounded on all Sides, except by Sea. You see,

Sir, without any Disguise, the true State and Condition to which we are reduced, without the Addition of any thing but what is Matter of Fact. This makes us hope, that, as Your Majesty knows perfectly well our Affairs,

You will agree with us, that our Condition at present is worse than it was during the last War; and worse than if we were actually in War; since they build Forts under the Cannon of our strong Places, and make Lines along our Frontiers; and that we cannot hinder them, as we could do, if we were in War. These Reasons oblige us to put ourselves in a defensive Condition, more than if we were actually attacked; to put our Country under Water, and even to cut our Dikes, to secure our Frontiers: We find ourselves forced to make use of these Means, and whatever else we could have done in an open War; inso much that our Subjects suffer already more than they did in the last War. Hitherto the Winter has been some sort of a small Security to us: That Season is now past, and we do expect every Moment to be invaded and ' over-run, unless we are speedily succoured: We do promise it ourselves from You, Sir; especially since it has pleased Your Majesty to assure us, That Your Parliament bad.taken favourable Resolutions in our behalf; and, as our Necessity is very pressing, so we beseech Your Majesty: to consider well the Extremity we are in; and the Impossibility we areunderof avoiding the Ruin and Overthrow of our State, if we are left in this Condition. Sir, we believe the Interests of England so closely united to ours, that we will expose ourselves to all Events, rather than suffer them to be separated, or to take any other Measures than in Concert with Your Majesty. It is very needless to represent to Your Majesty, That the Preservation of Your own Kingdoms should engage you to prevent our Ruin, seeing we think their Loss is inseparable from ours. The Reasons, Sir, are better known to You SicOrig. ' than

8a Mail

Demand of Succours by Holland.

520 8°

than to us, as well as the fatal Consequences they will be exposed to in leaving us in this Condition; which persuades us, that, by your Majesty's great Prudence, and the good Intentions of your Parliament, You will direct all Things so, as to let Europe see, that nothing is more conducing to its Safety, than the Alliances with England, and Your Friendship Jjor us. We expect without Delay the Succours, and the Performance of the afore-mentioned Treaty; and pray to Cod, Sir, to preserve Your Majesty's Sacred Person in a( long State of Health, and Your Dominions in a flourishing Prosperity. At the Hague, 13th of May 1701.

Your Majesty's very humble Servants,

The States General of the United Provinces,

J. Wickers.

By Order of the States.

J. Fagd.

And a Letter from Mr. Stanhope to Mr. Secretary Hedges was read; which is as folio weth; viz.

Copy of Mr. Stanhope's Letter to Mr. Secretary Hedges, dated at the Hague, the y May 1701.

Sir,

THE Conference, I told you in my last, the States Deputies had invited me to for next Morning, was, to acquaint me in Form with the Count d'AvauF last Memorial, a Copy whereof I then also sent you; and to consider what was fit to be done next. I answered, That was wholly their Business, and not properly mine, further than to serve them, as I should be always ready to do; for, as to all Affairs of the King my Master, I was as much excluded from the Conferences by this Memorial, as by Monsieur d'Avauxs former Answer; and desired it might be read before them: They w ere all of the same Opinion. I proposed then, That it would be convenient to be informed, whether Monsieur d'Axaux understood it in the same Manner; which they approved: And considering of the Manner, it was agreed, The only proper Way for them was, to demand a Conference with him. To that the Pensionary objected, That..... had already one Conference without me: If they should have another, it might ..... Occasion to some ill-minded People to blow it abroad, as if the States were treating something for their own particular Interests, separate from those of England. 1 easily obviated that, by saying, That, as I had represented to his Majesty their former Conference in quite different Colours, as a Product of their great Respect and Veneration of his Majesty, that they would not expose his Minister to Monsieur d'Avauxs Caprices, till they knew from himself how he should be received; and the Conference now proposed would be justified by the same Reasons, since it was designed only for the further clearing of the same Point, as I engaged to inform you that it was. Being satisfied with this, they resolved on a Conference; and, after having had it at Five in the Evening Yesterday, they desired me to meet their Deputies this Morning at Eleven; and delivered me the inclosed Copy of their Resolution, which was the Substance of the Conference on their Part. Monsieur d'Avauxs Answer was; He had no Orders to admit me at the Conferences with them on any other Terms; but, upon their repeated Instances, he would write again to the King his Master for a further Eclair-cissement; though he believed nothing would be altered. I found them in great Apprehensions of some sudden Invasion from the French, by fresh Advices from Flanders of extraordinary Motions of their Troops there; and Letters writ to the Governors of all the Towns, not to be opened till such a Day, and then immediately executed, nil on the same Day; more Forces coming into the Country, and Transports of prodigious Quantities of Cannon, Mortars, Bombs, Ammunition, from several Parts, towards their Frontiers: A*d, for these Reasons, they resolved to write this Post to Monsieur Guiklermalsen, to move his Majesty again for the Succours they expected from England; and desired me to do the same; as I perform, by letting you know it.

Mail. A. 1701.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Message.

Sir Bartholomew Shower, according to Order, reported, Earl of from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up ^rfordii®. Articles of Impeachment against the Lords impeached, peadw the Articles of Impeachment against Edward Earl of Orford; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England\ against Edward Earl of Orford, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for high Crimes and Misdemeanors*

THAT whereas, for many Years past, there hath been a long and expensive War, both by Sea and Land, carried on by his Majesty, and his Allies, against the French King, for the preserving the Balance of Europe, and for preventing the Growth of the immoderate Power of the said French King; towards the Prosecution of which War, great Sums of Money have been given and levied by Authority of Parliament; and many Debts have been contracted, which remain a very heavy Burden upon the People of England; the said Earl being then of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, but always preferring his private Interest to the Good of the Publick, and taking Advantage of the ready Access he had to his Majesty's Person during the Continuance of the said War, in Violation of his Duty and Trust, hath procured from his Majesty One or more Grant or Grants of several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England or Ireland\ or elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, of a great yearly Value, and also of exorbitant Sums of Money, to be made to him, or others in Trust for him, but to his Use; the Profits whereof he now enjoys; whereby the standing Revenues of the Crown of England, which ought to be applied to the Service of the Publick, are greatly diminished, and the People of England thereby burdened with Debts, and subjected to grievous Taxes.

2. That, in Breach of the Trust reposed in him, whilst he was Commander in chief of the Navy ltoyal of England, in or near the Sfreights of Gibraltar, and within the Time aforesaid, he the said Earl did receive great Sum9 of the publick Money, issued out to him for the Service of the Navy, which he hath converted to his own private Use; and unlawfully and unjustly procured a Privy Seal, or Privy Seals, to discharge him from accounting to the Publick for the same; and also hath received other great Sums of Money from his Majesty's Exchequer, as Paymaster or Receiver General of the Navy, without giving a due and legal Account thereof; whereby he hath occasioned great Clamours and Discontents among the Seamen, and others, belonging to his Majesty's Navy; who are thereby reduced to great Miseries and Necessities, for want of their just Dues; to the great Discouragement and Discredit of the publick Service.

3. That he the said Earl, while he was in several Ports, belonging to the King of Spains Dominions, did receive from the said King of Spain, and others, considerable Sums of Money, and great Quantities of Wine, Oil, and other Provisions, for the Fleet, to a very great Value; for all which he ought to have accounted; but the said Earl did convert the same to his own Use, and did either imbezzle those Provisions, or reckon them as bought with the Money allowed for furnishing the Navy with fresh Provisions: And that, for the advancing his own private Interest, and securing himself for rendering any Account to the Publick, he the said Earl, during the said War, procured, enjoyed, and possessed, divers great Offices, which were inconsistent, and in their Nature improper to be executed by one and the same Person, and which ought to be, and, by the Laws and Usages of this Realm, were

13 W. Ill; 8°

and are appointed and designed as Checks one upon the other; in Breach of the said Laws, to the Dishonour of his Majesty, and Prejudice of his People.

4. That the said Earl, within the Time aforesaid, hath clandestinely, contrary to the Law of Nations, sold, and disposed of several Vessels, with their Ladings and Cargo, taken, under Pretence of Prize, by his Majesty's Ships of War, without Condemnation, or judicial Proceeding, and converted the Money to his own Use; well knowing, if they had been condemned, as by Law they ought to have been, One-tenth, after Customs allowed, and One-third Part of the Value thereof, the Customs, and the said Tenth, being deducted, are, by Act of Parliament, appropriated to especial Uses; by which Proceedings the Publick has been greatly endamaged and defrauded, and the Debts of the Nation increased.

5. And whereas Complaints have been made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, where the said Earl at that Time presided, by the Company trading to the East Indies, of divers Piracies committed in the South-east Seas, to the Destruction of their Trade; desiring the y might have Letters of Marque granted to them, whereby to be impowered, though at their own Charge, to suppress such Pirates; but the said Earl, preferring his own Interest, discouraged and rejected their Request and Proposal; and in some short Time after, jointly with others, did procure a Commission for one William Kidd; as likewise a Grant under the Great Seal of England, to and for the Use of him the said Earl, and others of the Ships and Goods of certain Persons therein named, and also of all Goods found on board the said Ships: And the said Company, having Intimation of a Commission granted to the said Kidd, being apprehensive of the ill Consequence of the same, did apply themselves to the said Board of Admiralty, desiring to know what Powers and Instructions were given; but such their reasonable Request was denied; and Kidd, who was known to be a Person of ill Fame and Reputation, ordered to pursue the intended Voyage, in which he did commit divers Piracies and Depredations on the high Seas, being thereto encouraged through the Hopes of being protected by the high Station and Interest of the said Earl; in Violation of the Law of Nations, and the Interruption and Discouragement of the Trade of England.

6. That the said Earl, within the Time aforesaid, when an horrid Conspiracy was discovered against his Majesty's Sacred Person, and the Kingdom was under an Apprehension of an immediate Invasion from France; and divers Ships of War, particularly the Ship Duchess, were armed out, equipped, and manned, in Defence of the Realm, to oppose the intended Invasion, did his utmost Endeavour to prejudice and weaken the Navy Royal of England; for that the said Earl, by colour of his Office, being then First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, without the Privity of the other Commissioners, contrary to his Oath and Duty, and preferring his Hopes of Gain to himself to the Safety of the Publick, did order Captain Steward', Commander of the Ship Duchess, to deliver over, and put on board the said Kidd, mentioned in the foregoing Article, out of the said Ship the Duchess, a great Number of able Seamen, levied and provided at the Expence of the Publick, and then discharging their Duty in Defence of their Country; and against their own Consent; to the Prejudice of the publick Security, and to the endangering of the said Ship the Duchess?, if it had been attacked by the Enemy.

7. That the said Earl, during the said War, and at a Time of the greatest Exigency and Necessity, when Ships, Men, and Money, were wanting to guard the Seas, and protect our Trade, did, by Misrepresentations, and contrary to his bounden Duty, and the Trust reposed in him, procure a Grant, or Order, for his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, then fitted out, manned, and equipped, for the Service of the Publick, to be employed in a private Voyage und Undertaking for the Advantage of himself, and others concerned with him; in pursuance1 whereof, and for their private Gain, the said Ship was, at the ' VOL. 13.

publick Expence, continued in foreign Parts for several Months; to the Destruction and~Loss of his Majesty's Subjects on board the same; to the Weakening the Navy, by rendering the said Ship unserviceable, and the Increasing the Debts of the Publick.

8. That the said Earl, during the Time of his commanding the Navy Royal of England, did, through Neglect and in Contempt of Orders, unnecessarily hazard, and expose to imminent Danger, the Said Navy; and that, during the Time aforesaid, having had many Opportunities of taking or destroying the Ships belonging to the French King, the said Earl, contrary to Advice, in Disobedience to Orders, and in Neglect -of his Duty; did suffer and permit the said Ships to return safe into their own Harbours.

9. That the said Earl, well knowing our Sovereign Lord the King to have been engaged in several Alliances with the Emperor of G^rmanij, and other Princes and States, particularly in a Treaty concluded with his Imperial Majesty, in the Year of our Lord 1689; the End and Intention of all which Leagues and Treaties were, to prevent the Growth of the Power of the French King, and to secure England, and the ancient Allies of England, against the same; did, notwithstanding, in Concert with other false and evil Counsellors, advise our said Sovereign Lord the King, in the Year 1698, to enter into one Treaty for dividing the Monarchy and Dominions of Spaine; in pursuance whereof, in the Year 1609, one other Treaty was entered into, to the like Purpose; by which Treaties, great Injustice was done to the Emperor, an ancient Ally of our said Sovereign Lord the King; and a large Part of the said Spanish Dominions were to be added to the Crown o\ France; both which Treaties were prejudicial to the Interest of the Protestant Religion all over Europe, ruinous to the Trade of England, and dishonourable to our Sovereign Lord the King, and the People of these Kingdoms.

AIL which Crimes and Misdemeanors were committed and done by him the said Earl, against our Sovereign Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity, the Peace and Interest of this Kingdom, and in Breach of the several Trusts reposed in him* the said Earl.

10. And he the said Earl of Or ford was one of the Lords Justices during his Majesty's Absence, beyond the Seas, the First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Navy Royal, and one of his Majesty's Privy Council, and Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, or in some or one of the said Stations, during the Time that all and every the Crimes before set forth were done and committed.

That the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any Time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Earl; and also of replying to his Answers, or to any of them; and of offering Proofs to all the said Premises, or any of them; or any other Impeachment or Accusation that shall be exhibited by them, as the Case shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray and demand, That the said Earl may be put to answer for all and every of the Premises; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be, upon every of them, had and used, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Resolved, That the said Articles be read a Second time* Article by Article.

'And the same were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto, by the House, to be the Articles of Impeachment against the said Earl of Ofjord.

Ordered, That the said Articles of Impeachment be ingrossed.

Resolved, That such Witnesses, as are necessary to be made use of in relation to the said Impeachment, have the Protection of this House during their Attendance upon that Service.

6 R Ordered\

Earl of Orfords Impeachment;

S22

8° — 90 Mail.

Countess of

Agnlesey's

Separation.

Regulating

Elections.

Privilege of Parliament.

Limitation of the Crown.

Committees.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for separating James Lari' of Anglesey from Catharine Countess of Anglesey his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this -House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill'for the preventing Bribery, and other undue Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the ... . House, upon the Bill for preventing any Inconveniency, that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; which lie read in his fclace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where !tf

the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Captain John Clements, Captain William Land TV. Fas by, and Captain David Lambert, on behalf of them- selves, and all other the superannuated Commission and r

Warrant Sea Officers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being grown

old in the Service of their Country, and thereby, and by Loss of Limbs at Sea, and otherwise, disabled for the publick Service, have, according to the usual Course and Usage of the Navy, been allow ed certain Pensions towards the Support of themselves and Families: And praying,

That such their Pensions (which is but a bare Subsistence for themselves and Families) may not be charged, by the Bill now depending in this House, for granting an Aid to

his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Veneris, 9° die Mali;

130 Willieltni, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

Resumption A PETITION of the Vicars of Pool', Guilfield, and of Grants. Myvodin the County of Montgomery, and of St,

Chad's and St. Marys in the Town of Shrewsbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his present Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, having, by their Letters Patents, granted to Trustees, for the Use of the Petitioners, the Benefit of a certain Lease of the Appropriate Tythes of the said Parishes of Pool, Guils-field, Myvod, and Buttington, in the said County of Montgomery; which Lease was held, by the Marquis of Powys, of the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church; and was, upon his Lordship's Attainder, forfeited to their Majesties: And praying, That this House will except the said Grant out of the Bill of Re-assumption, now lying before this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sal« of Lands Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to in South whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An ic en am. ^ct for vesting and.settling certain Manors and Lands

in South Pickenham, and other Places, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies, arising by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such and the same Uses, as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Fawconers Sir Richard Cox reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to" John Fawconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, w as committed, That they had heard the Counsel for Edmund Faw-

coner (whose Petition was referred to them); and that he

had not made good the Allegations of his Petition; and

A Petition of Captain John Wimptmy was presented to Half pay. the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner served in Major General Ed's Regiment in Ireland\ and afterwards in Flanders: And praying, That he may be admitted into the List of Half-pay with the rest of the Officers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay be made.

A Bill to enable the Sale of some Parts of the Estate Mullock's of Rawlin Mullock Esquire, deceased, for discharging &ute. the Monies, Debts, and Charges thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Isaac Re how, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Gwynne, Al\\ Williams, Mr. Hammond. Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Robert Havers, Swill Him Coriton, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. T/wrnhagh,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pitt, Mr. England, Mr. King, Mr. Gorge, Sir John Kay, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Rigby; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of George Cockram Gentleman, and others, Ditto, on behalf of themselves, and several other Purchasers of the Tythes of Collumpton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whereas a Bill hath been brought into this Honourable House to enable Rawlin Matlock, Cousin of Rawlin Mullock Esquire, deceased, to sell some Part of his Estate, for discharging the Monies, Debts, and Charges, thereon:

That the said Rawlin Matlock, deceased, by his Deeds of the 4th and 5th of June, 3° Jacobi 2di, vested Part of his Estate, particularly the Sheafe of Collumpton, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts mentioned in a Schedule thereunto annexed; upon which a Decree in Chancery w*as had for Sale of such Estates; and the Petitioners purchased under such Decree,* and paid the Purchase-money: But the said Rawlin Mallock being indebted to the King, by Bond, at the Time of his Death, an Extent was brought against the said Estate; and the Pe-tioners were forced to bring their Bill in Chancery, for an Injunction to stay the same; and the Cause lies now ready for Hearing; That the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced, if the said Mallock shall be at Liberty to extend any' of the said Debt, due to the King, upon the Lands so purchased: And praying that some Provision

13 W. III.

may be made in the said Bill, that the Petitioners may not be prejudiced by any Assignment over of his Majesty's Title to the said Mallock, or any in Trust for him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Bottler have Leave to go

e. into the Country for a . Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Leigh have Leave to go into the Country, his Wife being very ill.

;e — A Petition of John Perks, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for being guilty of indirect Practices in relation s for to the Election of uilliam Coatesworth Esquire, a Membe r a for Great Grimsby, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Fault, and hedging Pardon for the same: And praying to be released from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Perks be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

5S of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ;y's for separating James Earl of Anglesey from Catherine Uon- Countess of Anglesey his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Earl of Anglesey (wrhich lies upon the Table) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Earl and Countess of Anglesey be heard, if they think fit, by their Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti-

s' tuled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read Tomorrow Morning.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against Eduard s Ira- Earl of Orford were read.

ient* Ordered. That the said Articles of Impeachment be

carried up to the Lords.

Ordered, That Colonel Byerly do carry up the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords; and that he do also demand, That the Earl of Orford do give sufficient Security to abide the Judgment of the House of Lords.

5^s

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Kings Mes-Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Message Yes- con* terday: And the same; and the Letter from the States sulered> General to his Majesty; and also the Letter from Mr.

Stanhope to Mr. Secretary Hedges; were again read.

Resolved, Nemine contradieentc, That this House will Resolution* effectually assist his Majesty to support his Allies in Kin^i^in maintaining the Liberties of Europe; and will imihe- po^fng hul> diately provide Succours for the States General, accord- Allies, ing to the Treaty of the Third of March One thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be presented to his Majesty by the whole IIuuse.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address fofr Majesty, That he will please to give Order, That an Estimate. Estimate he laid before this House of the Charge of the Succours for the States General, according to the Treaty of the Third of March One thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, That thfe Counsel for the Creditors ph Persons, who advanced, and paid in to his Majesty's Coal ^uties. Exchequer, the Sum of Five hundred and Sixty-foitr thousand Seven hundred Pounds, upon the Credit of the Act for laying Duties upon Coals and Culm attended;

They were called in; and heard, according to Order, at the Bar, upon their Petition.

And then they withdrew'.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be reiened to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will; upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax. House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Gari-sons, for one Year; and for other necessary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

90 Mali.

I. — Mr Speaker acquainted the House, That William Ady, °e"s against whom a Proclamation was issued.for his being apprehended, had Yesterday surrendered himself into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killiow Esquire; and for raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his Father's Will; without any Amendments: Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Humphrey Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Byerly, reported, That he had, according to ion^ ®rc*er> carried up to the Lords the Articles of Impeachment against the Earl of Orford; and had demanded, That the said Earl do give sufficient Security to abide the Judgment of the House of Lords.

Vol. 13.

A Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace wras, accord- Justices of ing to Order, read a Second time. Peixs Qua-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Earl of location. Dysert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Cook, Mr. St.

John, Mr Lawson, Mr. Hammond, Sit Edward Seymour,

Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Charles Btoys,

Sir John Phillips, Mr. Rowny, Mr. How, Mr. Taylor,

Mr. Butler, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Stonehoase, Mr.

Markcs, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wort ley, Mr.

Jjowndes, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mannaton, Mr. Thymie, Mr.

Gape, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Will. Hickman,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Monckton, Sir Francis Child,

Mr. Goreing, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Byrch, Mr Jolly, Sir Rice Rudd, Sir Christopher Musgrove, Mr. King, Mr. Bertie:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision therein for Wales.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

io° Mali.

Deane's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Mallock's

Estate.

Stanley's

Estate.

West Kirby Poor Estate.

Vaughan's

Marriage

Articles.

5H

Sabbati, 10° die Mail;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ABILL for Sale of the Estate* of James Deane; and for securing the Monies raised thereby for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Cornbury, Mr. Thornaugh, Mr. St one house, Mr. Bulkier/, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Offley, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Buck nail, Sir Edward Norris, Mr. Wild, Sir Henry Banbury, Sir Rowland Givynne, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pope, Mr. England, Mr. Ptndarvis, Mr. Harley, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Trenchant, Mr Renda, Mr Conyers, Mr. Rey-ner, Mr. Cross, Mr Lake, Colonel Cranford, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Batch, Sir Humphrey Machcorth, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Gulston; and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, Southampton, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered That Sir Richard Vyvian have Leave to go into the Country* upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Richard Sydenham Gentleman, and Grace his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Henry Cary, Father of the Petitioner Grace, was, in King Charles the First's Time, seised, in Fee, of divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in divers Counties in the West of England: That, by his Services for the said King, he did not only incur great Debts, but hazard his Life, for the Preservation whereof he was forced to fly into foreign Parts; but, before he left this Kingdom, he conveyed a great Part of his Estate to one Roger Mallopk Esquire, upon Trust, for Payment of his Debts, and provide for his Children; and, to protect the other Part from being forfeited, he lodged the same in the said Malloclzs Hands, under colour of a Mortgage: That the Petitioners find, that a Bill is brought into this House, for Sale of all, or the greatest Part, of the said Estates come to the Hands of the said JMallock: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass, till they are restored to such Part of the said Estates as they have a Right to; and have their just Demands satisfied out of the other Part thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Colonel Stanley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Sir Thomas Stanley Baronet to charge his Estate with the Sum of Three thousand Pounds: And the same was received.

Sir Henry Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennet, late of Nezv-toncum Larton, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West-Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Barnet, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

P. 3. L. 12. after the Word "said," leave out " Descendantsand, instead thereof, insert " Descendant."

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Vaughan Esquire, and Frances Vaughan his intended Wife, being both under

A. 1701,

the Age of One-and-twenty Ye&rs, to perform Articles made for their Marriage, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable William Vaughan Esquire, and Frances Vaughan his intended Wife, being both under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to perform Articles made for their Marriage.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwynne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

A Petition of Dame Mary Dillon was presented to the Ditto.! u‘‘ House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill, lately passed the House of Lords, for dissolving the

Marriage of the Petitioner and her Husband Sir John s

Dillon: That the Petitioner, not having had any Subsistence from her said Husband for these Five Years and an Half, is reduced to great Want; so that she has not Money for Counsel and Solicitor to make her just Defence before this House, concerning the passing of the said Bill: And praying, That she may be heard by her Counsel; and that Sir John Dillon may be ordered to deposit such a Sum of Money with the Petitioners Solicitor, as may be thought proper to enable her make her just Defence against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Abiw* Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to' give Order for an Estimate of the Charge of the Succours for the States General, according to the Treaty of the Third of March One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven, to be laid before this House; his Majesty had given Orders for the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Long have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions; Abseua.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- m,* tituled, An Act for transferring a Trust in Lands belong- TrustLa ing to the City of London, unto new Trustees, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

John Perks was, according to Order, brought to the Privilege-Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand A Pen:® from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Perks be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir John Bolls, according to Order, reported, from the LimiuiiJ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for thetbe(:rwj further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, was commilted, tlte Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and then delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Anothef Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause for no Officers to be Members of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into Westminster-hall, and the Court of Request, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

And the Question being put, That the Clause stand Part of the Bill j

It

13 W. III. I o'" Man. 525

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in th Clause relating to the Judges, to leave out " either House " of Parliament;" and to insert " both HousesAnd the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made for the leaving out the whole Clause so amended;

And the Question being put, That the Clause stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ap. Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his is to be Majesty had been pleased to appoint this House to attend ided. him this Afternoon at Four a Clock, at Kensington.

hfield Sir Rowland Gwymie, according to Order, reported,

tion. from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the City of Litclifield, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Humphrey Wyrley Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Richard Dyott Esquire; and also upon the Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph Baronet, complaining of an undue Return of William Walmsley Esquire; to serve for the City of Litchfield:

That the First Thing controverted before the Committee, was, the Right of Election; And Litchjieldbeing anciently a Borough, and now, and for a long lime past, a City and County, it was insisted for the Petitioner Mr. Wyrley> That the Right of Election was under a threefold Capacity; viz.. In such as held by Burgage Tenure: In such as were Freeholders of 40 s. a Year; And in such as were Freemen, not receiving Alms. As to the first Two Qualifications, they were agreed by the Sitting Member's Counsel: But, as to the Third, it was by them restrained to such Freemen as did pay Scotland Lot.

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Captain DyoU 176.

Mr. Wyrley 167.

But the said Mr. Wyrley s Counsel insisted, That they should take off so many from the Sitting Member's Poll, and add others to theirs, that would give them a Majority; and also should insist upon several indirect Practices by the Sitting Member.

But the First Thing the y applied themselves to, was the Point of Right; and particularly to the Qualification of paying Scotland Lot by Freemen: And for that they called several Witnesses; viz.

John Matlock; who had known Litchfield 20 Years;

John Lamb; who had known Elections there 25 Years:

William Frogatt; who remembered 3 Elections:

George Harding; who had known Litchfield 30 Years;

By w'hose Evidence it appeared, That such who did not pay Scotland Lot, had all along, according to their Observations, voted in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; And Matlock said, That in St, Marys Parish, where was the fewest Poor, some Houses of 5 /. or 6 /. a Year did not pay to the Poors Rate; and they named several that did not pay, and had voted; and said, They never knew any refused till this Election.

That the Sitting Member s Counsel, as to this Point, called several Witnesses; viz.

James Hammond; who had known Litchfield 40 Years f And

Richard Wakefield\ the Town Clerk; who had known Litchfield 30 Years:

Who said, That though 'it was true, that such as did not pay Scotland Lot, had been polled; yet there bad been several times Q's put upon them: And said, At this Election, such as did not pay, were excepted to, as well

Vol. 13.

by the Petitioner as the Sitting Member: And the Books w. re called on both Sides; and such as did not pay, were struck out.

That it did not appear, That the Right of Election for this City had been ever settled in Parliament: And the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bailiff, Magistrates, Freeholders of 40 s. a Year, and all that hold by Burgage Tenure, have a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Litchfield.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Freemen only of the said City, as are inrolled, and pay Scot 'and Lot, have also a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens te-serve in Parliament for the said City of Litchfield.

That the Petitioner's Counsel then proceeded to give an Account of several, who, they alleged, had a Right to vote, and would have voted, for the Petitioner, and were refused: Apd they first proceeded on the Head of the Freeholders: And called several Witnesses: John Lambe said, That Rcmembra?we Ashford would have voted for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley; and was refused: And that he had a Freehold of 50s. a Year, being Part of a House; hut it had been divided for some time:

That John Lees would have voted for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley; and has a Freehold in 2 Houses of about 565. a Year; and has been Owner of it d or 7 Years; and w'as refused:

That Thomas Martyn]or\\ov would have voted for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley; and has a Freehold of about; 50 s. a Year; and his Father has voted for it; but it had never been let: And that these Three would- have all sworn to their several Freeholds:

That Edward Merry w ould have voted for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley; and was refused.

John Matlock said, That Rdzvard Merry held Two Houses for Three Lives, worth about4/. a Year:

That Dr. Bincks a Canon, Mr. Kimberley, and Mr. G ret ton, would have voted for Mr. Wyrley ansi Mr. Walmeslv; and were refused.

Mr. Chandler said, That there was a common Estate belonging to the Church, of about 33/. a Year, divided amongst Five; whereof Dr. Bincks, and Mr. Kimberley were Two: But, however, it was acknowledged, That they refused to swear; but said, The Deannas admitted without it.

Matlocke said, Dr. Bincks and Mr. Kimberley's Prede* cessors had voted; and particularly Mr. Hutchins and Mr. Comyns:

That as to Mr. Gretton it was agreed, That he had a Freehold; but it was as he was a Trustee, with others, for a Charity. And

Mr. Matlock, said, That Nicolas Coron the last Election before this, had voted for the same Freehold he had now-in Possession; and was then sworn; and would, at this Election, have sworn again, and voted for Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrley; and yet was refused: And that Mr. John Bayly earned himself partially: And, if any Persons declared themselves for Mr- Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley, he would cry, Down with them; down with them* Lambe said, That Christopher Holmes had a House in Litchfield of 5/. a Year; and was never denied, but once, before this; and has also an Acre of Land worth 20 /.; and wfould, at this Election, have voted for Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrley: But, however, it was acknowledged. That there was a Mortgage on the House for 30 /,; and he did wear a Cap and Coat given to poor Men:

That Henry Jennings hasa Freehold of about4/. aYear; and would have voted for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Wllmesley; and was refused; But the Witness believed he had a Cap and a Coat.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give an Account of several Freemen, that, they insisted, had a Right to vote, and would have polled for the Petitioner; and were refused.

6S And

10° Man.

Litchfield

Kiwclion.

*A. inO

r And to First Person they would have added ‘to their Poll was 'Charles Gee Taylor; who w as inrolled in the old Book of the Taylors Company: But he was objected to by the Sitting Members Counsel; they insisting, That ttone were intitled to vote, but only such as were inrolled in the new Book.

And as to that it did appear, That the Company of Taylors had their By-laws according to the Statute in that Case allowed, and approved by the Justices of Assize l8° EH&.) and had kept a Book, wherein the Freemen of that Company were entered, which is called the old Bocfk: And that, 3d May, 9* of the present King, there was, upon the Petition of the Taylors, a new Regulation and Constitution of the said Company, by the Corporation of the City of Litchfield; and thereupon they made another Book for the inrolling the Names of the Freemen of the said Company: And, upon producing, as well the Instrument by which the By-laws were approved by the Justices of Assize, as aforesaid, and the new Constitution which was made by the Corporation of the City of Litchfield; and hearing what was alleged by the Counsel on both Sides; the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Freemen of the Taylors Company, as are inrolled in the old Book of the Constitutions of the Taylors Company, in the City of Litchfield, have not a Right to vote in the Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Freemen only of the Taylors Company, as are inrolled in the new Book of Constitutions of the Taylors Company, in the City of Litchfield, have a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give an Account of other Persons that w ere qualified to ' vote, and were refused: And

John Stubbs said, That Richard Stubbs had an Annuity of 14 /. a Year for his Life, being a Rent-clmrge.

John Lambx Cha. Howard., said, That William Baggaley is a Freeman, and is charged 4 d. to the Church, and 4 d. to the Poor, at Taimtvrth; but his Landlady was, by Contract, to pay the Poors Rate for him.

Lambe said, That Samuel Emery had a Burgage-house, which his Father lived in; and is now upon the Burgage Jury.

Lambe and Frogat said, That Richard Markland has tdso a Burgage-house; and that both would have voted lor Mr. IVyrley.

Mr. Henry Rothbonc said, That Mr. Wyrly desired to poll for himself; Sir Michael Biddulph, and Mr. Dyoty having polled for each other: But it was acknowledged, That the said Mr. IVyrley had before given a single Vote for Mr. Walmesley; and some Persons had polled between his voting for Mr. Walmesley, and the Time of his desiring to vote for himself.

That the next Thing the Petitioners Counsel proceeded on, was, to take oft' from the Sitting Member Mr, Dyot's Poll.

Henry Rothbonc said, his Brother Edmund Rothbone had surrendered his Freehold Estate to him, and accepted a Bond for Payment of a certain Sum for his Life; and he produced a Lease granted to hiinself; but he allowed his Brother Edmund to take Part of the Profits of the Estate: As to Tho. Sprat, a Surrender by him was produced to the Committee:

That there was also produced a Lease to Richard Deane for 21 Years:

That there was also produced a Lease for 40 Years to John Bruiton; which Mr. Lambe said, w>as by Assignment come to Gem'ge Piymmer: But these Four Persons did, at the time of the Poll, swear they had Freeholds.

Lambe said, That William Luinators House was worth but 28s. or 30s. a Year:

1 That Tho. Denstohs House w as worth about 30 s. a Year.

That it was agreed that Tlio. Gollarcl, Ralph Spencer; Won. Hincle, Samuel Emeiy senior, were Taylors, and not inrolled in the new Book: But the Sitting Members Counsel alleged they were Freeholders.

Matlock said, That John Blake did not pay to the Rate, and was poor; though it was acknowledged he was a Serjeant of the Tow n;

That Joseph Charles senior, Thomas Ashmolcy Henri) Hill, and Thomas Mason, do not pay to Church and Poor, but Charles was the Gaoler.

That the Counsel also excepted to Mr. Dyot, as polling for himself:

That it Avas allowed, That Richard Harvey did not pay to Church and Poor:

Frogat said, That Joseph Burton does not pay to the Church; but he does pay to the Poor:

That William Silencer pays to the Church, and not to the Poor.

The next Head of Objection to the Sitting Member's Poll, was, that of Inmates: And,

Frogat said, That Thomas Barnett t and Ralph Wright were no Housekeepers, and paid to neither Rate.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel' proceeded to -give an Account of indirect Practices by the Sitting Member and the Magistrates.

Geo. Harding said, That there was some Discoursed the Corporation, That the Mayor should vote as the major Part agreed: And

Harding and John Stubbs said, That, "before the Election, the Sheriff going along the Street, a Neighbour saying to him, That if he did Justice, he must return Mr. IVyrley and Mr. Walmesley; the Sheriff' answered, No, but One; or they might have One of them.

Sir Tho. Lawley said, That the Sheriff* was very partial in this Election, browbeating and keeping down Mr. Wyrleys Party, and countenancing Mr. Dyotfs in a violent Manner, and in changing his Place

That, some Freeholders, w>ho would have sworn, were rejected; and some were helped up, who were for Mr. Dyott \ and some pushed down, who polled afterward} for Mr. Wyrley: And

Mr. Matlock said, the Sheriff acted partially; and that Thomas Matlin came, with some Cover for a Blemish he had on his Face, and offered to swear; hut Mr. JVdc-feild said, He would not swear any one in a Mask: And that Captain Dyott acted as a Justice of the Peace, and committed John Acton upon common Fame, as having been convicted of Horse-stealing; and made his Escape, 14 Years ago.

Frogatt said, That those who would vote for Mr. lfi/r-ley and Mr. Walmesley were more strictly examined as to their Freeholds, and asked for their Deeds: Whereas several on the other Side were not asked for their Deeds; but only, if they would swear they had 40 s. a Year.

H. Rothbone said, That Henry Jennings and Chr. Holmes were refused their Votes for the Petitioner, though they offered to swear.

John Sharpe said, That about 7 or 8 Days before the Election, Mr. Monsley and Mr. Dyot, and others, came to him, and asked him for his Vote; but he told them, He had promised it: Whereupon Mr. Dyot bid him be as good as his Word; but he said, Monsley beckoned him to the Coach, and told him, If he would vote for Captain Dyoty it might be as good as 40/. in his Way in the keeping him off Offices.

Cha. Howard said, That Mr. Monsley the Under-bailiff asked him to vote for Mr. Dyott; and told him, It was his best Way; for he should be excused the Duties of the Town; and, if ha did not, he should he chose Over-iseer of the Poor.

Matlocke was called to prove, that Mr. Dyott was chose Senior Bailiff the Day before the former Senior Bailiffs Year expired; but the same was admitted.

Mabell Acton said, That Mr. Dyott and Mr. Wakefeitd had been at her House, to ask her Husband s Vote for Mr. Dyott; but she told them, Her Husband had disposed of his Vote; whereupon Mr. Dyott said, It should

.....be

13 W. III. i o" Mali:

52?

be the worse for him: And Mr. Dyott came the next Day again, and she made him the same Answer; whereupon Air. Dyot told her, He would fling her Husband into

Gaol:

' That Benjamin Lamb was asked for his Vote; who answered* He had disposed of it: To which it w>as replied, If he would not go along with the Corporation, he would he turned out of his House: And that JVakefdld asked for her Husband, and said, There was a Charge against him for breaking Ruthin Gaol; and, says he, This he has got by voting: And that, on the Election-day, her Husband coining to vote, Mr. Dyott did commit her Husband to Litchfeild Gaol, for Suspicion of breaking the Gaol of Ruthin, after Conviction for Horse-stealing; though her Husband had lived in Litchfeild 21 Years, and had voted for Sir Mich. Biddulph and ftlr. Dyott last Election: And she further said, That Mr. Monsky had caused her to be whipt, for taking some of his Peas, she being with Child, and longing for them, though the Peas w ere not worth above 2 d. and she would have paid 1 o s. for them; and that, by reason of such Whipping, she miscarried soon after.

As to Threats;

Oliver Gennett said, That the Bailiffs Monsley and Gamble, because he voted against the Corporation, said, He should not continue his Standing, linless he would pay 12 d. a Day, whereas before, he paid but 3 tf. a Quarter; and they pulled down his Stall, after the Election, he voting otherwise.

William Nightingale said, That Captain Dyot, and the rest of the Corporation, came to their House Tw*o Days after Christmas, and asked his Father for his Vote; but he w ould not promise them: And, Two Days after, Mr. Hacker arrested him, and told him, if he would have voted as the Corporation would have had him, that would not have happened: And Mr. Wakefeild laid an Action upon him at Wrialis Suit, whereby he was prevented from voting.

Henry Vernon said, That my Lord Stanhope sent for him by his Servant; and accordingly he went to him: And my Lord asked him for his Vote; but he said, He had been engaged for Two Months: He said, That he had a Son, who had the Misfortune to shoot a Man, and absconded: And my Lord said, If he would vote for Mr. Dyott, he would write a Letter to the Prosecutor, that he was not in the Country: And that my Lord afterwards sent again; and my Lord's Man told bim, If he did not, he should repent as long as he lived; but, the next Day, my Lord sent Word, He would not have his Vote, if he would give it.

Win. Woolley, Tallow-chandler, said, That Mr. Spencct told him, That, if he would vote for Sir Mich. Biddulph and Mr. Dyot, he would engage my Lord Stanhope s and Sir Michael Biddulph'& Custom for him; and said, He should be reduced, on the Rate, from 4^/. to 2d. to the Poor; but Mr. Dyott told him, If he had promised, he could not desire his Vote.

Thomas Barber said, That Mr. Dyot said, about Three Weeks or a Month before the Election, That Mr. Raw-lorhe the Postmaster had been violent against him; and he had taken aw ay his Employment in the Excise, and he would take away the Post Office from him: However, Barber acknow ledged, That lie was to have the Profit of the Office so long as he was Tenant in the House; and there had been some Discourse of Mr. Dyots and others Letters 1 laving been opened and detained.

Oliver Jennetts said, That he came into Company w here w ere some Countrymen, and Sir Michael Biddulph, and Mr. Dyot; and they had Ale, and he drank several times, and did not pay; neither could he tell who paid the Reckoning.

John ilothbone said, He was at a Publick-house in Christmas Holidays, w here were my Lord Stanhope, Mr. Dyot, and others; and they all drank 3 s. 6 d. whereof my Lord Stanhope spent Half a Crown, and Mr. Wake-fcild, 1 s.: And one of them said, If he would not vote for Mr. Dyott, they w ould fine him, upon an Information, for calling Sir Michael Biddulph Names; an$ afterwards . VOL/13.

Sir Michael Biddulph brought an Action against him for Litchfield 5,000 L Damages; and Vernon, Sir Michael Biddulph's E!ect:<00-Man, said, His Master would ruin him.

John Smith said, That he was at Thomas Webb's the.

Monday before the Election: And John Martin came, and said, He treated that Night: And one Hughes asked his Vote for Sir Mich. Biddulph and Mi\ Dyott; and said, He would cross him Haif a Crown out of his Book:

And Mr. Speller said, He might come to his Shop with Money or without.

Tabitha Eagle said, That Mr. Bourne, of the Corporation, asked her Father's Vote for Sir Mich. Biddulph and Mr. Dyott; and said, If he would give them his Vote, he would abate them 20$. of his Rent: And, the Thursday before the Election, Mr. Dyot and Mr. Bourne threatened to take away his Ground.

John Hairis said, That Mr. Dyott of London, and Mr,

Hinton, gave him each of them 1 s.; and Mr. Hinton promised him 10 s. more next Morning, to Vote for Mr.

Dyot; but he did not go for it: That he intended to have voted for Mr. Dyott; but Mr, Dyott refused his Vote, he not paying to Church and Poor.

Mabel Acton said, That my Lord Stanhope asked Obadiah Couperins Vote; and told him, If he would be for Sir Mich. Biddulph and Mr. Dyott, he would maintain him, and be should never w'antas long as he lived.

John Pretty said, That he had promised Mr. Grimley his Vote for Mr. Walmesley; and w as very uneasj', because he never had voted against Sir Mich. Biddulph: That, afterwards, Mr. Russell, my Lord Stanhopes Steward, came to him, and told him, My Lord desired his Vote for Mr. Dyott: And he told Mr. Russell, He could do no less, because his Tenter was upon my Lord's Ground; and that, after he had voted, my Lord's Steward gave him an Acquittance for 17$. without paying any Money; but the said Pretty said, There w as no Promise previous to his Vote.

That Mr. Grimley, to induce him to vote for Mrs Walmesley, said, It should be the best Day's Work that ever he made; and Mr. Walmesley w as a charitable Man:

And the said Mr. Grimley said, He believed he coul<J procure him 40 s.: And Mr. Weale sent to him, to tell him, That, if he did not vote as he did, he would trouble him for the Money he owed him.

Thomas Barber, said, He heard one Quinborough say.

That Parker was indebted to him; and that he had pro* mised to forgive him the Debt, if he would vote for Mr,

Dyott and S\c Michael Biddulph; but could not say whether the Words were spoken before or after the Election.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel first applied themselves to speak to those whom the Petitioner would have added to his Poll.

James Hammond said, That Remembrance Ashford lives with his Father, and his Father voted: But Lambe said, His Father had made a Lease to Remembrance for Life:

That John Jjees his Estate is not worth above 30 s. a Year:

That Edward Merry would have voted, and was refused, though it w'as owned he had Two Houses of about 3 /. a Year, but his Father had some Part of it; and would have voted as a Taylor, though not in the new Book.

Mr. Monsley, Mr. Wakefeildy said, That Tho. Martin had but 3 Acres; they are worth but 10 s. an Acre:

That the Answer to Dr. Bincks and Mr. Kimberley was, They w ould have voted as Freeholders; and woulcf not swear.

Mr. Wakefeild said, That Mr. Gretton was only a Trustee, and received but 20 s. a Year for his Trouble; and that Mr. Wakefeildy and others, as Tenants in Possession, paid the Rent to Gretton, and others, as Trustees:

That Nicholas Coxotis Freehold Estate w as not worth above 8 s. or 9 s. per Annum:

That Chr. Holmes is reputed a Fool; and begs every Day; and lives with his Mother.

John Knight said. There was a Contract with Richard Stubbs, That he shpuld have a certain Sum of Money

paid

Litchfield

Election*

16°

paid him for leaving off his TVade; butrio Land‘bound -for it, he having heard the Contract read.

Mr. Farmer said, That William Baggaley was % common Beggar, put into she Levy, as some others, to serve tiTurn. a;

Mr. Wakefeld said, That Samuel Emery tiad a House* ‘but it was mortgaged, and the Mortgagee was in Possession.

Mr. Bayly said, That Richard Markland has Half a Burgage; but was poor, and has received a Cap and Coat, though not last Year; and he has collected for his Wife, upon her Lying-in.

Mr. Wakefeld said, That Richard Markland had received Finney's Charity in 99.

That, as to Mr. Wyrley, the Answer was, That he 'did not offer to vote for himself, when he gave his First Vote.

That the next thing the Petitioners Counsel applied themselves to, was, to justify their own Votes:

That the Answer to the Evidence given against Edmund Rothbone, Thomas Sprot, Richard Deane, and George Planner, was, That they had sworn to their Freeholds:

That there was no Answer to Win. Lynnator.

Mr. Waixefeld said, That Tho. Denston was sworn to his Freehold.

Ra. Spencer said, That Thomas GoUard had a Freehold in Two Houses, of 3 /. a Year.

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Monsley, said, That Ralph Spencer had a Freehold Estate; but they could not tell the Value:

That the Answer to John Blake and Jos. Charles was, That they were excused from paying to the Rate as Officers, and not in respect of their Poverty.

Hammond said, That Thomas Mason paid to the Church:

That Henry Hill paid to the Church and Poor last Year.

Mr. HammondMr. Wakefeld, That Richard Harvey and Joseph Burton pay to the Church:

That William Spencer pays to the Church and Poor.

Mr. Wakefeld said, That Thomas Bennet pays Scotland Lot.

Mr. Hammond said, That there was no Rate made since Ralph Wright was out of his Time; but he was reckoned to be worth 3 or 400 /.

Mr. Monsley said, That Oliver Jennet is a sponging Fellow, and will force himself into Company, and not pay: And that the Lord Stanhope is a generous Man, and sometimes will pay Half a Crown when others pay but 2 d. and that they paid 2 d. apiece towards Wakefeld's Shilling.

Mr. Marsh all said, That Mabel I Acton was ordered to be whipt, by Mr. Monsley, for stealing of Corn, which was supposed to be near the Value of 20s. and it was very gently; and that she had been whipt before privately, upon Suspicion of stealing a Watch out of Spratt's Pocket.

Mr. Wakcfeilds&id, That the Warrant against Acton was made out, before the Election, upon Mr. Bailiff Gamble's asserting, That he had been convicted of stealing his Horse, and broke Gaol the Day of his Execution; Mr. Bailiff Gamble being unwilling to act in his own Cause.

Thomas Sissleby said, That John Bird\ Humphrey Byrd, Theophilus Spencer, and Thomas Milner, had received Church Bread the last Year.

Mr. Wakefeld said, That lie believes John Lambe has a Freehold; but he voted as a Freeman, and does not pay to the Rate:

That John Mozgill, William Bateman, John Burton, William Fleming, Robert Hartill, Edward Shakespeare, Thomas Morgan, Edward Wood, George WTolley, Richard Won'all, Ralph Barber, were Freemen, and did not pay to the Rate; but William Bateman, Edward Shakespeare, Thomas Morgan, Edward Wood, Geo. Woolley and Richard Worratl, were Journeymen:

That Samuel Motgitt and Rickard Stubbs were put into the Poors Rate; but were so poor, the Parish agreed to put them out; yet would officiously pay a little before the

Mail .'^.1701.

Election: And that Thomas Osbotnc and Henry Osborne, though they were in the Rate, did not pay.

As to Bribes, and indirect Practices, the Sitting Member's Counsel called several Witnesses:

Bennett said, That Mr. Walmesley desired his Vote for Mr. Wyrley; and that Mr. Walmesley, about 12 Months ago, sent a Letter by him to Mr. Harding, the Parson of Newcastle; the Contents of which, as the Carrier told him, were, That the said Carrier should threaten the said Bennett to put him out of his Employment, if he did not vote for himself: And Mr. Wyrly and Mr. Walmesley declared, If lie would vote for them, he would procure their Markets to be free from Tolls and Arrests; And said, He had given 200l. in Two Years for poor Tradesmen; but he supposed it was out of the Commutation-money, because, he said, he could not afford it out of his own Estate.

Cary said, About the Middle of December, Mr. Walmesley desired his Vote for himself and Mr. Wyrley; and said. That Mr. Walmesley told him, He had been kind, and given 200 /. to poor Tradesmen; and, if the City would choose them, he would make the Markets free from Tolls and Arrests; And that Mr. Walmesley declared, It was in his Power to distribute 200l. a Year among them, if they would oblige him.

Ralph Spencer said. That, 6th of January, at a publick Meeting of the Taylors Company, Mr. Walmesley declared, If they would choose him and Mr. Wyrley, he w'ould endeavour to make their Markets free from Arrests and Tolls.

John Bond said, That Mr. Walmesley, on Christmas Night, offered him, if he would vote for Mr. Wyrley, he would give 2, 3, 4, or 5 /.; but he owned he received no Money; and that he declared this Matter in Court, at the Election; and they called him Turn-coat Rascal, he offering to vote for Mr. Dyot and Sir Mich. Biddulph:

That, before the Election, he worked with Simon Twy* ford as a Taylor; and* because he did not vote for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley, he was turned off.

Thomas Sissilby said, That, about 9 Days before the Election, Mr. Walmesley came to him, and asked him for his Vote for Mx. Wyrley and himself: That he denied Mr. Walmesley his Vole; whereupon Mr. Walmesley offered him 3 Things.

1st, That he would place his Trade in a Sea-port Town.

2d, Because he had said, He had Thoughts not to vote at all, in regard of the Heats in the Town, and so it might he a Damage to him; Mr. Walmesley told him, If he lost 5 £ by it, lie would give it him.

3dly, That he had lent several Persons 5 /. to oblige them to vote for himself and Mr. Wyi'ley; and if he would give them his Vote, he would do the like for him.

John Knight said, That Mr. Walmesley sent for him, and asked his Vote for himself and Mr. Wyrley: And that the said Knight telling Mr. Walmesley he had promised Mr. Dyot; and it might be a Damage to him to vote against Mr. Dyott, in regard that Mr. Dyott might make him build a Wall, he having then the Advantage of Mr. Hyatt's Wall, as a Partition-wall; Mr. Walmesley told him, He would build the Wall at his own Charge; and ordered him to bespeak Bricks, which accordingly lie did; and that he believed the Wall might cost 40 or 50s.: And that the said Knight saying, He was afraid he should be raised in the Parish Rates; Mr. Walmesley told him, What Charge he was at, he would pay him again; saying, John, Dost think that I, who have distributed so many 100 L can't make good thy Loss

Mr. Lambe denied, that Mr. Walmesley made Knight any Promise to build the Wall.

That, for the Petitioner Mr. Wyrley, by way of Reply, the Counsel called,

Lambe: Who said, His Son was a Freeholder in Litchfeild, of above 40 s. a Year; and had swore and voted as such in 3 Polls.

Mr. Chandler said, That he was present in Court when Bond charged Mr. Walmesley with offering him 2, 3,

or

13 W. III. io°

or 5 /.: And, being asked where it was, and who was by, he contradicted himself.

Lambesaid, That he was at Mr. Walmesley*; and John Knight came in, and said, He could not be for Mr. Walmesley, because Mr. Dyott had threatened to turn a Spout; and threatened to throw down the Timber off his House, which was fixed upon Mr. Dyott'* Wall; and he said, That the Charge would be 50 s.; but, when the said Lambe saw it, he told him, That it might be done for 30 3.: The said Lambe acknowledged, That Mr. Walmesley desired him to go down, to see what Damages it w'ould be.

John Smith said, That John Knight ow ned he had promised to be for Mr. Walmesley and Mr. JVyrlcy; but said, He would turn for his Interest: And that, being at the George about the Beginning of Christmas Holidays, Bond said, They put upon him as if he had had Money of Mr. Walmesley, but he never had any.

John Gee gave the like Account of what Bond said: And said further, That Mr. Walmesley neither gave nor offered him any Money.

Frogat said, That Sissilby was but of indifferent Reputation, and robs Fish ponds.

And that upon this Evidence, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Dyott Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfeild.

That then the Committee proceeded upon the Petition of Sir Mich. Biddulph, complaining of an undue Return of William Walmesley Esquire to serve for the City of Litchfeild.

That the First Thing the Petitioner's Counsel applied themselves to, was, to prove indirect Practices by Mr. Walmesley I And, for that, they examined several Witnesses; particularly Thomas Bennet, IVm. Cary, John Bond, Tho. Sissilby and John Knight; who had been before examined on the Part of Mr. Dyott: And they gave their Evidence to the Effect before set forth.

The Counsel for Sir Mich. Biddulph also examined, as to indirect Practices, some new Witnesses:

Thomas Rachjord said, That Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrley, about Christmas, came to a Neighbour's House, and sent for him, and some Neighbours, to drink Ale with them; and that they asked them for their Votes: And Mr. IVabnesley told them, That, if they would send Mr. Wyrley and him up, he would make their Markets free from Tolls arid Arrests: And

Mat hero Smith said, That Mr. Walmesley asked him his Votes: And he told him, He could not promise him both, but he owred Mr. Russell, upon Mortgage, 18/.: To which Walmesley replied, That signified nothing; for his Brother Mr. Ryder, or any body else, might take the Mortgage: Whereupon he shewed Mr. Ryder the Writings: And he said, He would do it; but, however, he drove it off till the Election was over, and then Air. Russell arrested him for the Debt; He said, Mr. Russell, before, had asked him to be for Mr. Dyott and Sir Mich. Biddulph; and said, He would be kind to him.

Hen. Hill said, That he hearing Mr. IVabnesley used to give away Money, lie desired Mr. Bakercell to speak to Mr. Walmesley on his Behalf: And the said Hill went, before Michaelmas, to Mr. Walmesley, w ho did not then ask him for any Vote; but the said Hill, of himself, told Mr. Walmesley, If there w as occasion, he w ould give him a Vote; and afterwards Mr. Walmesley gave him a Guinea, which Mr. Wabnesley owned at the Election: That Peter Tompkins, the Day after Christmas Day, met him, and told him, If he would vote for his Master and Mr. Wyrley, he would engage they should give him 10/.; And that Lambe told him, If he would vote for Mr. Walmesley, he should have a Paritor s Place: And that Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrley, the Night before the Election, bid him go to Nightingales, and he should be treated, and accordingly he did go and drink there.

John Clewleys said. That, about 15 Days before VOL. 13.

Mali. 529

Christmas, Mr. Walmesley sent for hito, and desirpd his Vote; and said, He would be kind to him: That, having Occasion for 30s. Mr. Walmesley lent it him, taking , a Note under his Hand; and at the same time asked him for his Vote; but he had promised Mr. Walmesley his Vote before he lent him the 30s.

That, in Christmas Holidays, being under an Arrest, Mr. Tompkins said, He would- tell his Master and Mr. Walmesley of it: And afterwards Mr. Hans brought him .17s. and set him at Liberty; for the Repayment of which 17,?. Clezvley gave him a Note.

JVm. Hicks said, That one Night he was at Mr Walmesley s House; and Mr. Walmesley desired his Vote-; which Hicks said he should have, if he would give him a Paritor 9 Place: And Mr. Walmesley said he w ould do it: And Hicks said, That he did vote for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley, but had riot the Place.

Hugh Moncaster said, That he w as at the Sxvan, where Mr. Walmesley set up his Horses; and there were some Birmingham Men, some of which had Votes, w ho staid there Two Days: And that he told Mr. Davis, Mr, Wyrley s Clerk, what the Reckoning came to: Who said. It was not well done of them, to leave any thing to pay; because they had Money to come: And he also said, there were several Persons treated at the time of the Election; viz. Edward Carteret and George Horse, by Peter Tompkins; and John Hi neks, who was treated by Mr. Wyrley: And that Martlock bid him say nothing about the Election, but what the said Martlock could answer above.

James Hammond said, Mr. Wyrley, about 12 Months ago, sent an Ox, with 12d. apiece to drink: And that Cotterell said, He must vote for Mr. Walmesley, because he had lent him 10/.; but could not say when the Money was lent.

Richard Qitinborne said, That Parker ow ed him 6s. and one Mr. Hardings who made an Interest for Mr. Wabnesley and Mr. Wyrley paid it; and said, He had paid Debts for this Person, to the Value of Thirty Pound: And that a Gentleman met Lambe, and speaking of the Election, asked him, Why the old ones w^ould not serve: To which Lambe answered, That Mr. Walmesley had been very kind; and himself had distributed near 100l. for him.

Samuel Kitnell said, lie had a Son, who lived with Mr, Heathcote, who desired his Vote for Mr. Wyrley and Mr. Walmesley; which he not being willing to do, Mr. Heathcote stilt his Son Home: That he voted for Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrley, and Mr. Heathcote took his Son again: That he would have voted for Mr. Dyott and Mr. Walmesley, but on Account of his Son.

Mr. Williatn Baker said, Mr. Chandler brought him a Letter from Mr. Walmesley: And, the said Mr. Baker being Divinity Lecturer at Litchfeild, Mr. Chandler told him, That Mr. IValmcsUy had observed something, with relation to him, against the Act of Uniformity; and, if he would not vote for Mr. Wyrley, as well as himself, he would turn him out of his Place.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner would then have proceeded to prove themselves a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll; but, there being nothing leading to that in the Petition, the Committee were of Opinion not to hear Evidence to that Matter.

That then the Sitting Member Mr. Walmesley s Counsel were heard, by way of Answer to the aforesaid Evidence: And called several Witnesses;

John Gee said, That in Christmas Holidays, be met John Bond; who said, They had raised a scandalous Report, That Mr. Walmesley had given him Money; but he declared, Mr. Walmesley never.had given or offered him any; and that lie was free to vote for w hom he pleased.

Mr. Chandler gave the same Account of what Bond said at the Election, as he had given before on the behalf of Mr. IVyrley; And

Lambe testified to the same Effect as before, in relation to the Evidence given by John Knight.

6 T ' John

JJ tdi field lilCwfcion.

Litchfield

Election.

_ O

IO —

53°

John Gee said, That he met with Hill in the Hall; who told him, He had declared, That he would vote for Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrky\ but, he said, his Circumstances were low; and he \vas threatened, and hired to vote on the other Side; but he did not say by whom.

Harding said, He asked Hill, Why he would not be for Mr. Walmesley and Mr. Wyrley, according to his Promise: And Hill said, He could not do it; for the other Side would lay him in Gaol,

Tho. Green said, That Hill told him, He was to come up to London, and the Corporation was to bear his Charges; and he was to have 5 /. more, but did not name of whom.

Wm. Nightingale said, That on Christmas Day, he and Hill went to Mr. Walmesley s, and Hill promised Mr. Walmesley his Vote; but afterwards told him, He fcould not be for Mr. Walmesley, for Mr. Monsky would sue him.

John Smith gave the same Evidence in relation to John Knight, as he had given before on the behalf of Mr.

Wyrley.

Benedict Lant said, That, a Week before last Christmas and a W'eek before Easter was Twelve Months, he distributed Two Five Pounds for Mr. Walmesley, and he Was directed to give it to whom he thought fit, so they were not Beggars, but poor Housekeepers; and that John and Michael Lamb had the same Orders for distributing other Money: And, of those that Lant gave to, there was 8 that voted for Mr. Dyot, and Sir Mich. Biddulph, and but that voted for them; and he did give to several that had no Votes; and that he believed the Whole Vvas distributed to 250 People.

That the Committee, upon this Evidence, came to Uiese Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Wdlmesley Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfeild.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Michael Biddulph Baronet is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

Litchfeild.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

i 66.

Tellers for the Noes,[ JJr; ] 123.

So it passed in the Negative.

The First and Second Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That such Freemen of the Taylor's Company, as are inrolled in the old Book of the Constitutions of the Taylors Company, in the City of Litchfeild, have not a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f ] 134.

Teller* fnr the Mne* f Sir 0w 6, 1 ellers for the i\ oes,£ Walpole: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fourth and Fifth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Resolution being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned;

Mail

A.

1701.

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

X —

TellmforlheNoe,^;^ . } 86.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report; and also the making the other Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, which were to have bfeen made this Day; be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation and Piwata Increase of the Timber of this Kingdom be read upon of T,lub{r. Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Preserve ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Re^ioD Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Translation of Bishops from one See to another.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 12° die Maii j 13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

ABI L L for the better Preservation and Increase of the Timber of this Kingdom was, according to of TmUr. Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace and Grand Register^ Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at ConveJs Pontefract, for the West Riding of the County of York, the Twenty-ninth Day of April, Anno Domini One thousand Seven hundred and One, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the West Riding of the County of York is the principal Place in the North for the Cloth Manufacture; and many that trade therein are Freeholders, and have frequent Occasions to borrow Money; but, for want of a Register, find it difficult to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Lenders: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the public Registering of all Conveyances, Mortgages, and other Securities, hereafter to be made, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any Person that shall voluntarily register the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Fairfax, and Sir John Kaye, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Edxcard Drew Archdeacon of Cornwall\ MJhds Jasper Rat cliffe Esquire, Sarah Davy> Margaret Pollard, Esute. and other Creditors, as also the Executors of the last Will of Rawlin Mallock, late of Cockington, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whereas a Bill hath been brought into this Honourable House, to enable Rawlin Mallock, deceased to sell some Part of his Estate, for discharging the Monies, Debts, and Charges thereupon; That Rawlin Mai-lock, of Cockington, became bound to his Majesty, for Roger Mallock, Father of Rawlin Mallock, in whose behalf this Bill was brought in, for his true accounting with his Majesty, in his Office of Collector of the Excise:

And the said Roger became indebted to his Majesty; whereby all the Estate of the said Rawlin Mallock, of Cockington, became liable to the Payment of the said Debt; after which, the said Rawlin Mallock gave all his Estate, by Will, to the now Rawlin, his Cousin; who

bath

13 W. III. ii° Mali 531

hath lately made an Agreement for the Assignment of his Meyestys Title to the said Debt, which is to be paid off by Money arising from the Lands to be sold by this Bill; and the Petitioners may be greatly prejudiced, if the said liaxvlin Matlock shall be at Liberty to extend any of the said Debt upon the Lands liable to the Debts of the Petitioners, which are not already sufficient to pay the Petitioners Debts, and Charges thereupon: And praying, That, after the Payment of his Majesty's Debt, some Provision may be made in the said Bill, that the Petitioners may not be prejudiced by any Assignment over of his Majesty's Title to the said Raw tin Mullock.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred tQ the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

ic of A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Ministers, and Prolore. prietors of Tythe-ore, being Inhabitants in or near the Mineral Parts of the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Bill now* depending before this Honourable House, for preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the Tythe of Lead-ore, within the County of Derby; it is recited, That there is a Custom in the said County for the Payment of the Tythe of Lead-ore to the several Owners of Rectories, Parsons, Vicars, or other Proprietors of Tythes, in the said County; a"bd the same hath been owned and acknowledged by the Owners of Lead Mines there, and confirmed and decreed in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, and by Verdicts at Common Law: That the Petitioners are highly sensible of the Truth of the Premises, in regard several of them have received it themselves: And praying, That the Petitioners for the said Bill may have such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought fit, for the quiet Establishment of them, and their Successors, in that ancient Right, which their Predecessors were formerly invested with.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

to. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other Inha-

bitants, of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the Bill now depending in this House, for preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the Tythe of Lead-ore, within the County of Derby', it is suggested, That the said Tythe of Lead-ore hath been, of Right, paid in the Parishes throughout the whole County; and hath been acknowledged by the Miners, and established and confirmed by Verdicts at Law, and Decrees in Chancery and Excliequer: That the Petitioners, with humble Submission beg Leave to inform the House, That the Suitors for the said Bill have Notoriously misinformed this Honourable House in Matters of Fact; for that, in many Parishes of the said County, where Lead-ore hath been gotten beyond the Memory of Man, there was never any Tythe paid for the same; and, in other Parishes, where Tythe hath been paid, the same has been a Peny a Dish, and no more: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, for the Reasons aforesaid; or that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the same;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee* to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Dame Elizabeth Herne, Widow and Re- Herne's Wilt, lift of Sir Joseph Herne deceased, and of Sarah, Mary, and Alice her Daughters, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill brought into this House, upon the Petition of Frederick Herne Esquire, for establishing a Writing, purporting to be the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Herne, in Opposition to a former Will: And it is suggested, That ail Parties concerned do consent to the said Writing to be the Will: That the Petitioners are very much concerned in the said Sir Joseph Herne's Estate, as well by reason of Agreement on his Marriage, as otherwise: And praying, That she may be heard, in relation to the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be. referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LondonTnm for transferring a Trust in Lands, belonging to the City Lunds, of London, unto new Trustees, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley,

Mr. Fuck nail, Sir Francis Child, Sir Rowland Gwyntte,

Mr. Herne, Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir William Ashurst, Sir John Phillips, Sir Robert Dovers, ^lr.Rigby, Mr. Thompson, Mw.Shacker/y, Mr. England, Sir Robert Clayton,

Mr, Clayton, Mr. Pelham, Sir Philip Sydenham, Mr.

Mou ns t ere ns, Sir John Fleet, Lord Fairfax, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir William Yorke, Mr. WMe, Sir John Kaye>

Sir Given Buckingham, Mr. Gwyh, Mr. Thomas Harley,.

Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Cook, Sir Robert Beddingfcit'd: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, every Morning at publirk Eleven a Clock, enter on publick Business. Business.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a privilege of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pre- Parliament, venting any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Leveson Gower took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Leveson Gower reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for-erecting and making a Hallifd* Corj>oraUon within the Town of Hallffax; and for the Pour, better Relief and Government of the Poor there; be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Blathwait acquainted the House, That his Majesty Succours to had been pleased to direct him to lay before this House ail HulLucl. Estimate of the Charge of the Succours for the Stales General, according to the Treaty of the Third of March One thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven; And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Titl$ thereof was read; and the Estimate is as follows; viz.

VOL. 13.

An

12° Mail.

ToMs on

Aliena

Goods.

S3*

A 1701.

An Estimate of the Charge of Succours for the States General, according to the Treaty of the 3d of March 167

GENERAL OFFICERS.

Lieutenant General - - - - L -

2 Majors General, each 2/. - - ± -

2 Brigadiers, each 1/. 10$. -

Quartermaster General 10 s. and an Assistant 55.

4 Aids de Camp, each 10s. - - - > - -

2 Majors of Brigade, each 10 s. - -

Clerk to the Paymaster - -

Secretary or Clerk to the Lieutenant General -Chaplain to the Lieutenant General «- - -

Physician - - - - A - -

Surgeon General ——

Provost Marshal, and Men, each 2 s. 6d, -

Waggon Master ——

4-3

O

S'

a

oi

O

FIELD and STAFF OFFICERS* t One Regiment.

Colonel, as Colonel

Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel - -

Major as Major ——

Chaplain - -

Adjutant -.....-

Quartermaster ——

Surgeon, 4 s. and \ Mate, 2 s. 6 d> ——

Captain -

Lieutenant -Ensign -2 Serjeants, each 18 d.

2 Corporals, each 12 d.

2 Drummers, each 12 </. -60 Private Soldiers, each 8 d.

11 Companies more at the like Rates

One Company.

Total for One Regiment

The Charge of H Regiments more, at the like Rates and Numbers

Total for the 12 Regiments

For Contingencies -Levy Money and Arms -

per Diem per Annum.

jr. s. d. £ 1

4 0 0 1,460 0 0

4 0 0 1,460 0 0

3 0 0 1 >095 0 0

0 15 0 273 15 0

2 0 0 !73° 0 0

10 0 365 0 0

0 5 6 100 7 6

0 10 0 182 io o

060 109 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 15 0 273 15 0

030 54 15 0

17 14 6 6,469 12 6

0 12 0 to <42> O O

070 127 15 0

050 9i 5 0

068 121 13 4

040 73 0 0

040 73 0 0

066 118 12 6

252 824 5 10

080 146 0 0

040 73 0 0

030 54 15 0

030 54 15 0

0 2 0 36 10 0

0 2 0 36 io 0

2 0 0 730 0 0

3 2 0 1*131 10 0

34 2 0 12,446 10 0

39 9 2 14,402 5 10

434 0 i0 J58,425 4 2

473 JO 0 172,82710 0

000 15.370 0 0

000

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House was informed, That one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended, to present a Petition to the House:

And he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by Prescription, and several ancient Charters, confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, well intitled to certain Tolls or Duties for Goods of Aliens imported and exported to and from this City, called ScaVage, Package, Balliage, and Portage; which Duties have been, Time out of Mind, paid to the Petitioners, and their Predecessors: That, if the Bill, now depending before this House, for naturalizing several Aliens, who are Merchants and Traders in this City, should pass, they w ill lessen the said Duties: That they are a considerable Part of the Petitioners Revenue; and are appropriated, by Act of Parliament, as a Security towards Payment of 8,000l. per Annum to the Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City: And praying, That they may be beard,

0

by Counsel, touching the Premises; and that their Right to the said Duties may be saved to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic until the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Auguste Pynyot, and others, be read.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shire, and other Land Tax Members of the House, do, upon Friday Morning next, bring into the Committee of the whole House, to whom S10ner* the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards and Garisons, for One Year $ and for other necessary Occasions; is committed;

Lists of the Commissioners for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties and Places, for which there used to be Commissioners.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he, with the Answer t« House, did attend his Majesty upon Saturday last; and Minion, presented to his Majesty their Resolutions of Friday last:

And that thereupon his Majesty w as pleased to give the gracious Answer following; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you My hearty Thanks for the ready Assurances you give Me of providing immediate Succours for the States General; and for the Zeal you express for the

common

13 W. III. 14 — tJ'Man. 533

ifeild

uod.

land

is.

Id

e.

common Cause: I know nothing that dan be more effectual for its Support, both at home and abroad, than the unanimous Concurrence, which you have shewed upon this Occasion: And it will be a particular Satisfaction to Me, in my Time, to revive the Glory, which the English Nation has formerly had, of maintaining the Liberty and Balance of Europe.

A Motion being made, a^.d the Question being put, That the House do now proceed upon the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Litchfeild; and to the receiving the other Reports from the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for tire Yea.,fZ7&Hkimm:} l27'

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report, and the making the said other Reports, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Earl of Dysert, Mr. Bere, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Pagii, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Stringer, Sir Barth. Shower, Mn Harcourt, Sir Samuel Geirard, Mr. Dimock, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Balsh, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. How, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Cholmly, Mr Masters, Mr. Bridges, Mr. G Wynne, Mr. Winnington, Mr. White, Mr. Owen, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Thynn, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Wm. Bridges, Sir Wm. Cordon, Sir Thcoph. Oglethorp, Mr. Duke, Mr. Soames, Mr. Pendar-vis, Mr. Lownds, Sir Henry Liddall, Mr. Halsey; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and to sit de die in diem: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Accounts of Grants in the Duchy of Lancaster be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the said Committee, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to receive Proposals for raising Money for paying off the publick Debts, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House , will please to reqeive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers have Leave to make a Motion to the House, it being near live a Clock.

Upon which, he made a Complaint to the House, That there are great Quantities of Wood, and young Oaks, in his Majesty's Chace of Enfeild, now cutting dowm; to the great Prejudice of the Publick.

Ordered, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give immediate Direction for the putting a Stop to the felling any more-Woods, or young Oaks, in the said Chace.

Ordaxd, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire, by what Methods or Means the said YVaste and Destruction in Enfeild Chace is made:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Leve-son Gower, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Thorold, Sir Godfrey Coply, Sir William Strickland, Mr* Palmes, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Clerke, Sir Edward Turner % Doctor Davenant, Mr. Lawson, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Rider, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rozvland Gwynnt, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Lownds, Mr. Cotton, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Chetuynd, Sir Henry Bellassis, Mr., Lake, Sir Francis Massam, Sir William Ihistler, Sir Charles Hotham, Sir Arthur Owen, Colonel Granville, Vol. 13.

Martis, 13° die Mail 1 13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

SI R John Leveson Gower, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to repoit to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto 'by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Litchfeild:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Resolution, That William Walmesly Esquire is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfeild.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

T*-, for a* Yeas,[& %

Tellers for the Noes,* Mr. passed in the Negative.

) 98,

"3-

Sir RowlandGwynne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee upon the Re commitment, touching the Election for the Borough of Hin-don, in the County of Wilts; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Re-commitment of the Matter, reported to the House, upon the Petition of George Morley Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Reynold Calthorp Esquire to serve for the Borough of Hindon:

That the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, That they had a Majority of Votes, which w ay soever the Right of Election should be determined; However, they alleged the Right to be in the Burgators holding of Sir Matth. Andrews, who holds by a Lease from the Bishop of Winchester: 6 U And

Privilege of Parliament.

Litchfeild

Election.

Hindon

Election*

534

r 3 ® Mali. A. 1701,

Hindbn

Election.

And they produced several Indentures of Return, which gave the Name of Burgators to the Electors; viz. t66o. 3 Car 13 Car? II.

29 Car' IL

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member insisted, That the Right of Election was in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants not receiving Alms; and alleged, That Burgators, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of a Borough, were synonymous Terms:

And insisted on the Returns mentioned in the former Report; viz.

2 and 3 PA. 8$ M.

1 Eliz.

43 Eliz.: Which were by Bailiffs and Burgesses. Besides these Returns, several Witnesses were produced on both Sides; viz. For the Petitioner, James Feilds and Jacob Gould: Who said, they had heard* That former Elections had been by the Burgators; but they could not deny, but the Practice, for their Times, had been, That the Inhabitants not receiving Alms had, voted: And Robert Gar rat, Thomas Giles, and Walter Hickes, who had been acquainted with many Elections, being examined on the behalf of the Sitting Member, did testify, That the several Elections, which they had been acquainted with, were by the Inhabitants not receiving Alms: Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough not receiving Alms.

That the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to make out their Majority of Votes; And, first, they said, They would, add Four to their Poll: And called Wm. Pis tell: Who said. That Henry Forward would have voted for Sir James How and Mr. Morley; and that he keeps a Shop within the Borough, and pays Scotland Lot; and has Two or Three Apprentices and Journeymen: However, it was acknowleged, That he boarded with his Father; who voted:

That Joseph Lambe would have voted for Sir James How. and Mr. Morley; and that he has a House of his own; and rents Two Burgages; and does all Duties: However, it was acknowleged, That he boarded at his Father's.

Win. Pistell and Ja. Gould said, That Tobias Powell keeps a Hbuae of Entertainment in the Borough: That fiis Sou lives in Part of the House; yet the House had been divided Two or Three Years; and there had been Two Votes for the same before the Father came to live there.

Richard Street said, That Augustine Gatehouse would have voted for Mr. Morley; and was a Joiner; and lived ima House by himself, and had done so for a Year.

That the next Thing was, to take off from the Sitting Member's Poll.

Wm. Pistell said, That John Hews lived with his Son; who maintained him:

That Henry Harbin rents Part of an House of one Andrews; but Andrews was refused:

That Robert Pitman lives with his Father-in-law, as an Hostler:

That Gabriel Edwards has had a Family in Town for Seven or Eight Years; but himself is commonly abroad as a Tapster; and is now at Mere.

James Feild said, That. Humphrys and Henry Stephens live in One House; so that but One of their Votes ought to be allowed:

That Francis Smith went out of the Town by Certificate:

That Richard Stevens lives with his Brother, Mid came down just at the Election:

That Jam. Sherlock came down but Two or Three Days before the Election; and is no Housekeeper, but a Journeyman Shoemaker:

That William Stevens and Roger Waterman are on the Poors Book for Alms.

That then the Petitioner proceeded to take off several from the Sitting Member's Poll, on Account of Bribery.

Henry Hill said, That Mr. Burlington, Mr. Hicks, and Mr. Stevens made an Interest for Mr. Calthorpe; and that the said Henry Hill, Richard Hill, William Chiverill, Nic. Dotvly, Ben. Chelsey, John Wyei\ James Stevens; Antony Lambe, Edward Hazard, Fra. Ranger, and John Chiverelly were asked to vote for Mr. Calthorpe, and received 2 s. apiece; but several of them voted as w ell for Mr. Morley as Mr. Calthorpe.

Roger Sherrington said, That he received 20 s. of Mr. Burlington; who, at the same time, desired him to give Mr. Calthorpe a good Word at the Cross, being the Place of the Election.

Roger Sherrington junior said, *That Freeke and Bur* lington came to him, and told him, Mr. Calthorpe sent him 20s. and desired his good Word at the Cross: He voted for Mr. Calthorpe and Mr. Morley:

That Roger Farthingy John Lawrence, and Wdston Hellyery acknowleged they had received the like.

Matthew Keeble said, That he voted for Mr. Calthorpe and Mr. Morley; and received the like Sum of 2or. of Freeke and Burlington:

That Mr. Burlington asked the said Keeble, Why he did not see Mr. Calthorpe; the said Keeble told Mr. tingion, That he bad drawn a Hogshead of Beer; which Mr. Cahhorpe had promised to pay for; but had not: Whereupon Mr. Burlington told him, he should be paid for it in some Time; but he could not spare Money at present, for he had laid out 70/.:

That John Huddon acknowleged he had received 20^ of Mr. Calthorpe Money.

Jacob Gould said, That John Tyly had made the like Acknowlegement,

Field said, That Rynald Bolls voted for Mr. Calthorpe; and acknowleged he had received 20 s. of Mr. Calthorp'* Money a little before the Election; and had received before 5 /. and was to have 40 s. a Year as long as he voted for Mr. Colt harp:

That William Andrews also acknowleged, That be had received 20s.

Richard Street said, That John Harding voted for Sir James How and Mr. Calthorp: And he owned, That he had received 205. from George Stevens and Walter Hicks; and that George Stevens was an Agent for Mr. Calthorpe.

William Wogar said, Mr. Burlington made an Interest for Mir. Calthorpe5 and that Mr. Burlington told him, He had broughtThreescore and Ten Pounds from Salisbury in Gold, which was to be distributed amongst Mr. Calthorfi Friends.

That the Petitioner did also insist upon some other Matters; and, first, of the Partiality of the Bailiff:

To which Sam. Powell, Wm. Pistell, Richard Street, and Henry Hill, were called as Witnesses:

The Substance of whose Evidence was, That Mr. Morley, after the Poll was cast up, demanded of the Bailiff a Scrutiny; which the Bailiff refused: And Mr. Calthorpe desired the Bailiff to declare for him; and pulled the Bailiff by the Arm, and took the Bailiff away from the Cross with him.

Francis Pistell said, That Mr. Calthorp desired his Vote, and told him, If he had any Place of Profit, be it 50ol or more or less, he would give it to the Borough.

Wm. Obon said, That Mr. Morley was invited to stand by several of the Town; and he was sent to him upon that Account.

That, as to the Four Persons that the Petitioner would add to his Poll; the Sitting Member's Counsel called,

Nic. Gilbert: Who said, That Henry Forward and Joseph Lambe lived in Houses with their Fathers; wha voted:

That Tobias Powell lives with his Son; who voted.

Geo. Stevens said, That Augustine Gatehouse pretended to live in a House a Day or Two before the Election, and

13 W. III. 13°

would have lett it a Week, after the Election; and that he House M as not glazed, nor any Bed in it:

And he said, It was agreed, That the Right of the Voters should be decided as they came to vote.

That, as to the io that the Petitioner would take off from the Sitting Member's Poll, the Sitting Member's Counsel called,

Randy UHughes: Who said, That John Hughes was fe Housekeeper, and had been so 40 Years:

That Henry Harbin is an Inhabitant, and an Exciseman; but it was acknowledged, That Thomas Andrews lives at one End of the House:

That Robert Pitman lives in a divided House; but there have been Tw o Votes for the House several Years.

Walter Hicks said, That Robert Pitman lives in a Part of a House divided for 30 Years; and which always has had Two Votes.

John Youttg said, That Gabn id Edwards has been a Housekeeper in Hindon 10 Years, though he was at Alert as a Drawer, at the time of the Election.

That Francis Smith is an Husbandman, and lives in a House of his own:

That Richard Stevens has a distinct Family, and there used to be Two Votes for the House he lives in.

Sam. Norton, as to Richard Stevens, gave the same Account:

That Jeremy Sherlock is an Inhabitant, and has an Estate in the Borough, after the Death of his Mother: And John Young said. That Sherlock paid him the Land Tax the last Year.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel endeavoured to add Two to their Poll; viz. John Gilbert and Mat-thezv Lovell: And called,

Geo. Stevens and Robert Gerard: Who said. That John Gilbert would have voted for Mr. Calthorpe; but was denied, as an Inmate: And that he has a distinct Apartment, and Family, and has borne Offices.

John Young said, That Matthew Lovell would have voted for Mr. Calthorpe and is an Inhabitant; but he was under Age.

That the next Thing the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded on, was, to take from the Petitioner's Poll. That the Counsel observed, That it was proved before, That Samuel Powell bad a Vote.

George Stevens said, That Anthony Purchase and William Gillum had received Alms, as appears by the Overseers Book of Disbursements.

That, as to the Matter of demanding a Scrutiny, the Sitting Member's Counsel called several Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Edw. Slade, Mr. Hughes, Nic. G liberty and Wool laston Hilyard: The Substance of whose Evidence was. That they were present at the time of taking the Poll; That it was agreed, That the Right of the Voters should be determined, before they were put down; and accordingly the same was put in Practice: And that, though they were near Mr. Morley, they did not hear him demand a Scrutiny, till the Bailiff was gone from the Cross: And Mr. Hughes said. That all the Q's, except Two* were determined as they came to vote.

That then the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded to give an Account of indirect Practices by the Petitioner: And called,

John Tyley: Who said, That Samuel Powell did endeavour to get Voices for Mr. Morley on the Election-day in the Morning; and he gave him a Guinea, and 19*. out of which he returned 6d. to vote for Mr. Morley, otherwise he would have voted for him: And that Mrs. Street made Voices for Mr. Morley; and offered him a Gold Ring, that was then in Pawn, if he would vote for Mr. Morley; and that he had drank Beer, and Cyder, and Brandy, several times, and did not pay.

William Wyer said. That Two Days before the Election, he was at the George; and after Dinner, Farmer Harbin sent for him, and Farmer Sangon was with him: Who, when he came, asked his Vote for Mr. Morley; and told him, If Mr. Moi'ley did win the Day, he should have Vox. 13.

Mail ' 535

40*.; and if he lost he should have 20s.: That, after Hindon the Election was over, the said Wyer went to Sangon, who Election, gave him 5 s.; and told him, When all was over, he should have the rest: And that Farmer Sangon told him.

If he would not go to London, he would give him Half a Crown, and bear his Charges while he was out of the Way: And that he eat and drank at Edwards, and Oban paid for it

Sarah Burkett said, That after the Election, she met Henry Hill in Westminster-hall; and she asking him, Who was elected, the said Hill answered, That Mr. Calthorpe and Sir James How had it; but he hoped Mr. Calthorpe would not continue in the House, for he was for them that would give him most Money; and Mr. Morley had \ been very liberal.

Thomas Gyles said, That he received 40 s. of Sam.

Powell for his Vote for Mr. Morley, otherwise he would have voted for Sir James How and Mr. Calthorpe: And that he drank Gooseberry Wine on the Election-day in the Morning, without paying.

Randyll Hughes said, He was present when William Harding asked John Becket for his Vote for Mr. Morley, and told him, That if Mr. Morley carried it, he should have 40X; and if he lost it, he should have 20 s.

Samuel Lawton said, He received a Guinea, and voted for Mr. Morley, or otherwise he would not have voted for him: And that he had drunk before the Election that Week, and did not pay for it: And that Sunday 13 April after Dinner, he was sent for to Mrs. Street's; and sb£ told him, If he would keep Counsel, he might have a new Coat.

John Young said, That James Morley declared, That Mr. Morley had offered him a Treat to be for him, or otherwise he would have been for Mr. Calthoipc.

Richard Marsham and William Wyer said, That Wm. Harding 4th Jan. proffered to pay him 40 s. if he would vote for Mr. Morley, and Mr. Morley carried it; otherwise he should have 20 s. but he had received no Money.

That the next Thing the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded on, was, Treating by the Petitioner:

And, for that, they called Three Witnesses; viz.

Margaret Waterman, Sarah Frith, and Robert Edwards, The Nature of whose Evidence was as follows:

Mr. Morley, when he was in the Country, had his Lodgings, and kept a Table, at Mr. Mackrowe's House, and had Five or Six Dishes of Meat a Day for his Dinner; and when the Dishes came from Mr. Morley s Table; several of the Voters did, on Saturday and Sunday before the Election, and on Monday the Election-day, come into the Kitchen, and eat and drank; at which Time and Place Sarah Frith was a Servant

The Nature of the Evidence of Margaret Waterman was, That she was a Servant at Jacob Gold's, the Lambe in Hindon, where Mr. Morley s Servants and Horses were lodged and kept; and several of the Voters came and drank with the Servants, which Reckonings were put to Mr. Morley s Account, which Mr. Morley paid; and both of them together spake to the Number of about 27 of the Voters, which eat or drank at one or both of those Places: And

Robert Edtcards said, That William Oban ordered him to draw Beer, the Reckoning whereof came to 3 /. wanting Half a Crown, which was drank by Mr. Morley s Friends; and he named about Six Persons that had drank of it.

Edwards said, He was not paid the Money: And that Oben would have had carried half his Bill to Mr. Calthorpe; for, said he, there was no Reason Mr. Morley should pay all.

Mr. Edward Pitman gave an Account, That Mr. Cal-tho)pe came down to Salisbury about a Week' before the Election; and Mr. Calthorpe and Mr. Burlington were at his House: And that Mr. Burlington telling Mr. Calthorpe, He had given Money, Mr. Calthorpe was very angry: And that Mr. Burlington owned, He had distributed the Money without Mr. Calthorj?s Direction.

liindon

Election.

Bishop's

Castle

Election.

5 3 6 130 Maii. A. 1701.

Mr.Woodford and Mr. John Toils gave Account of Several charitable Acts done by Mr. Calthorpe, both at the Town where he live?, and several other Places: Particularly Mr. Woodjord said, That Mr* Calthorpe had for Ten Years distributed Money in his Parish, and in other Parishes.

That the Petitioriers Counsel, by way of Reply, called,

Mr. Pistell; Who said, That John Tyley, when he was coming to London, acknowledged* That he had a Coat and Money, to be a Witness against Mr. Morley.

Ja. Field said, That John Tyley was at his House drinking, and talking of the Election: And Tyley said, He never had received any Money of Mr. Morley, nor could do him any Hurt.

Mrs. Street said, That John Tyley came to borrow 40$. of her, but she did not lend it; and afterwards he went to Samuel Powell's the Election-day in the Morning, who lent him 40s. as Powell delared, of his ow n Money; and Powell called her to be a W itness of it.

James Feild and Samuel Powell said, That William Wyer declared, He never received a Farthing of Money of any body to vote for Mr. Morley; but, right or wrong, he would do Mr. Morley s Business, because he endeavoured to take away his Vote.

Ja. Gculd said, That Thomas Gyles, the Monday before Shrove Tuesday, declared, he had never received Money on Mr. Morley's Account; and wrould not say it for all the World.

Richard Street said, That Thomas Gyles declared, He could not live in Peace for George Stevens; for he would have him go and testify Money, when he had none.

Feild said. He was discoursing with Norton; and Feild declared, He never received any Money of Mr. Morley.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is*the Opinion of this Committee, That Reyna Us Calthorpe Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of liindon, in the County of Wills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Morley Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of liindon.

The Two First Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That George Morley Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of liindon;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of liindon, in the County of Wilts, by rasing out the Name of Reynolds Calthorpe Esquire, and inserting, instead thereof, the Name of George Morley Esquire.

Sir‘Rowland Cwynne, according to Order, also reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the Mouse; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s 1 able: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Wm. Brown!owe, complaining of an undue Election of Charles Mason Esquire to serve for the Borough of Bishop's Castle; and also upon the Petition of Sir Gilbert Gerard Baronet, complaining of an undue Election of George Walcott Esquire; to serve for the said Borough:

That the First Petition in Time was, that of Sir William Brownlowe against Charles Mason Esquire.

On the Poll, there was,

For Charles Mason Esquire, 38.

For Sir Wm. Brownlozve, 34.

But the Petitioner s Counsel insisted, That the Sitting Member Mr. Mason had been guilty of Bribery in several Instances.

Edward Minton said, That Mr. Mason told him, He would give him Five Guineas, if he would swear on a Bible not to discover it: And that Mr. Mathews, Mr. Mason's Brother-in-law, came to him on Christmas Eve and asked him for his Vote; and that, Minton telling Mr. Mathews he had promised one, Mr. Mathews would have engaged him for his other Vote; and offered him 5/.; and that, afterwards, Mr. Matt hexes gave him Six Guineas, Five of which were upon the Account of Mr. Mason, and One on the Account of Sir Gilbert Gerrard; and at the 9ame time Mr. Mathews asked Minton for a Note for the Money, saying, He must give Mr. Mason an Account of it: And Minton further said, That he would have returned back the said Guineas; but Sir Francis Charlton told him, He would stand his Friend in it.

Robert Minton said, That Mr. Mason came the Day before the Election, and asked him for both his Votes; and at the same time he asked him for his little Boy, and ‘said, He would put him Apprentice: That Mr. Mam toid the said Minton, That he had given Mr. Mathews a Bond of the said Mintons of 41, to be delivered up to him; and that afterwards Mr. Mathews told him the Bond was lost; but, the Day before the Election, Mr. Mathews gave him a Receipt for the said 41, with Air. Masons Hand to it; though, in Fact, he did not pay any Money:

That the said Receipt, bearing Date 2 January 1700, was produced, and read to the Committee.

Wm. Minion said, That Mr, Mason told him, the Morrow after the Writ was proclaimed, If he would vote for him and Sir Gilbert Gerard, he should have 5/.: That, the said Minton saying, lie would not take his Word; Mr. Mason said, He should have the Money, if he would swear not to discover it; and that Mr. Mathews should bring it to him: And that Mr. Morris afterwards came to him, and told him, That the Money Mr. Mason had promised him, he should have; but Mr. Mason had not then above Two Guineas: That afterwards he met Mr. Bright, who told him, He must go to Mr. Mathm, Mr. Masons Brother; and accordingly he went to Mr. Mathews, who told out 5 /. to him: And, the said Minton asking upon what Account it was, answered, It was upon the Account he should vote for Mr. Mason and Sir Gilbert Gerard: And the said Minton said, That afterwards he did shew the Money to Sir Fj'ancis Charlton, and another.

The Three Mintons voted for Sir Wm. Brownlowe and Mr. Walcott.

Thomas Bright said, That Charles Bright, his Brother $ Son, declared, He was to have for his Vote for SirG/7-bert Gerard, and Mr. Mason, 10/.; but that he would not give them his Vote, unless he had 10/. due to him for last Election: That they had promised him both, after the Election was over; and he should have Security in the mean time; and that they had made over the Paintry Wood to him for the same.

That Charles Bright senior, said, lie was promised, for his Vote for both 61.; but he had not been paid his Money, nor for his Drink since the last Election; and so he desired Bright the Witness not to vote for him: That afterwards the said Bright told him, That he had received 61, of him, or otherwise he w'ould not have voted for him.

Vincent Humore said, That Bright junior declared, He had the best Part of 10/. for his Vote: He voted for Mr. Walcott and Mr. Mason: And the other Bright declared, He would not vote for Mr. Mason, till he had his Gratuity; And that Wollaston desired his Voice, and told him, He could procure him 5 or 10/.; but he did not

promise

13 W. III. 13 Mali. 537

promise his Vote; and voted for Sir William Brownlowe Und Mr. Walcott.

Walter Goreing said, That Mr. Mathews came, thfe Night before the Election, and called him out, and asked his Vote for Mr. Mason: And he, said Goreing, telling Mr. Alatheti's he had promised Sir Francis Charlton, Mr. Mathews gave him Half a Guinea: But

he acknowledged, That Mr. Mathews owed him ios. and he gave him 9*/. out of the Half Guinea: The said Goreing voted for Sir William Brownlowe and Mr. Walcott.

Robert Wollaston said, That, the Day before the Election, Samuel Wollaston sent for him to the Old Globe, and asked him, If he had disposed of his Voices: And, Ro~ bo't Wollaston answering, That he had; Samuel Wollaston, as an Argument to vote as he did, told the said Robert Wollaston, That my Lord Macclesjidd w as a very honourable Person, and had given him a Place of 18/. a Year, otherwise he would not have voted for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason.

The sitting Member, Mr. Mason, insisted, That in respect of the Death of Sir Wm. Brownlowe, he was surprised, in bringing on this Matter: However, he called several Witnesses:

Walter Wollaston said, That he did see Letters from Mr. Mason to John Holmes, wherein he desired there might be no Expences or drinking on his Account; and that himself gave Mr. Mason a Caution to beware of the Minions.

Nath. Farmer said, That he was at Robert Mintons House; and Minton asked Farmer, Which way he would vote; and told him, If he would vote as he did, he should fare no wwse than himself: And further told him, That, if he would not vote for Mr. Charles Mason, he did not care who he was for; for he had hindered the said Minton from getting 50/. and told him, If he would be for Jeremy Browns Interest, perhaps he would help him to 10 Guineas.

Samuel Richards said, That William Minton told him, That there were so many of the said Mintons Family, as would make Nine Voices: And Brawn told him, He would give 50/. to have Mr. Mason out: And at another Time Browne was at Minton's House, and he told Mintony He was sorry he would not be ruled by him, for it would ftiake him, and his Children; and told him, If he came on the Morrow Morning, he should have a Gratuity to be for Sir William Brownlowe against Mr. Mason.

John Holmes said, He received Twro Letters from Mr. Mason, wherein he gave positive Orders, that no Friend of his should spend any Money on the Account of his Election; for he would not break a Law he had been concerned in the making of: And that all the Mintons said, They expected several Sums on the Account of the former Election; and his Master wrote him Word, That he would have him receive Money of the Tenants, and pay it over to Mr. Mathews, to answer their Demands upon the Account of the former Election; and accordingly he did pay Money to Mr. Mathews.

Morrice Pugh junior said, That several Persons, about Two Years ago, did demand Money of Samuel Richards, and others, for Arrears upon Elections before: And that a great many, at former Elections, had let the Burgesses have Drink, a^d depended on Mr. Mason's Kipdness to be paid.

And that the Committee, upon this Evidence, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Mason Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle; in the County of Salop.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Chctrles Mason Esquire is guilty of notorious Bribery, in endeavouring to procure himself to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bishops Castle.

That the next thing proceeded on, was, the Petition of Sir Gilbert Gerard against Mr. Walcot.

~ VOL. 13.

And the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses: 'Bishop'*

Samuel Wollaston senior said, That Ben. Felton desired Castle his Vote for Mr. Walcott: And his Son came the next Eleelio®* Day, and told him, His Master w'ould deliver up his Indentures, if he would vote for Mr. Walcott; and that the Indentures were put into a third Person's Hands.

Samuel Wdllastony said, He would have had his Son serve out his Time.

Samuel Wollaston junior saidj His Master Ben. Felton told him, If he would vote for Mr. Walcott, he would deliver up his Indentures, and set him up; and his Indentures, on that Account, were delivered into Mr; Broughton's Hands, and were to be delivered up in April following: However, it was acknowledged, That Mr.

Walcott was present, and said, He w ould have nothing to do with Bribery: And that the said Wollaston does work with his Master since.

Edward Pugh said, It was offered to his Father, by Mr. Walcot, That if his Father would vote for him, he would put his Son into an Exciseman's Office; not doubting to do it, being acquainted with Three Commissioners.

That Robert Minton and William Minton said, They would vote for them who would give them most Money.

Francis Colbach said, That Browne and Mr. Bret made an Interest for Sir William Brownlowe: That Brown was concerned, at the former Election, in the Distribution of 2001, and made the Persons give Bills for it:

That he was in Arrear 30/. for Excise, to the King; and, being arrested at the King's Suit, Browne, and others, gave Bail for him: But, because he did not votd for Sir William Brownlowe, they afterwards arrested him, and carried him to Gaol: And the said Colbach said, That Brown had threatened others.

That Mr. Walcott, last Summer, went to the Bowling-green, and rode up to Colbach's Door, and asked him for his Vote: And, Colbach saying he had an Inclination to an Exciseman's Place* Mr. Walcott promised him to do him what Kindness he could.

Walter Wollaston said, That he was asked his Vote by Mr. Walcott and Mr. Richard Wollaston; and that Mr.

Walcott told him, If he would vote for him, he would take him into his own Family to look to his Books of Merchandize: However, he acknowledged he could not keep Merchants Accounts:

That Mr. Walcot told him, There w as a Sum of Money deposited in Mr. Warcings Hands for a single Vote, and Mr. Walcot bid him go to Mr. Waning; but he named no Sum, nor did the Witness go: Wollaston voted for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason.

Nath. Farmer said, That all the Three Mintons voted for Sir William Brownlowe and Mr. Walcott; and that he had Discourse with them: And they asked him to vote as they did, and they would help him to 10 Guineas of Brown; for he would out Mr. Mason, if it cost him 500l.:

That Hugh Mason voted for Sir Wm. Brmnilowe and Mr. Walcott: And said, That Wollaston had put him into a Place in the Hospital at Hull.

Farmer voted for Mr. Mason and Sir Gilbert Gerard.

Bamaby Owen said, That Wollaston, about a W eek before the Election, paid 50s. to Bowens Wife, for Ale drank by Sir William Brownlowes and Mr. Walcotts Friends about Three Weeks before the Election.

Sam. Richards said, That he had heard Browne had given Six Strikes of Malt to Robert Minton, to treat the Burgesses; and that he went there a little before the Election, and drank Part of the Ale made with it.

Charles Bright said, That Richard Wollaston threatened to indict him; and afterwards told him, If he would vote for Mr. Walcott, all should be well: And that he paid him for a Barrel of Ale drank Six Weeks or Two Months before the Election:

That, Saturday before Christmas, he asked Mr. Brown for some Money; but Mr. Browne said, He could not do it, because the Writs were out: But his Man gave him a Is.; and told him, If he would vote for Sir William 6 X Brownlowe

130 Mali.

Ill Chop's

Castle

Llcciiun.

Broivnlozce and Mr. TValcott, he should never want as long as he lived: Bright voted for Mr. Walcot and Mr. Mason.

David Hoggins said, That Richard Wollaston came in, and asked him for his Vote for Sir William Brounlozve and Mr. Walcott; and said. lie would give him 9/. for so much would come to his Share; and also offered him the Use of ati empty House of Sir William Brozvnlozve's for his Life: That Richard Wollaston, about a Month before the Election, brought a Company to drink, and, a Week before Christmas, paid 30s. for it.

And that Mr. Walcott left with the Woman of a Publick House 5$. for Three Burgesses to drink.

Isaiah Hoggins said, Mr. Walcott sent for him to Jos. Martins, Half a Year before the Election; and, when he came there, he was told, There was an Execution against him, and, unless he would promise to be for Mr. Walcott, Robert Minton said, he would take him in Execution:

And that Robert Winton, a Week before the Election, offered him 10 s.; and said, He would make it 5/. if he would vote against Mr. Mason and his Friend: He said, lie voted for Sir Gilbert Gtrarcl and Mr. Mason.

Humphrey Stockuell said, That, falling into Discourse with Richard Wollaston, he said, He had, before the Dissolution of the last Parliament, laid outThreescore Pounds to procure Votes for Mr. Walcott; and that, if he had not doue so, Mr. Walcott had not sat:

That Edward Minton pulled out some Gold, and said, It was for a Debt due formerly from Sir Gilbert Gerard: And then he said. He had a Guinea from Mr. Mason, to vote for Sir Gilbert Gerard; and told it several ways. That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, by way of Answer to this Evidence, called,

Theophilas Greenway: Who said, He was present when Mr. Mason brought the Petition to Sir Gilbert Gerard to sign; and that Sir Gilbert asked, If he might not read it: To which Mr. Mason answered, lie was in Haste; and so Sir Gilbert signed it, without reading it:

That it was agreed, That Mr. Walcott and his Family had a considerable Estate about Bishop's Castle:

And it was agreed, That Sir Gilbert Gerard had no Estate in those Parts.

Mr. Rich. Okeley said, That he was present with Richard Wollaston, at David Hoggins' House; but he heard no Money offered: That Wollaston asked Isaac Hoggins for his Vote; and he said, He would do it freely: But David Hoggins said, Fie was engaged; and Mr. Walcott bid him stand to his Word:

And the said Okeley said, He believed he heard all that passed between them v

That he was also present when Mr. Walcott asked Pugh; who said, His Sons were engaged; but he did not know but he himself might give him a Vote, upon Sir Fran. Chav let on's Account.

Walter Cory said, That Francis Colbach declared, That he would vote for no man that would not pay him: He voted for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason: Colbach did owe Brown 361.

Robert Wollaston said, That Francis Colbach has owned, That he did owe Brozvn 361. for the Arrears of Excise, that Brawn paid for him: And said, That Mr. Mason should clear that 36/. or he would not give him his Voice: Colbach voted for Sir Gilbert Gerard and Mr. Mason.

Thomas Greaves says, lie was in Company with Captain Waning, Brazen, and others, about Three Weeks or a Month before the Election: And Bowen owned, That he owed Browne Money, and had Notice to pay it.

Thomas Bevans said, That, Three Days before the Election, Barnaby Powelland Isaiah Hoggins were at his House; and, discoursing of the Election, they drank Sir Gilbert's Health; whereupon Bevans drank Mr. Walcott's: And thereupon they were like to quarrel; and they said, Mr. Walcott should not stand, whatever it cost them.

Mr. Broughton said, That young Wollaston came to him on the Election-day to desire him to go to his Masters*, to take up his Indentures: And his Master $aid, He would not let him have them; because it might be reckoned Bribery \ but be should have them in Spring, as he had promised: And Mr. Broughton said, There was no Promise made in relation to the Election.

And that, upon this Evidence the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That George Walcott Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bishop's Castle.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, iagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That no Warrant do issue this Session for a new Writ, for another Election for the same Borough, in the room of the said Charles Mason Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Charles Mason be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Answert? Address having been presented to his Majesty, That his Ate, Majesty would be pleased to give immediate Directions for the putting a Stop to the felling any more Wood, or young Oaks, in Enfield Chace; his Majesty had been pleased to signify to the Chancellor of the Duchy, That a Stop should be put to the cutting the said Wood and Oaks; and that the said Signification of his Majesty's Pleasure had been sent to the Chancellor of the Duchy accordingly.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mem to consider further of Ways and Means for the raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the Plouse; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks ! Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That t welve Battalions, Part of the Standing Forces now in Ireland, shall be, by new Levies, made up Ten thousand Men, and sent to the Assistance of the States General; and no new Levies to be made in Ireland, or elsewhere, to supply the said Twelve Battalions drawn out of Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Twelve Battalions, Part of the Standing Forces now in Ireland, shall be, by new Levies, made up Ten thousand Men, and sent to the Assistance of the States General; and no new Levies to be made in Ireland, or elsewhere, to supply the said Twelve Battalions drawn out of Ireland.

The House being informed, That Mr. Thomas Cole-paper, who was lately committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Flouse, upon Account of the Petition of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Kent, has made his Escape; and that the rest of the Persons, committed also upon the same account, do behave themselves very disorderly;

The Serjeant was called upon to give an Account of those Matters:

W hereupon he acquainted the House, That the said Mr. Co/epepe? had, upon Saturday last, made his Escape; and that some of the others had threatened, and he was apprehensive of Force, to rescue them: And prayed the Direction of the House concerning the m:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Serjeant at Arms attending the House do deliver Mr. William Colepeper, Mr. DavidPolhill, Mr. Justinian Champneys, and Air. William Hamilton, Prisoners to his Majesty's Prison of the Gatehouse;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr 11 r f Air. Hammond,

Tellers for the Yeas,> miMm.

Mr. Coif* peperescafH from Cus. tody.

Others are transferal toGatehod

Tellers for the Noes,[ lh} 93

169.

So

tv

r ;! k:

iv-v: r:'

v-

V

v

c

Jdress for <»c la main to ajjpre-nd Mr. ilepeper. kliess for noving n and jers from admissions the Peace.

Idress for >reetiectual iswer renting re-jving Lord mers, &c.

>h For-oires.

x*s

vorce.

) ping's late.

iveof

sence.

ttonian

rajy.

13 W. III. 13° — 14° Mali. 5 3 9

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to issue his Royal Proclamation for the apprehending of the said Mr. Thomas Colepeper.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to put out of the Commissions of the Peace, and Lieutenancy, such of the said Mr. William Colepeper, Mr. Thomas Colepeper, Mr. David Polhill, Mr. Justinian Champnejjs, and Mr. William Hamilton, as are in the said Commissions.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of the House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That a further humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased effectually to answer the Address of this House for removing John Lord Somers, Edward Earl of Or ford, Charles Lord Haiti fax, and William Earl of Portland, from his Council and Presence for ever;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YcaJ £>lonel Onmille, )

£ Mr. Bruges: J

Tellers for the Noes, Mr' ill.

91 Mr. Compton: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of the House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, receive all the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That the House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Mail;

130 Willicmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

MR. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate of Lucretia Tipping, an Infant, in Trustees, upon her Marriage; and a Settlement to be made accordingly; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations contained imthe Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; andaftenvards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Colonel Strangzcaycs have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Cotton-house, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick: And the same was received.

A Petition of James Buckly, of Totness, in the County Mallock's of Devon, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and Estate, read; setting forth, That Razvlin Mai lode, the Father, late of Cockington, in the County aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was, at the time of his Death, indebted to the Petitioner by Two several Bonds; which, with the Interest thereof to this time, amounts to 362/. 2s. & 2d. and likewise in the Sum of C25/. 2s. bd. for Goods sold to him: That the Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill brought into this House for Sale of the Lands of the said Mr.

Matlock', and that there is a Provision made for Payment of 100 /, only Part of the Petitioner's...: And praying,

That, since the Petitioner's said Debt is just, and that the said Lands are liable to the Payment thereof* a Provision may be made for Payment; or that the Petitioner may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for the more speedy Payment of the Creditors of James Ormond'* late Duke of Ormond, and of the present Duke of Or- Estate-mond, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Kendall, Major General Trelaxcny, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Charles Barrington, Brigadier Trelaxcny,

Sir Francis Wan-, Lord Conibury, Mr. St. John, Sir John Levcson Gower, Sir Thomas Wagstaff, Mr. Harcoart, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Rouny, Mr. Chetwind, Lord Ranclagh,

Mr Cecil/, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Vcrncy, Sir John Trevillian, Sir Stephen Fox, Mr.

Bridges, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Rich.Onslm\ Mr.

Cary, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Cha. Eloys, Sir Edward Gresham, Mr. Luttrdl, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Gwynne, Mr. Hunt, Doctor Davenant, Mr. Frecke, Mr.

Founds, Sir Henry Beilassis, Mr. Lumley, Sir Fran.

Massam, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Hoxv, Mr. Roberts, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Moncton,

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Conway, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Wharton,

Mr. Ogle, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Hoopers Lord Hide, Colonel Stringer, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Bolls, S\t John Kay, Mr. Bertie; and all that s.erve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence' casions.

Ordered, That Mr. Foster, Mr. Lan-son, Mr. Blofeild, Expiring Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Laws. Conyers, and all of the Long Robe* be added to the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire what Laws are near expiring, and are fit to be continued.

A Petition of John Basket, and others, Traders in the Insolvent Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the Bebtor8, House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive of a great Detriment to themselves by the Bill, now before this House, for the Relief of poor Prisoners, in case the same should pass into a I^aw, as it now is: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, as to w hat they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the same Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Sir Bartholomexv Shower, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Westminsta % , called Vol. 13.

A Petition of Alexander Popham, and others, Trustees Froxfield of an Hospital for the Relief of poor Widows, founded Hospital at Fraxfield, in the County of Wilts, by the most Noble tstale*

Sarah

Hindon

Return

amended.

Privilege of Parliament.

Limitation of the Crowu.

Supply Rill Land Tax.

540 140 — 1 £ Mal . 170

Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Somerset, was presented and Courts thpre, and Court of Requests, and Places ad- Members to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said jacerit, and summon the Members there to attend the summune<1‘ Duchess, by her said last Will, dated 17th May 1 &86, did, Service of the House, amongst other Things, direct and appoint, That Sir Sa- Atid he went accordingly. muel Grimston Baronet, since deceased, and his Heirs, who And, being returned;

are seised in Fee of certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Wilts, in Trust for her, should convey, settle, and assure the same, for the Maintenance of poor Widows in the said Hospital, in such manner as the same is therein mentioned: And the said Duchess afterwards, by a Codicil dated 10th February 1697, did limit and appoint one other Manor in the same County, for the better Maintenance of the poor Widows; and did also, by her said Will, direct and appoint a certain Manor, and Lands, to be conveyed and settled for the apprenticing several poor Boys yearly for ever: That the said Sir Samuel did, in the Year 1698, pursuant to aDecree made in Chancery, convey the said Alms-house, and all other the Manors and Premises, to the Petitioners, and their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trust, for the Benefit of the said Charity: That the said Sir Samuel Grimston, refused to take upon him the Trust, as to the placing out of the said poor Boys; and did never assign or transfer the Premises appointed for that Purpose, but died seised of the legal Estate thereof; whereby the said Premises, so not assigned, is now vested in an Infant, who is not capable of acting, or transferring the said Trust; whereby the Charity, as to placing out poor Boys, is likely to be lost: And the Petitioners do find, that they want some further Powers to make them capable of maintaining that good Order and Regularity in the said Hospital, which so charitable a Foundation doth require: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order; and amended the Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing any Inconvenience that mav happen by Privilege of Parliament was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir John Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the subject, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do

pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and bettor securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

i The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go into Westminster-hall,

A Complaint being made to the House, of Endeavours Complaint to raise Tumults and Sedition, in order to disturb the Tuwulu. publick Affairs;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Address an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, humbly to there*1* lay before his Majesty the Endeavours of several ill-dis*-posed Persons to raise Tumults and Sedition in the Kingdom; and humbly to beseech his Majesty, that he will provide for the publick Peace and Security.

And it is referred to Mr. How, Sir Christopher grave, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Jo. -son Gower, Sir Robert Clayton, Lord Marquis Colonel Granville, Earl of Dysert, Sir Ashley, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Humph. Macicworth, Mr. Lawson, Lord Cheine, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Thomas Powis, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Thyme, Sir Tho. Meeres,

Sir Richard Cow, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Townsend, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Popham, Mr. Clayton,

Sir Iran. Child, Sir Jo.Kay, Lord , Sir Jo. rold. Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. St. John, Mr. Hey sham. Sir R. Onslow, Mr. Boyle, Sir John Mr. Wait-

worth, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Mr. Hammond,

Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Rozcland Gwynne, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Tho. Mompesson,

Mr Harley, Mr . Dymock, Mr. BridgAnd they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And are to sit de die in diem.

Some Words of Contradiction having passed in the House inter* House, between Mr. Haw and Sir William Strickland, pose 10 Pre" which the House was informed of; a yuar'

They were injoined by the House not to take any Notice of, or prosecute, the same without doors:

And they both declared, That they would obey the Orders of the House.

The Serjeant at Arms acquainted the House, That Mr. Cole- Mr. Thomas Colepeper had surrendered himself into his PePer 8ur-Custody this Day, at Twelve a Clock. ^j'der8 bim*

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do deliver the said Mr. Thomas Colepeper Prisoner to his Majesty's Prison of the Gatehouse: And that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Public whom it was referred to receive Proposals for raising Debts. Money to pay the publick Debts, be made upon Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A^d then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 15° die

‘ 13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

MR. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom Node's the Bill for vesting a certain Messuage, and Lands, Estale-in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold; and for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations contained in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill;

13 which

pynTOl

M

junior

; kdc,

>1.

ad- >[.; ,

tJie

i:r? (V.

ti.e01C

, J!> Afc,

' to i'ti

iis-

t.':e

13 W. III.

t50 Maii.

54*

Hyde's

Estate*

Stanley's

Estate.

King's lteneh and Fleet Prisons*

which they had directed him to report to the House; upon a Sum of Money, as, by sufficient Workmen, shall which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in . be thought necessary, for building or repairing a publick at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read Gaol: That the Grand Jury for the said County of Hert" throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, ford having lately made, at the Assizes, such a Present-upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto ment of the Insufficiency of their Gaol; and being of

by the House.

Ordered That ingrossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Pynyott's &c. Nat.

Lt>rd

Kilmory'a

Estate.

An ingrossed Bilb from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Augustin and others,

was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Lord Viscount Kil-mory, of the Kingdom of Ir, being an Infant, to

settle divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of England \upon a Treaty of Marriage, was

read the Third time:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made;

Pr. 4. L. *, after Majesty," to insert " by and with the Advice and Consent of: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable Robert Lord Viscount in the

Kingdom of Ireland, being an Infant, to settle divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage.

Ordered, That the Earl of do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Humphrey Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Opinion, that the repairing or building the old Gaol in the same Place where it now stands will be of no Effect:

And praying that the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their Quarter Sessions, may be enabled, by some effectual Law, to levy Money, as well for purchasing some Ground, whereon to rebuild the said Gaol* as for the Gaol itself) as the said Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ccesttr and Mr. Gulston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Robert Austen, according to Order, presented to Rye the House a Bill for the Repair of the Harbour of Rye: Harbour. And the same was received.

A Petition of the President, Treasurer, and Governors, Tythe of of Christ's Hospital, London-, on the behalf of the poor Head-ore. Children of the said Hospital, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That one Robert Gale, Citizen and Vintner of London, deceased, did, by his Will dated 4th July 1612, bequeath 20/. per Annum forever to the Children of the said Hospital, payable out of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of liras in the County of Derby, purchased by the said Donor; but the said Charity hath been much diminished, by reason of the with-holding the Tythes of Lead-ore, formerly paid in the said Parish: That there is a Bill now depending before this House, for preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead-ore in the County of Derby: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Ditto.

_. other Members of the Corporation of the City Of

, to ,ePa, e £,r Stanley Baronet to charge coinon the behalf of the poor People of that City, was

h hnln ts- ..... tU t ks-i I D..__J, __________ . 1 . J 1_

his Estate with the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House this Day, at One of the Clock, in the Fainted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and And then the Messengers withdrew.

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That one Robert Gale, Citizen and Vintner of London, deceased, did, by his last Will dated 41I1 July 1612, bequeath Two-and-tu enty Pounds per Annum for ever to be paid towards the Relief of the poor People inhabiting in the said City, payable out of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of Brassington, in the County of Derby, purchased by the said Donor; but the said Charity hath been much diminished, by reason of the unjust with-holding of the Tythes of Lead-ore in the said Parish, and by vexations Suits at Law concerning the same: That there is a Bill now' depending in this Honourable House, for

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a Conference, preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling

Hertford

County

Gaol.

as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley, Mr. Offley, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Palmes, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Shackerly, SirIVm.Coriton,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Eduard Seymour,

Sir Jo.Phillips, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chandle:', Sir John Bolls,

Mr. Marks, Colonel Lee, Sir Ja. How, Mr. Birch, Mr.

Boyle, do manage the said Conference.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, and Justices of the Peace for the County of Hertford, on Monday the 28th Day of April, in the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign, proved Rents.

and ascertaining the Tythes of Lead-ore, in the County of Derby: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed, That one of the Survey- Duchy of ors of the Duchy of Lancaster attended, according to Lancaster Order; Estate.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Lands, Rents, and Estates, of the said Duchy, undisposed of, together with the present Value; and the Value of the Reversions, and im-

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, by a late.....intituled, An Act to enable Jus-

tices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties, it is provided, That, upon the Presentment of the Grand Jury at the Assizes, or Great Sessions, of the Insufficiency of their Gaol or Prison, to conclude or agree to be perused by the Members of the House. V 0 l. 13. 6 Y

And then withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Sessions.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Ordered,

Curing Fish, dec.

Corrupting

Jutois.

Hemlingford Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Laud 'lax.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

542

150 Mail.

ji. 170X.

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill for tire better Curing of Fish; and ascertaining, and better Payment, of the Drawback for the same; and for the Encouragement of the Fishery of this Kingdom: And that Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir William and Mr. Cary,

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Sir Robert BuBaronet, in the Name and at the Request of a great Number of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Division within the Hundred of

Hendingford, in the County of Warwick for which Mr. Kendall is High Constable, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were assessed their full Proportion of Three Shillings in the Pound, according to the Act of Parliament for the Year 1698, and the Rate signed by the Commissioners; and they paid the First Payment to the General Receiver: But some time afterwards, a Warrant was sent by other Commissioners to raise above Four Shillings in the Pound above the said Three Shillings; and for not complying the rewith, they were distrained upon: That after another Warrant was sent by the Under Sheriff to raise Money upon the said Petitioners, who are now under Prosecution for the said Monies, upon the said Distresses and Warrant, in the Court of Exchequer: And praying, That this House will not only give them Relief, but prevent such Irregularities for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Ga-risons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred: and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House, will immediately, after the Conference frith the Lords, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Carter reported, That the Conference was managed by the Lord *;Who acquainted them, That the Lords having made considerable Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons, they thought fit to give Reasons for so doing, to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses; viz.

1. The Bill makes a total Change in the Method of Proceedings in the King s Courts at Westminster; which is, That Persons arrested by Process out of those Courts, should be brought to those Prisons; the Officers of which Prisons are under the immediate Inspection of those Courts, and are always present in the Courts, to answer Complaints and Actions that may be brought against them, without arresting the m.

2. Country Gaolers, being remote from the Courts at Westminster, may more easily oppress their Prisoners, or give them too much Liberty; and the Judges at the Assizes cannot possibly have Time nor Power to redress Complaints against the Gaolers.

3. Men arrested for Debt in their own Countries may more easily obtain Favour there from the Gaolers.

4. If the Prisoners are permitted to have Liberty in the Towns where the Prison is, the Inhabitants will probably connive at it, by reason of the Profit they will get by entertaining them in their Houses.

5. It lays a heavy Burden upon the Sheriffs, who must answer for all Escupes; whereas now the Plaintiff or Defendant, or the Sheriff' himself, may by Habeas Corpus, remove the Prisoner to the King's Bench or Prisons, and so the Sheriff' be dischargee!; and, though the Sheriff* may take Security from the Under Sheriff', or Gaoler* yet he must take such Security as he can get, and the Security may prove insolvent.

6. If a Man be in Execution in a Country Gaol, and the Sheriff die, the Gaoler, before a new Sheriff' made, may discharge the Prisoner, and the Creditor is without Remedy; but, when a Prisoner is in the Custody of one that hath the Inheritance of the Office, he is still in Cus- tody, though the Officer die.

7. If a Man be in Prison for Debt, and the Sheriff dies, as soon as a new Sheriff hath his Patent, the Prisoner is in his Custody: If, in that Case, the Gaoler suffers an Escape before he hath given Security, the new Sheriff may be answerable.

8. If a Man be a Stranger in a Country, and is arrested in a Corporation, if he cannot find Bail, the Cause must be tried there; though perhaps the Mayor, or other Judge of the Court, and Jurymen, may be all the Plaintiff's Friends.

9. The Country Gaols, which are primarily intended for Felons, and Breakers of the Peace, have not Room enough for all Prisoners for Debt; and, besides, it is not reasonable, that Prisoners for Debt should be kept amongst Felons; and this Mischief will be very great in London and Middlesex.

10. The Bill, as it came from the Commons, instead of regulating, doth, in effect, take away, the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet; for, if they are to have no Prisoners, they, by a necessary Consequence, cease to be Prisons; and, though they still remain Prisons, to receive such as are committed by their respective Courts for Contempts, yet they w ill be so few, that the Profits thereby accruing will not be a proportionable Recompence to the Officers to attend the Courts; so that the King's Four Courts at Westminster will be without Prisons, and without Officers to assist them; for the Sheriffs of the Counties are not to attend these Courts, their Business being confined to tlxeir ow n Countries: Hereby these Courts will be reduced to a more mean Condition than the most inferior Courts of Record in the Kingdom, and be disabled to keep the Peace, or to do Justice; and be liable to all the Insults and Affronts that shall be offered to them; and tlte Judges thereof will be deprived of all coercive Power.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven-night, take the said Report into Consideration.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself again Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ^and Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this Mouse will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Regulating next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Election*, to consider further of the Bill lor the better preventing Bribery, and other undue Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliaments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Commis-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole sioners of House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Account*' and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

'Oil

'Fxi

lU

(If; rc> Pidifl.

41

-1*. Ml

I.

iwt

lie

't!5,

ri.f

L'jc

nd

ije>

nit

ne

ir

w

d

r

i?

W. Ill

i56 — 16° Mail.

543

Preservation Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed oi Protestant Sevenni<rl)t. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to the same, without any Amendments.

Kcligioii,

Kail of OriorcTs Impeachment.

House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Translation of Bishops from one See to another.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt.

Mr. Speaker,

We arc commanded by the Lords to deliver to this

Ordered That Mr. Bagot have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, his Father being very ill. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Banbury have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Mannatonreported from the Committee, to whom Treviso's

the Bill for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Estate.

House the Answer of Edward Earl of Orford to the Ar- Peter Trevisa, deceased; and providing a Maintenance tides exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and to his Widow and Children; was committed; That they

Enfield

Chace.

Burgesses, in Parliament, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons o iEngland, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against the said EarJ, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, supposed to be committed by him; And they delivered the same accordingly.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Answer be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolls have Leave to make a

had examined the Allegations contained in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and -afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put

Motion from the Committee appointed touching Enjicld thereupon, agreed by the House. Chace, being alter Four a Clock- , That the Bill, with the At

grossed.

Amendments, be iu-

A Petition of Nathanael Pinneyof in the Mallock's County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Estate, setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1690, did,

Earl of Portland* Ac. Impeachment*

Sir John Bolls accordingly moved, from the said Committee, That an humble Address may be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Order, That the Wood and Timber cut, and the Bark of the same, may

not be carried off the Chace. . - , - -

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his *of 3»o/ actually paid, purchase a Tenement, called Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Order, That the ChrParcel of the Manor of W/r/^e, for Three said Wood and Timber cut, and the Bark thereof, be dis- Lives, by Copy of Court Roll, from Raxohn Mallock, posed of to his Majesty's Advantage. "ho was in Possession, and reputed Lord of the said Ma-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Ma- !10r' notwithstanding which, the Petitioner s Title hath jesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty been d,seated' and he actually ejected, by reason of dor-most Honourable Privy Council. I,ant Settlements made among the Family of the Mat-

locks: And praying, That he may be named, among the A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford other Creditors, in the Bill endeavoured by Rawtin Mal-and Mr. Pitt: lock Esquire, for the Sale of the said Manor; and that the

Mr. Speaker, Petitioner's Purchase Money may be repaid out of the

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Money arising by such Sale; and, to that End, may be House, That, on the First Day of April last, this House heard, by his Counsel, before the said Bill do pass, having sent up to their Lordships an Impeachment against OThat the Consideration of the said Petition William Earl of Portland, for high Crimes and Misde* be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is

meanors; and having also, on the Fifteenth Day of the committed,

same Month, severally impeached John Lord Somers, and

Charles Lord Halifax, of high Crimes and Misdemea- The Earl of Dyscrt reported from the Committee, to Norwich nors; their Lordships think themselves obliged to put this whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Request or Con- Small Debts.

House in mind, That, as yet, no particular Articles have science in the City and County of the City o

been exhibited against the said Lords; which, after Impeachments have been so long depending, is due, in Justice, to the Persons concerned, and agreeable to the Methods of Parliament in such Cases.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an Answer be returned to the Lords, That the Articles against William Earl of Portland, John

Lord Somers, and Charles Lord. Halifax, are preparing; unto by the House.

for Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

Committees.

Jennyn's

Estate.

and, in a short time, this House will send them up to the House of Lords.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Man; if Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Stephen Jennynto make Provision for his

younger Children; and for advancing of his eldest Son; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. I ley sham do carry the Bill to the Voi. 13.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt the Close of Norwich from the Bill:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Fol. 6. to insert, after " Persons," these Words; " being " qualified as aforesaid, and inhabiting in the said City

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom it Expiring was referred to inquire what Laws are near expiring, and b»w*. are fit to be continued, that they had considered thereof; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as weth; viz.

Resolved,

0

Regulating

Elections.

Minehead

Harbour.

Corrupting J urors.

Privilege — a Person petitions for Discharge,

Earl of Orford's Impeachment.

44 t6° Man. 1701.

Resold, Tliut it fe the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of his Majesty's Ueign, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns ot Members to serve ill Parliament, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

1 hat an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing ot Thelt and Rapine upon the Northern Borders ot England] and continued by an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth V ears of his present Majesty's Reign; be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ogle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses and Assistants of the Corporation of in the County of

Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Bill, now depending before this Honourable House, for the better preventing Bribery, and other undu6 Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity of Parliaments; to be destructive of their ancient and rightful Way of Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, to such Parts of the said Bill, as appears to be destructive of their ancient Rights and Customs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery, and other undue Practices, in Elections; and for preserving the Dignity and Constitution of Parliaments; is committed.

Mr. Pendarvis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Recovering, Securing, and Keeping in' Repair, the Harbour of Mincheafor the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was committed; That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, ,*:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Jurors was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Dunmall, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for being guilty of Bribery on the late Election for the Town and Port of IFinchelsea, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same: And praying, That he may have his liberty.

Ordered, That the said John Dunmall be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

The Answer of Edu ard Earl of Orford to the Articles of Impeachment against him was, according to Order, read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Answer of Edward Earl of Orford to the Articles exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against the said Earl, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors supposed to be committed by him.

'1IIE said Earl, saving to himself all Advantages of Exception to the said Articles, and of not being prejudiced by any Words, or Want of Form, in this his Answer; and saving to him all Privileges and Rights belonging to him, as One of the Peers of this Realm; for Answer to the said Articles, humbly suith,

To the 1st Article,

That lie having, for several Years, rendered lira Majesty his utmost Service and Duty as a good and loyal Subject ought to do, his Royal Majesty was graciously pleased, upon several (>ccasions, to take notice of the same; and out of his wonted Bounty, and of his free Will, was pleased to give the said Earl Two Grants; one whereof was n reversionary Grant, for Years, of some Houses, depending then upon a precedent Estate for about 29 Years; which being a reversionary Interest at so great a Distance, although the said Earl thankfully received the same from his Majesty, as his Grace and Bounty, yet the same was of no great Value; and the other of them was a Grant of the Remainder of a gross Sum, amounting to about 2.000l. a Year, for Five Years; which are the only Grants of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Sums of Money whatsoever, which he or any in Trust for him, hath had from his Majesty; and which said Two Grants his Majesty was graciously pleased, after many Years Service, freely to bestow upon him the said Earl, without any Surprize, sinister or indirect Means; of the said Earl in obtaining the same; and which Grants, he humbly conceives, were not unusual in like Cases: The accepting whereof, he humbly hopes, w'as not anjr Violation of his Duty, or of any Trust in him the said Earl reposed.

2. To the 2d Article,

The said Earl answereth and denied), That he, at any time, converted to his own private Use any publick Money issued to him for the Service of the Navy; or that he the said Earl ever procured or had any Privy Seal, or Privy Seals, to discharge him from accounting for the! same; but saith, That he the said Earl did make up, and, upon Oath, pass his Accounts for the Monies imprest to him for the Service in this Article mentioned; which Account was legally declared, and passed, upon very strict and great Examination, by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; and he the said Earl hath his Quietus cst, in due Course of Law, upon the same: But the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, making soma unusual Objections to Part of the said Account, concerning some Provisions furnished to the Fleet, by the said Earl, in the King of Spains Dominions; although the same w ere truly and really had and spent by the Seamen in the Fleet, and paid for by him the said Earl; and which Objections, in like Cases, had not been made, or stood upon, nor could be reasonably expected; his Majesty was pleased to direct and order a Privy Seal, to dispense with the Form in that Particular; but the said Earl did make no Advantage to himself thereby, nor was his Majesty, or the Government, in the least defrauded therein; it appearing, upon a very strict Examination, that less Rates were allowed for the said Provisions, than had been allowed before in like Cases, or; as the said Earl is informed, hath been since allowed: And, to the latter Park of the said Article, saith, That, for the Monies by him received, as Treasurer, or Receiver General of the Navy, he hath already delivered in his Accounts; and is ready to perfect the same, according to the ordinary Method; some of them lying ready with the Auditors, to be declared; and the rest of them being made up, and delivered in to be examined, in order to be passed: And saith. After just Allow ances had, he does not believe he shall appear to be indebted upon the said Accounts; and also denies, that any Persons are Sufferers for want of their Dues, in respect of the said Accounts; or that the publick Service is or hath been any-ways discouraged or discredited thereby, as in the said Article is alleged.

3; To the 3d Article the said Earl answereth, and denies, That he received any Monies whatsoever from the King of Spaine, or -any other Person, as in the

' Article

13 W.'HI. 16°

Article is alleged: And saith, That what Wine, Oil, or other Provisions were received from the King of Spainc, or any others, for the Fleet, were duly delivered, and distributed amongst the Officers and Seamen thereof: And denies he did convert the same to his own Use, or did imbezzle any of the Provisions, or reckoned them, or any Part of them, as bought with the Money allowed for furnishing the Navy with fresh Provisions: And does deny that the said Earl did enjoy any Otiices inconsistent in their Nature, as he is advised, one with the other, or which were, or ought to be, Checks one upon the other; or that he anyways secured, or pretended to secure, himself from rendering any Account to the Publick, by any Office or Offices whatsoever; or that he is guilty of the Breach of any Laws, to his Know lege, by executing any Office or Offices, or ever executed the same, to the Dishonour of his Majesty, or to the Prejudice of his People, as in the said Article is alleged.

4. To the 4th Article the said Earl answereth, and saith, He believes that the Prizes taken in the late War were appropriated as by the Act of Parliament in that behalf is provided; but denies that he did at any time sell or dispose of any Vessel or Vessels, or their Ladings, or Cargo, taken as, or under the Pretence of Prize, by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, without Condemnation, or judicial Proceedings; or converted the Monies arising by Sale of any Vessel or Vessels, or their Lading or Cargo, taken as, or under Pretence of, Pi ize, by any of his Majesty's Ships of War. to his own Usi; but, on the contrary, did, from time to time, in his Station, give Orders, that the Prizes taken should be carefully preserved, without lmbezzlement, and duly proceeded against, and the Produce answered as the Law directs: And therefore humbly insisted). That the Publick hath been no-ways endamaged, or the Debts of the Nation increased, by any Neglect or Default of the said Earl.

5. To the 5th Article the said Earl saith, That the F.ust-India Company, about the beginning of March iG96, did apply to the Admiralty hoard, ot which the said Earl was One, to impower their Ships and Officus to seize and take all Pirates infesting the Seas within the Limits of their Charter; and likewise to erect a Court of Admiralty in those Parts, to try and condemn such Pirates as they should take: Upon which Application, the Board of Admiralty did take Advice, and were informed they had no Authority to grant the same: And denies he the said Earl ever discouraged or rejected the Company's Request therein, unless it were by telling them, that the Admiral*., hv Law, could not grant the same: And denies that the Company was ever denied letters of Marque ui common Form, to the Knowledge of the said Earl: And saith, as to the Matter of Kidd, in this Article mentioned, he was gone upon his Expedition about 12 Months before that Time: And as to his Commission, and the Grant, in the said Article mentioned, the said Earl humbly conceives, and is advised, the same were not contrary to Law; but, sure he is, the said Expe-pedition was intended for the publick Good and Service: And saith, The said Kid.I hath no Powers and Instructions from the Board of Admiralty, other than the ordinary and common Letters of Marque, the Contents whereof are common, and well known to the Merchants: And the said Earl doth deny, that he knew the said Kidd to be of ill Fame and Reputation; but in case the said bath committed any Piraeus, he the said Kidd is answerable, and ought to answer, for the same, he never being ordered by the said Earl so to do; nor had he ever any the least Encouragement given him by the said Earl, or any other, to his Knowledge, to expect or hope for any Protection therein, in any illegal Action done or committed by him.

6.To the 6th Article the said Earl saith, lie believes it to be true, that there was a horrid and barbarous Plot and Conspiracy against his Majesty's Sacred Person; and that there was an Apprehension of an immediate Invasion; but the said Earl hopes no Neglect of Duty in his Station can be imputed to him, to prevent the same: And as for the Ship Duchess, which was, amongst many Vot. 13.

Mail. 545

others, armed and equipped in Defence of the Realm* the said Earl saith, That the Men, in the said Article mentioned to he taken from on board her, were but spine of the very Persons that were just before taken on board Captain Kidd, and returned, by their own Consent, on board Captain Kidd again, not being above 20 in Number: And saith, all Fears of the Invasion were then over, and at an end: And denies that the same was intended to weaken, or did weaken, the said Ship, or the Navy Royal; or that the said Seamen, so returning on board the said Kidd, were levied or provided at the Expence of the Publick; or did return, or were put, on board the said Kidd against their own Consent, or to the Prejudice of the publick Security; or that the Ship Duchess was thereby endangered, if she had been attacked, as in the said Article is a Hedged.

7. 'To the 7th Article the said Earl answereth, and denies that he did, by Misrepresentation, or otherwise, obtain or procure a Grant or Order for his Majesty's Ship Dolphin, to be employed in a private Voyage or Undertaking, but what was done therein, was done after the Peace concluded, and by his Majesty's Command, at the Instance and Request of other Persons, and not of the said Earl, but contrary to his Opinion; nor was the said Earl any-way concerned in Interest therein, till after his Majesty's Orders were given about the said Ship; and then, and not belore, some of the Persons concerned in the said Adventure desired the said Earl to take some Shares therein, the Number whereof he doth not remember, which the said Earl accordingly did; but humbly insists that his Actings therein were not contrary to his Duty, or the Trust in him reposed, or the Debts of the Nat.ii m thereby increased.

8. To the 8th Article the said Earl answereth, and

denies, that, at any time, w hile he commanded the Navy Royal, he did, through Neglect or Contempt of Orders, unnecessarily hazard, or expose to Danger, the said Navy: And also denies, that, upon any Opportunity of taking or destroying the Ships of the King, he did, contrary to Advice, or in Disobedience to Orders, neglect to do the same: And also denies, that he did suffer or permit any of the French King's Ships to return into their own Harbours, when he had Opportunity to prevent the same; and humbly insists, he is not guilty of any Neglect or Omission of his Duty herein; nor did expect, in this Particular, to be charged therewith, considering his Services rendered against the French Fleet.

9. To the 9th Article the said Earl saith, He believes it to be true, that his Majesty hath been engaged in several Alliances with several Princes, and particularly with the Emperor, in the Year 1689; and that the End cf those Alliances w as, to prevent the Grow th and Power of France, and to secure this Kingdom, and its Allies: But the said Earl does deny, that lie did advise his Majesty'to enter into the Treaty of Partition charged upon the said Earl in this Article; and, so far as the said Earl was*anyways acquainted therewith, he objected to, and gave his Opinion against, the same.

10. To the 10th Article the said Earl answereth, and saith, That, true it is, his Majesty w as pleased to employ and intrust him in the several Offices and Stations in this Article mentioned for several Years, as his Majesty's Occasions required, although not for all the Time in the said Article mentioned: And hopes, and humbly insisted) upon it, that he the said Earl did, from time to time, according to his Duty, and the Trusts in him reposed, discharge the said Offices and Employments with Loyalty, Faithfulness, and Zeal, to his Majesty, and his People.

And, having thus laid his Case before your Lordships, he the said Earl doth humbly insist, and answer lo the said Impeachment, and ail and every the Articles aforesaid exhibited against him, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters or Things by the said Articles charged, in Manner and Form as the same are therein and thereby alleged against him; and that the Matters by him before set forth to be done and transacted, or any of them, were not done or committed by him the said Earl

. 6 Z against

Farl «.»f O.v ford's Impeachment*

I-ord

Sommers'

Impeach-

ment.

54®

against our Sovereign Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity, or the Peace or Interest of this Kingdom, or in Breach of the Trust reposed in him the said Earl: And humbly submits himself herein to your Lordships Judgment.

O/'dered, That the said Answer be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare a Replication to the said Answer: And that the said Committee do meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and do sit de die in diem.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee appointed

to draw up Articles of Impeachment, That they had drawn up Articles accordingly against John Lord Somers Baron of Evesham, in Maintenance of the Impeachment against him for high Crimes and Misdemeanors: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Articles be read, Article by Article.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go into -

hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The said Articles were read, Article by Article; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Articles of Impeachment of high Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Lord Somers: And the same are as follow; viz.

Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesees, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, against John Lord Sommers Baron of Evesham, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for liiiih Crimes and Misdemeanors.

1st, THAT a Treaty and Alliance between Leopold the Emperor of Germany, and the States General of the United Provinces, was made and concluded, in the Year of our Lord 1689, upon their Consideration of the Greatness of the common Danger which then threatened all Christendom, from the exccsive Power of France, and the unconstant Faith of the French in the Observance of Treaties; w hereby it was agreed, That there should be and remain for ever, a constant, perpetual, and inviolable Friendship, and good Correspondence, between his Imperial Majesty and the States General: That each of them should be obliged to promote the other's Interest; and, as much as in them lay, prevent all Damages and Inconveniencies to each other.

That, during the Continuance of the War, there should hot be only a defensive, but also an offensive, Alliance between the said Parties, by virtue whereof, they should both of them act in an hostile Manner, with all their Forces, by Sea and Land, against the French King, and such of his Allies as should refuse to separate themselves from him:

That, after the War should be ended, and a Peace concluded, there should remain between his Imperial Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the States General, a perpetual defensive Alliance against the Crown of France, and its Adherents:

That, if the Crown of Frame should again attack either of the said confederate Parties, at what Time soever the same should be done, they should faithfully assist each other:

That his Imperial Majesty, and the States General, should at all Times, by all Mcaus, and with all their Forces, protect and defend all the Rights of each other, against the Crown of France and its Adherents:

And other Provisions were thereby made for their mutual Security, as well during the Continuance of die War, as after the Conclusion of a Peace.

Thgt certain separate Articles were also, at or about

A. 1701;

that time, made; whereby the States General maturely considering that France had openly declared in several Courts, That, notwithstanding the most solemn Renun-tiation, diey continued their Pretensions, by Force of Arms, to assert, for the Dauphin, the Succession of the Spanish Monarchy, in case the King of Spain should die without Issue; and also considering what a Blow their State would receive, and what a Prejudice might happen thereby to the publick Affairs and Quiet; did promise, That, in case his said Catholick Majesty should die without lawful Issue, they would, with all their Forces, assist his said Imperial Majesty, or his Heirs, in taking the Succesion of the Spanish Monarchy, lawfully belonging to that House, together with its Kingdoms, Provinces, Dominions, and Rights; and in their obtaining and securing the quiet Possession thereof against the French, and their Adherents, who should directly or indirectly oppose that Succession; and, with Force, repel the Force which should be brought against them:

That, at the Instance of the States General, in pur-' suance of the said Treaty, and separate Articles, our most gracious Lord and Sovereign his most Excellent Majesty King William the Third was invited to enter into the Alliance of the aforesaid Treaty, and into the Agreement of the said separate Articles, and thereupon, for restoring and preserving the publick Peace and Quiet, did afterwards, in the said Year of our Lord 1689, enter into, and, under the Great Seal of England, accept, approve, and ratify, and, in the most solemn Manner, engage and promise religiously and inviolably to observe the same, without violating the said Treaty, or separate Articles, in any Article, or suffering the same, to the utmost of his Power, to be violated:

That in the Year of our Lord 1698, a Treaty was projected and contrived in France, to be set on Foot between his Majesty, the French King, and the States General; for a Partition of the Spanish Monarchy; whereby many large Territories thereunto belonging, were to be allotted and delivered up to France:

That the Tenour and Design of the said last mentioned Treaty, whilst the same was in Negotiation, was communicated to the said John Lord Somers, then one of the Lords Justices of England, Lord Chancellor of England, and Onp of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council: That the said Lord Sommers, well knowing the most apparent evil Consequences, as well as the Injustice, of the said Partition, did not, according to the Trust and Duty of his said several Offices, dissuade, or endeavour to obstruct, its taking Effect; but, on the contrary, having neither Regard to his Majesty's Honour engaged by the said Treaty with the Emperor and States General as aforesaid, to the Trade and known Interest of this Kingdom, or the Peace of Europe, did advise his Majesty to enter into the said Treaty; and did so far encourage and promote the same, that the said Treaty was concluded, and ratified under the Great Seal of England, then in the Custody of the said Lord Sommers-, and thereby the Kingdoms of Naples ami Sicily, the Places depending on the Monarchy of Spain situate on the Coast of Tuscany, or adjacent Islands, comprehended under the Name of Porto Herculo, Orbitello, Tehvnone -

him, the Town and Marquisate of Final, the Province of Guypuscoa, particularly the Towns of Fontarabia and St. Sebastian, situate in that Province, and especially the Port of the Passage, which is therein comprised, with several other Parts and Things of or belonging to the said Kingdom of Spaine, were allotted to the Dauphin for his Share: and the Crown of Spaine, and the other Kingdoms, Islands, States, Countries, and Places, depending thereon, except such Part as aforesaid, which was thereby allotted to the Dauphin for his Share; and the Duchy of herein after mentioned, was given and assigned to the Electoral Prince eldest Son to the Elector of Bavaria, for his Share, toenjoythe sametohim, his Heirs, and Successors forever, never to be molested therein, on any Pretence of Rights or Claims on the Part of the French King, or the Dauphin, or his Issue, Heirs or Successors; nor of the Part of the Emperor, the King of the Romans, the Archduke Charles

16° Mail

13 W. III.

IV Mail

547-

his Second Son, and otbei* Children* or his Ileirs and Commission or Commissions, used his Endeavour to pro- Lord Successors; and the Duchy of Milan was thereby agreed cure a Warrant to be transmitted to him for affixing the Somers' f into be given to the said Archduke, for his Share; and, in Great Seal to the said Commission or Commissions; and Peactnutou Extinction of all Pretensions and Rights, which the said that it might not be known, but that he had it in duo Emperor, the King of the Romans, the said Archduke time.

Charles, all his other'Children, Successors, and Hen's, 4. That the said Lord Somers, contrary to the Duty of might have to the said Succession of &'fume; By which the said several Offices, affixed the Great Seal of England

Treaty it was also further agreed, That, if any Prince to the Ratification of the said Treaty, made in the Year , whatsoever should oppose the taking Possession of the of our Lord if>t)8, not having first communicated the Shares thereby agreed on, as aforesaid, his Majesty, the same to the rest of the then Lords Justices of England,

French King, and the States General, should assist one or advised in Council, with his Majesty's Privy Cquncil,. another against such Opposition, and hinder the same thereupon; and, ut the time of his affixing the Great Seal with all their Power: thereto, one intire blank Sheet, and many other Blanks,

That, by a secret Article -of the said Treaty, in like were left in the said Ratification, with an Intent to be manner ratified under the Great Seal of England, it was afterwards filled up by other Persons beyond the Seas, as provided, That, if the King of Spaine should dre without should lie thought fit.

Issue, and the Electoral Prince of Bavaria should after- 5. That, in the Year of our Lord 1699, another Treaty wards die without Issue, his Electoral Highness of Bava- was entered into, in pursuance of the said Treaty made in ria, his Father, should succeed him in all the Kingdoms, the Year 1698, and concluded by, and between, his Islands, States, Countries, and Places, assigned to the Majesty, the French King, and the States General, and Electoral Prince, as aforesaid, and enjoy the same, to him, also ratified under the Great Seal o then intne

and his Children, Successors, and Heirs, then born, or to Custody of the said Lord Somers; whereby the Kingdom be born; so as neither the Emperor, his Children, nor any of Spaine, in case his Catholic Majesty should die without other Person, should, or might, under any Pretext, form Issue, was agreed to be divided, and many large Territories the least Pretension to that Succession; his Majesty, the thereof were allotted to the Dauphin for his Share: Which French King, and States General, thereby engaging the m- Treaties were evidently destructive of the Trade of this selves to employ all their Power, by Land, and by Sea, for Realm, dishonourable to his Majesty, highly injurious maintaining the Order established by the said secret Article, to the Interest of the Protestant Religion, and munjfesly' relating to the Succession of the Monarchy of Spaine: intended to disturb the general Peace of Euivpe, by altering That the said Treaty was ratified under the Great Seal the Balance of Power therein, and strengthening France of England, then in the Custody of the said Lord Som- against the good Friends, and ancient Allies, of our

> -T o

6. That whereas, by the Laws and Usages of this Realm, all Commissions under the Great Seal of Eng-

viers, as an Agreement between his Majesty, the French Sovereign Lord the King.

King, and States General; notwithstanding the said Lord Sommers well knew', that the same had been concluded between his Majesty's Commissioners and the French land, for the making any Treaties or Alliances with any Embassador, or the Commissioner of the French King, foreign Princes, States, or Potentates, and all Ratifications only; and that the Purport thereof had never been com- under the said ircat Seal of all such Treaties or Alliances, municated to the States General, at the time of the ought to be inrolled, and entered of Record, in the Court Ratification thereof under the Great Seal of England, of Chancery, with, or by, the Prothonotary of the said

notwithstanding the Negotiation thereof in Holland.

Court, for a perpetual Memorial thereof; and that the

2. That, for the more effectual carrying on the said Merchants, and other Subjects of England, having Corn-Treaty, One or more Commission or Commissions was merce or Correspondence in foreign Parts, may not, or were prepared, amended, inlarged, or altered, by the through Ignorance of the same, incur the Pains and sail! Lord Somers, without any lawful Warrant for his so Penalties by the Law due to those who shall any-ways doing; whereunto the said Lord Somers, contrary to the infringe, break, or act contrary to such Treaties; he the Duty of the said several Offices, and in Violation of the said Lord Somers, not minding the Duty of his Office, great Trusts reposed in him, in or about the Month of did not, in any manner, inroll, or enter of Record, or cause September 1698, w ithout communicating the same to the to be inrolled, or entered of Record, any of the said rest of the then Lords Justices of England, or advising in . Commissions or Ratifications, in the foregoing Articles Council with his Majesty's Privy Council thereupon, did mentioned, as by the Duty of his Place lie should and presume to affix the Great Seal of England:ought to have done; but so to do did totally neglect and That no certain Persons of known Honour, Fidelity, omit, in Breach of his said Duty, and in Violation of the and Experience, were therein nominated Commissioners at Laws of this Realm.

the time of the affixing the Great Seal of England thereto; 7. That the said Lord Somers, when the Custody of the

but a Blank, or empty Space, was left in the said Com- Great Seal of England was committed to him, did swear, mission or Commissions, at the time of the sealing thereof, welland truly to serve our Sovereign Ixird the King, and wherein the Commissioners Names were to be afterwards his People, Poor and Rich, after the Laws and Usages of inserted, beyond the Seas; notwithstanding which, an un- this Realm; and truly to counsel the King, and his limited Power was thereby granted to the Commissioners, Counsel to keep, and not to know nor suffer the Hurt or whose Names were therein afterwards to be inserted, as Disinheriting of the King, or that the Rights of the Crown aforesaid, or to either of them, without any written In- should be decreased, as far forth as lie might lett it; and, rtructions whatsoever, to restrain, guide, or direct them in if he could not lett it, that lie would make it clearly and the Exercise thereof, in his Majesty's Name to confer and expressly to be known unto the King, with his true Advice treat with the Commissioner or Deputy, or Commissioners and Counsel; and that he should do and purchase the or Deputies, of the French King, and also with the King's Profit in all he reasonably might; or to that Commissioners or Deputies of the States General, for Effect:

preserving the publick Peace, and touching the Succession And the said Lord Somers afterwards took the said to the Crown of Spaine', and his Majesty dotli thereby Oath, as Lord Chancellor of England. engage himself to approve, ratify, and confirm, whatsoever That the said Lord being Lord Keeper of the

should be thereupon concluded by them, or either of Great Seal, or Lord Chancellor of England, and one of them. his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, whilst this

3. That the said Lord Somers, contrary to the Duty of Nation was engaged in a most tedious and expensive War the said Office of Lord Chancellor, did affix the Great Seal against the French King, for preserving the Balance and of England to the said Commission or Commissions, not Liberties of and almost exhausted with Supplies

having first received any lawful Warrant for that Purpose; and Taxes for carrying on the same, and under such heavy in Hopes of concealing which evil and most dangerous Debts, us, without the utmost Frugality, or laying insiip* Practice, the said LortlSnners, after he had sealed the said portable Taxes on the Commons of England, were Vo l. 13. impossible

X

Lord ‘ ' Somers* Impeachment.

16° Mail, 1701.

impossible to be satisfied, Contrary to his said Oath, did pass many great, unreasonable, and exorbitant Grants, under the Great Seal of England, of divers Manors, Lordships, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Revenues, and Interests, belonging to the Crown of England, amounting to a most prodigious and excessive Value; and did advise, promote, and procure, divers great, unreasonable, and exorbitant Grants to be made of several of the late forfeited Estates in Ireland; in Contempt of the Advice of his Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, and without any regard to his Majesty's most gracious Assurance thereupon to both his Houses of Parliament; and engaged to procure^ and accordingly did procure, divers Acts, prepared for confirming the said Grants in Parliament in Ireland, to be approved in Council in England; and afterwards remitted the same, under the Great Seal of England, to be passed into Laws in Ireland.

8. That the said Lord Somers, during the time of his being Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and Lord Chancellor of England, did not only receive and enjoy the Fees, Profits, and Perquisites, of or belonging to the Great Seal, established by Law, as a sufficient and ample Recompence and Reward for the faithful Discharge of that high Station; but also, as a further Encouragement, through his Majesty's most abundant Grace and Bounty, received an annual Pension, or Allowance, from the Grown, of 4,000l. and many other Profits and Advantages; notwithstanding which, the said Lord Somers, not being contented therewith, contrary to the said Oath, begged and procured, for his own Benefit, many great, unreasonable, and exorbitant Grants of several Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and Revenues, belonging to the Crown of England:

That, in or about the Month of April 1697, the said Lord Somers, being then Lord Chancellor of England, and of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, contrary to his said Oath, did procure and passa Grant under the Great Seal of England, without any real Consideration whatsoever, to Joseph Jekyll Esquire, and his Ileirs for ever, of the Manor or Manors of Rygate and Howligh, with all and singular their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate and being in the Parish of Rijgate or elsewhere, in the County of Surry, and of all Quit Rents, Rents of Assize, Free Rents, Conventionary Rents, Copyhold and Customary Routs, and all other Rents whatsoever, to the said Manor or Manors belonging or appertaining, with the Site of the ruined Castle, and of all other Demesne Lands of the said Manor or Manors, with the Rents reserved on any Leases then in being, of any Parts thereof, and of all other Lands, Meadows, Feedings, Pastures, Messuages, Houses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Dove-houses, Tolls of Market or Fairs, with the Market-house there; and also of all Warrens, Chases, Parks, Commons, Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, waste Grounds, Courts Leet, Courts Baron, and other Courts, Services, Franchises, Heriots, Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, and all other Profits and Perquisites of the said Courts, Rights, Royalties, and Jurisdictions, and of divers other Matters, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances, to the said Manor or Manors, or either of them, or to the Royalties thereof, belonging, or in any-wise appertaining; which Premises were Parcel of the Demesnes and Revenues of the Crown, and of the Value of 12,000l. and upwards:

That, under Pretence of purchasing divers Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, vested in Trusteesfoi4 Sale thereof in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second; the said Lord Somers, in the Year of our Lord 1697, procured a Warrant from his Majesty under his Sign Manual, to the Commissioners of the Treasury then being; to contract, or give Warrant to the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents to contract, with Humphry Hethering-ton Esquire, or such as he should nominate, for as many Fee-farm and other Rents, then remaining unsold, except such Rents as were set apart for Payment of Pensions in the Pension Deeds, as should amount unto 800l. per 12

Annum, at the Rate of Sixteen Years Purchase; and that, upon such Contract, the said Commissioners of the Treasury should give Warrant for conveying the said Rents to the said Humphrey Hetherington, or such as he should appoint, and his Heirs:

That, under the like Pretence, and at or about the same time, the said Lord Somers procured another Warrant from his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, to the said Commissioners 01 the Treasury, to contract, or give Warrant to the said Trustees to contract, with Richard Adny Esquire, or such as he should nominate, for as many Fee-farm and other Rents, then remaining unsold, except as aforesaid, as should amount to 700 /. per Annum, at the Rate of Sixteen Years Purchase; and that, upon the said Contract, the said Commissioners should give Warrant for conveying the said Rents unto the said Richard Aduy, or such as he should nominate, and his Heirs:

That, under the like Pretence, and at or about the same time, the said Lord Somers procured another Warrant from his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract, or give Warrant to the said Trustees to contract, with Samuel Newton Esquire, or such as he should nominate, for as many Fee-farm and other Rents, then remaining unsold, except as aforesaid, as should amount unto boo/, per Annum, at the Rate of Sixteen Years Purchase; and that, upon such Contract, the said Commissioners should give Warrant for conveying the said Rents unto the said Samuel Nexvton, or such as he should nominate, and his Heir's:

That, in pursuance of Warrants of the said Commissioners of the Treasury thereupon, certain Contracts were made, or pretended to be made, with the said Humphrey Hetherington, Richard Adny, and Samuel Newton, for the real Sale of divers Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents of the several and respective yearly Values aforesaid; by virtue whereof, the said Humphrey Hetherington, Richard Adny, and Samuel Nexvton, became obliged to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, for the Purchase of the several and respective Rents to them respectively to be conveyed, as aforesaid, the Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, The said Humphrey Hetherington, 12,800 /. the said Richard Adny, 11,200/* and the said Samuel Newton, 9,600l.

That, in pursuance of such Contracts, or pretended Contracts, through the Power of the said Lord Somers, and by his Means and Procurement, divers Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, were, by certain Indentures Tri* partite of Bargain and Sale, bearing Date on or about the 6th Day of January 1697, in Consideration of 3,200l. therein mentioned to have been paid by the said Humphrey Hetherington, unto his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer at Westminster, or by other Assurance in the Law', granted and conveyed by the said Trustees, by the Appointment of the said Humphrey Hetherington, to Leonard Hancock, of Cheshunt, in the County of Hartford, Esquire, and John Warner, of the Parish of St. Clements Danes, in the County of Middlesex, Goldsmith, and their Heirs:

And, by other Indentures of Bargain and Sale, of the same Date, or other Assurance in the Law, divers other Fee-farm Rents and other Rents therein mentioned, in Consideration of 9,600l. therein mentioned to have been paid by the said Humphrey Hetherington to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer at Westminster, being the Residue of the said Sum of 12,800l. were, by the said Trustees, granted and conveyed to the said Humphrey Hetherington, and his Heirs; which Fee-farm and other Rents, so conveyed unto, or by the Appointment of the said Humphrey Hetherington, amount to the full yearly Value of 800l.

And, by other Indentures of Bargain and Sale, of the same Date, or other Assurance in the Law, and in Consideration of 2,400l. therein mentioned to have been paid by the said Richard Adny unto his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer at Westminster, other Fee-farrn Rents, and other Rents, were, by the Appointment of the said Richard Adny, grained and conveyed by the said Trustees

13 W. III.

i <5° Mail

549

to the said Leonard Hancock and John Wanner, and their Heirs.

And, by other Indentures of Bargain and Sale, of the same Date, or other Assurance in the Law, in Consideration of 8, Boo A in the same Indentures mentioned to have been paid by the said Richard Adny to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer at Westminster, being the Residue of the said Sum of 11,200l. divers other Fee-.farm Rents, and other Rents, therein mentioned, were granted and conveyed by the said Trustees to the said Richard Adny, and his Heirs; which Fee-farm and other Rents, so conveyed to, or by the Appointment of, the said Richard Adny, amount to the full yearly Value of 700 /. per Annum.

And, by other Indentures of Bargain and Sale, bearing Date on or about the 25th Day of April 1698, or other . Assurance in the Law, in Consideration of 2,400l. therein mentioned to have been paid by the sard Samuel Newton to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer at West--minster, other Fee*farm Rents, and other Rents, "therein mentioned, were, by the Appointment of the said Samuel Newton, granted and conveyed by the said Trustees to the said Leonard Hancock and John JVarner, and their Heirs.

And, by other Indentures of Bargain and Sale, of the same Date, or other Assurance in Law, in Consideration of 7,200l. therein mentioned to have been paid by the said Samuel Newton to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer at Westminster, being the Residue of the said Sum of 9,600 /. divers other Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, therein mentioned, were granted and conveyed by the said Trustees to the said Samuel Newton, and his Heirs; which said several Rents, so conveyed unto, or by the Appointment of, the said Samuel Nexvtcn, amount to the yearly Value of 600 /.

That the said several Manors, and Rents aforesaid, were granted to the said Joseph JekylL Humphrey Iietherington, Richard Adny, and Samuel Newton, and their Heirs respectively, as aforesaid, in Trust only for the said Lord Somers, and his Heirs.

9. That the said Lord Somers, in order to procure a Grant of the said Fee-farm Rents, for his own Benefit, whilst he was Lord Chancellor of England, and One of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, whilst his Majesty was engaged in the said War, and the Nation under such heavy Debt9 as aforesaid, did enter into several Treaties, and had many Communications, with divers Persons intrusted with the Care and Management of the said Fee-farm Rents; and particularly with Reginald Marriot, of the Parish of St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, Auditor of the Rates, or acting as Auditor; and with John Digby, of the Parish of St. Brides, London, Clerk of the Trustees for Sale of the said Fee-farm Rents; and other evil disposed Persons: And for encouraging the said Marriott, Digby, and others, to discover to him Such particular Fee-farm and other Rents, as then remained undisposed of, to the Intent the said Lord Somers might beg the same, he the said Lord Somers contracted, and agreed with the said Marriott, to give the said Marriott, for himself and his Accomplices, as a Reward for the said Discovery, One full Fourth-part of all such Rents so discovered, whereof the said Lord Somers should procure a Grant from the Crown: And accordingly the said several Grants from the said Trustees to the said Hancock and Warner, being together of the yearly Value of 500l. per Annum, and upwards, were so made by the Direction of the said Lord Somei's, in Trust for the said Marriott, Digby, and others,

10. That notwithstanding the pretended Contracts and Payments, there was not any Sum of Money whatsoever, really, and bona jide, paid as the Consideration of the Conveyances of the said Rents from the said Trustees*; but such Contracts and Payments of the said several Considerations, amounting* in the Whole, to 33,600l. were colourably and fraudently contrived and made by Direction of the LordSomers, contrary to his said Oath, in*

Deceit of his Majesty, and Elusion t)f the said Acts of Lord Somers* Parliament. Impeach-

ment.

11. That many Quit-rents and Copyhold-rents, standing in Charge as Parcel of, or belonging to, several Manors, or reputed Manors, Rents reserved upon Leases or Estates, the Reversion w hereof Was in his said Majesty King Charles the Second, at the making the said Acts;

Rents conveyed before in Lease, and granted to other Persons; Rents appropriated by, or in pursuance of, Act or Acts of Parliament, for' Payment of Pensions, Stipends,

Salaries, Annuities, Alms, and Allowances, for the Maintenance of Grammar Schools or Scholars, or for or towards the Reparation otChurches, Chapels, Highways, Causeways,

Bridges, Schools, Alms-houses, Castles, or other Uses; and many Quit-rents of Manors, and other Rents, by Act of Parliament, united and annexed to the Castle of Windsor, with Intent to support and maintain the yearly Reparations -and Charges of the said Castle, and discharge and pay the Fees and Wages of the Officers, Servants, and Attendants, at the same Castle, and the Forests, Chaces, and Parks, to the same belonging, and for many Years applied, according to the Intention of the said Acts; and also many Quit-rents of, or belonging to, divers ancient Manors* heretofore, and yet, Parcel of the Demesnes or Possessions of the Crown, as if the same had been intire Fee-farm Rents issuing out of those Manors; were by the aforesaid several Indentures of Bargain and Sale, through the Direction and Power of the said Lord Somers, conveyed, by the said Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, to the said Humphrey Hetherhigton, Richard Ad?iy and Samuel Newton, and to the said Hancock, and Warner, and their Heirs, or unto some of them, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts of Parliament; to the great Vexation and Oppression of many of his Majesty's good Subjects, and creating many new' and unreasonable Charges on other Revenues of the Crown.

12. That by the Direction of the said Lord Somers, the said Humphrey Hethmngton, Richard Adny, Samuel Newton, Leonard Hancock, and John Warner, surrendered several of the said Rents to them granted, as aforesaid, amounting to the yearly Value of 347/. 11$. 5irf. on Suggestion, that the same were either conveyed before iri Lease, set apart for Payment of Pensions, old Supers, bad or illeviable, or Part thereof bad or illeviable, of w rong conveyed: And the said Lord Somers, in the Year of our Lord 1699, being then Lord Chancellor of England, and one of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, in Breach of his Duty, and contrary to thd Laws and Statues of this Realm, procured other Rents, of the yearly Value of 391 /. 0$. 3\d. to be allowed by way of Reprize, and to be conveyed to Richard Adny, and his Heirs, in Trust for the said Lord Somers, and his Heirs, as if the said yearly Rents of 347/. 11$. 5id. so surrendered, had been really, and bona jide, purchased, in pursuance of the said Acts for Sale of Fee-farm Rents.

13. That, in the Year of our Lord 1695, the said Lord Somers, being then Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, as also One of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, together with Edward Earl of Orjord, then First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, and Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Navy Royal, and one of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, Richard Earl of Bellamont in the Kingdom of Ireland, Governor of Nezv-York add New-England, and others, thed in high Stations, and in great Power and Authority, procured a Commission to be granted unto one William Kidd, a Person of evil Fame and Reputation, and since that time convicted of Piracy, to apprehend, and take into his Custody, divers1 Persons therein named, and all such Pirates as the said Kidd should^ meet with upon the Coasts or Seas of America; of in any other Seas or Part*, With their Ships and Vessels, and alsd1 such Merchandizes, Goods* and Wares, as should be, found on board, or with them: And afterw ards the skid1 Lord Somers, in the Year of our Lord 1697, With the Assistance of the said Earl oiOrford, and other Persons

7 A aforesaid,

55°

16* — 17* Mali. 1701.

Lord Somers' aforesaid, procured a Grant from his Majesty; and the Impeach said Lord Somers passed the same under the Great Seal of mCDt' England; whereby all and whatsoeverShips, Vessels, Goods,

Merchandizes, Treasure, and other things whatsoever, 'which, since the 30th Day of April 1696, had been taken for seized upon or with, or did belong to, or which should be taken or seized upon or with, or did or should belong to, Thomas Sooy John Irelands, Thomas Wake, and William Maze, in the said Letters Patents mentioned to have been complained of, and informed against, for committing many Robberies, Piracies, and Depredations, upon the Seas in the Parts of America, and other Places, but never convicted or attainted for the same; or which, since the said 30th Day of April 1696, had been taken or seized upon; ot which did or should belong to any of the Adherents of the said Thomas Soo, John Ireland, Thomas Wake, ?nd William Maze, or any other Pirates, Freebooters, and Sea Rovers, by the said William Kidd, or other Commander of the Adventure Gaily; or which by, or by Means of the said Ship or Gaily, should be taken, or forced on Shore, in any of his Majesty's Plantations of America; were granted unto the said Richard Earl of Bellamont, and unto Edmund Harrison Merchant, Samuel Newton G entleman, William Row-ley Gentleman, George Watson Gentleman, and Thomas Reynolds, of St. Martins, , their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their own sole Use and Benefit, and as their ow n proper Goods and Chattels, without any Account thereof or therefore to be made; in which Grant, the Name of the said Samuel Newton w as used in Trust, and for the only Benefit and Advantage of the said Lord Somers: Which said Grant, under the Great Seal of England, manifestly tended to the Destruction and Discouragement of Trade and Navigation, the great Loss and Prejudice of Merchants and others, being his Majesty's Subjects, or Subjects of the Friends and Allies of his Majesty, and the Dishonour of the King and Kingdom; and the said Lord Somers w as, by procuring and passing the said Grant, guilty of a notorious Breach of his Duty.

14. That the said John Lord Somers, to the great Oppression of the Subjects, and contrary to Magna Charta, and divers good Statutes of this Realm, and in manifest Breach and Violation of his Oath as Lord High Chancellor of England, hath, in several Causes depending before him, by many extraordinary Methods, and unwarrantable Practices, for several Years, delayed Proceedings in the said Causea; and, by colour of his Office, hath made divers arbitrary and illegal Orders, in Subversion of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and hath, of his own Authority, reversed Judgments given in the Court of Exchequer, and without calling before him the Barons of the Exchequer to hear their Informations, and the Causes of their Judgments, as the Statute, in those Cases, expressly directs; assuming thereby to himself an arbitrary and illegal Power: And hath declared and affirmed, in publick Places of Judicature, That particular Subjects might have Rights and Interests, without any Remedy for Recovery of the same, unless by Petition to the Person of the King only; or to that Effect: Which Position was highly dangerous to the legal Constitution of this Kingdom, and absolutely destructive to the Property of the Subject.

And the said Knights, Citizens* and Burgesses, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any further Articles, or other Accusation or Impeachment, against the said Lord Somers; and also of replying to his Answers, which he shall make unto the said Articles, or any of them; and of offering Proofs to all and every the aforesaid Articles, and to all and every other Articles, Impeachment, or Accusation, which shall be exhibited by them, as the Cause shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray, That the said John Lord Somers may be put to answer the said Crimps and Misdemeanors; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be thereupon had and given, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Articles of Impeachment be ingrossed.

Rdsolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the wh >le House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to put out of the Commissions of the Peace and Lieutenancy such of Mr. William Cofcpcper, Mr. Thomas Colepepei\ Mr. David Eolhill, Mh Justinian Champneys, and Mr. William Hammittcm, as were in the said Commissions; his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-morr6w Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahbaiij 17° die Maii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Dame Mary Dillon be referred to the said Committee: And that she be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of George Edu ards Esquire, wras presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Deane, late of Oxenwood, in the County of Wilts, Esquire, did, about the 10th of July 1691, enter into a Recognizance to the Petitioner for 250/. of him borrowed ": That the said Mr. Deane being a Member of this Honourable House, and dying before the Money was paid, or any Part thereof, the Petitioner did make Inquiry into his Estate and Circumstances; and, finding the same incumbered, hath not yet had an Opportunity to discover the Validity and Reality of the same: That the Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill, now depending in this Honourable House, to enMe James Deane, his eldest Son, to sell Part of his Father's Estate; and for settling the other Part on the Children of the said John and James Deane; which Bill, if it should pass, will endanger the Loss of the Petitioner's Money: And praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, for a saving Clause, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for the speedy Discovery and Suppression of Vagrants; and better regulating disorderly Servants; and for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages; be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for separating James Earl of Anglesey from Catharine Countess of Anglesey his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl.

The Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Reasons, how the Seamen came to be discharged, without being paid, being offered;

Ordered^\

Wap and Means.

a

Answer to Address.

Committed

Dillon*

Divorce.

Deane's

Estate.

Servants Wages, See.

Countess of Anglesey's Separation.

Discharging

Seamen.

t. Martin's

arisli

.state.

rivilegc — Person-, ttitious for ischarge.

ij W III.

*7

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for improving the Ground belonging to St. Martin's Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toAlr. Crosse, Mr. Hey sham, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. S/iackcrly, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Chandler; Mr. Mompesson, Sir Thomas Davall, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Austen, Sir Jo. Mordant, Mr. Phips, Mr. Walmesley, Mr. Jer-w, Lord Com bury, Mr. Stretford, Mr. Williams, Sir CAtf. Hot ham, Mr. England, Mr. Braver, Mr. Taylor, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Buchiall, Mr. Musgrove, Sir Ashurst, Mr. Moiinstevens, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Fw/-fer, Sir Ffe/z. Bunbury, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Sir John Kay, Mr. White,. Mr. Lake; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Whiteborough, of Fxcw, in the County of Devon, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read:

And the same relating to the Breach of Privilege against Sir Edward Seyinour; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Until Sir Edwatd Seymour do come into the House.

Mail'. 551

and all other Courts there Which Grievances proceed from the Unskilfukiess of the Governor in the Dutie- of a Chancellor and Chief Justice: And praying that such Remedy may be applied as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howe, Sir Rowland GWynne,

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Ash, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Htysham, Sir Edudrd Ernley, Mr. Hoblyn, Hit Fran-Child, Sir Theophi-lus Oglethorpe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Humphrey Foster, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. England, Sir Edward Turner,

Mr. Taylor, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Lewis, Sir Tho.

Cook, Sir Charles Hot ham, Mr. Vaiighan, Mr. Wollaston,

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Owen, Sir Henry Gough, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Neville, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Lawson, Sir Henry Pickering, Mr. Cox, Sir Arthur Oxven, Mr. Ogle: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into all Mismanagements and Grievances of the said Island of Barbaducs.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed have Leave to go into the Leave at Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Etonian A Bill for the better settling and preserving the Library

brary> kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house,

in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick, was read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

my . A Petition of several Officers, and Persons belonging to raft. the Army, to whom Arrears of Pay, and other Sums, are owing, upon Account of their Services and Disbursements, which, as they conceive, were intended to be paid out of the Irish Forfeitures, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the First of the Petitioners have served very faithfully in their several Stations, and, as well as the latter, who laid out their Money in the publick Service, have his Majesty's Warrants to the Paymaster General of the Forces, for the Payment of their Arrears of Pay, and the Sums expended by them; most of which Warrants the Petitioners brought to the late Commissioners of Accounts before the First Day of September, in hopes of receiving Certificates for the same; but could not*obtain them, by reason the Commissioners had not Power, by the late Act for examining and determining the Debts due to the Army, to meddle in those particular Cases: That the Petitioners are in no likelihood of receiving their said Debts, unless this Honourable House think fit to inlarge the Powers of the said Commissioners to be appointed by the Bill of Accounts now before the House: And praying, That this House w ill take their Case into Consideration; and grant them Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed.

tford Mr. Gulston, according to Order, presented to the inty Gaol. House a' Bill for removing the County Gaol of Hertford: And the same was received.

mistra-" ^etl^on Thomas Modges Esquire w as presented to ot- the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner

ice. and many others, are great Sufferers by the Mal-admini-

stration of Justice in the Island of Barbadoes: That the Court of Chancery, which formerly sat once a Month, and as many succeeding Days as were found necessary for Dispatch of the several Causes there depending, now very rarely sits, being adjourned for Seven Months together; Vol. 13.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Commis-of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and sloners of enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Accoun publick Accounts of the Kingdom, is committed, That they do receive a Clause to enlarge the Time to the late Commissioners of Accounts for taking, stating, and determining, the Accounts of the Army, Prizes, and Transports.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Corrupting w'hotn the Bill for preventing the Corruption of Jurors Jurors* is committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Humphrey Mackworth, according to Order, reported Publick from the Committee, to-whom it was referred to receive Debts. Proposals for paying off the publick Debts, and advancing the Credit of the Nation; and report the same to the House; That they had received a Proposal from the old East India Company; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bur- Old Fast gesses, in Parliament assembled: , Com'

THE Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, in a General Court assembled, do humbly represent, That this Company, having been possessed of the East India Trade above an Hundred Years; and having, at their very great Expence, during the said Time, procured Grants, Privileges, Immunities, and Revenues, in India; and having purchased and erected several strong Forts, Factories, and Settlements; all which are absolutely necessary for the Preservation and carrying on the Trade; and humbly conceiving, That the said Trade will be best carried on, to the Advantage of the Nation, in One general joint Stock, exclusive of all others: To which End, and for that this Company are desirous to manifest their Zeal for the publick Service;

They do therefore humbly propose,

That this Company having advanced the Sum of Three hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds, in pursuance of an Act for raising Two Millions upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of 8/. per Centum per Annum; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies; and the new East India Company having advanced One Million Six hundred and Sixty-three thousand Pounds; and several private Traders the Sum of 22,000l.; making in all Two Millions; for which' the Publick now pay 8/. per Centime

per

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Ways and Means.

Herne's

Will.

552 170 — 190 Mali. 1

per Annum: Which Sums of One Million Six hundred ' and Sixty-three thousand and 22,000 Pounds this Company will pay off and discharge in 10 Payments, in 20 Months Time, and accept the whole 2,000,000 at the Interest of 51, per Centum per Annum, to be paid out of the Fund settled by the said Act; and the said Two Millions to be redeemable in Years, and not sooner;

subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as may be necessary for the Good of the Publick, and consistent with the Preservation of the Trade:

That this Company will be content to admit of Subscriptions of any Persons whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of '*; whereby such Persons may be concerned in the Trade and Fund with this Company.,

East India House, London, Signed,

the 30th of April 1701. By Order of the General Court, Ro. Blackbwne, Secretary.

; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Ga-risons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for Relief of such Persons as have, by Fire, or other Accidents, lost any Exchequer Bills, Malt Tickets, or Lottery Tickets.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better Payment of Debentures for Exportation of Corn.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation for the Circulating and Discharging of Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the transferring the Loans which have been made, pursuant to the Votes of this House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 19° die Mali;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

MR. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne, dated the 25th of February 1698, to betaken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Herne, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill contained, and found the same to be true; and that they had heard Dame Elizabeth Herne upon her Petition; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Rill; which they had directed him to report to the House;

which he read, in his Place; and afterwards* delivered in at the Clerk's Table: tV'here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed / unto by the House.

Ordered, That , the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gower reported from the Committee, to whom Edward* the Bill for confirming a Decree made in Chancery be- D«cree m tween John Edwards Gentleman, . Complainant, and Sir Chance7* Francis Chart on Baronet, and others, Defendants, was committed, That, they had examined the Allegations contained in the Bill, and found the same to, be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;. and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to ,the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered* the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable Richard Bigg to charge jPprt of his B^s Estate in the County of ileytfvrd with the-T^yment ,of ktga. his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be comiqittefl to Mr. Edward Harley, Lord Fairfax, Sir John Nfiye, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr England, Mr. Jerypise, JJri Bertie,

Mr. Eyre, Mr. Gilbert,' Mr. JoliiffefMv/Fyller, $ir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Chctwund, Sir iVilliatn Co?'itpi-, jfe. Hammond, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Bridges, Sir Samuel Barnar* distort, Lord JVm. Pawlet, Mr. Yorke, Mr. MarJces, Mr. Buchiall, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Rayner, Sir Rpwl.Gwypye,

Mr. Byrch, Mr. Harley, Mr. Guts (on, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Cross; 91$ all that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Essex:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Aftempon,

the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ogle, according to Order, presented to the House EIw % a Bill for continuing the Act, made in the 7th and 8th Returai* Years of his Majesty's Reign, for preventing false ami double Returns of Members to serve in Eafliament: And also,

A Bill for continuing former Acts for preventing Thfft on Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders: Apd $e Northern same were received. ' Borders.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Barbtenri the Bill for naturalizing Jane Barkstead Widow, and v£$t- Nat* ing several Mortgages and Securities, P^rt of her late Husband's Estate, in her, whereby she may be enable^ to take in, and let out, her own and her Children's Sto-ney, as there shall be occasion; was committed; TtyaJ they had examined the Allegations therein containedj apd found the same to be true; and that they had ma^e sey$r$. Amendments to the Bill; which they bad cjirecled hipi fa report to the House; which he read in his Place; ang afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where same were once read throughout; and then a Second tirpgj one by one; and, upon the Question severally j)$ thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bg ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mews* to change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to Name, the Surname of Saint John, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Honourable William Howard Esquire, being elect- Morpeth ed Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament Writ, for the County of Northumberland; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Morpeth, in the said County, made his Election to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tot the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of the Honourable William Howard Esquire.

6 Ordered

Gooalp

13 W. III. 19 Mali. 553

I'nfield Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was refer- the Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace was commit-

Chace. red to inquire by what Methods and Means the Waste and ted: And that all come are to have Voices.

Destruction was made in Enfeld Chace, have Power to inquire into any other Abuses of the Duchy of Lancaster'. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Dartmouth,

Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the &c- Elec* Leave of Ordered, That Sir Edward Ernie have Leave to go Borough of Dartmouth-, and also touching the Election t,ons-Absence. into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. *Pr . Winchester; be made upon Saturday

Morning next.

Sending A Petition of the Joyners, Cabinet-makers, Fan-Models makers, and Japanners, in and about the City of London, abroad. in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by their great Labour and Industry, have attained to the curious Arts of Cabinet-making, Japanning, and Fan-making, to excel the most remote Chinas, or Indian: That there are several poor Artificers of this Kingdom employed in the said Works; and there are great Quantities of several Sorts of Commodities of the Growth of Turkey, Russia, and Barbary, and other foreign Parts, expended by the Petitioners in the said Arts, to the Increase of his Majesty's Customs, and Advantage of the Woollen Manufacture: That there are many Persons, minding only their own private Gain, and designing to ruin the Handicrafts of this Kingdom, take all Opportunities of disclosing the said Arts, by sending Models or Patterns abroad to India, and other Places: And praying, That this House will take their deplorable Case into their serious Consideration, and afford them Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Cottouian A Bill for the better settling and preserving the Library

library. kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house,

in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harley, Lord Conmngsby, Mr. Winnington, Dr. Davenant, Sir Richard Onshwe, Mr. Paget, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Roxvl. Gwynne, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Raicney, Mr. Weld, Lord Chene, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir John Packington, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Marqpis of Hartington, Sir Edward Ernley, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. St. Johns, Sir Robert Marsh am, Mr. Tredenham, Colonel Whartrn, Mr. Lewknor, Mr. Stone-house, Mr. Birch, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Goiver, Lord Fairfax, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Shackerley; and all of the Long Robe; and all that serve for the Universities: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Members' Ordered, That the Serjeant do go into Westminster-halb summoned, and Courts there, and Court of Request, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Lord The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against John

Somers Lord Somers were read; and some Amendments were Impeach- proposed to be made to the 3d Article, by adding the tnent‘ Words " Gr Commissions," in Three Places; and the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Ingrossmentamended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the said Articles up to the Lords.

Ord&'edThat Mr. Harcourt do also pray and demand, That the said John Lord Somers do give sufficient Security to abide the Judgment of the House of Lords.

Justices of Ordered, That all for Cornwall, Devon, Wilts, Suffolk,

Peace Quali- Sussex, and Wales, be added to the Committee, to whom fication. y 0 L. 13.

The House being informed, That a Complaint having A Person been formerly made to the House, relating to the Election of the Borough of Totness, which was referred to tions on a" the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine; Member, but that the Committee are discharged from hearing that, and other Causes before them;

And being also informed of a Letter wrotev by Sir Edward Seymour Baronet; and Two Letters wrote by Thomas Colson Esquire, to one Mr. James Buckley, of Totness, relating to the said Election; which Letters were delivered in at the Table; and the same, being shewed to the said Sir Edward Seymour and Mr. Colson, were owned by them respectively; and the same were read;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr.

James Buckley the elder, of Totness, hath endeavoured maliciously to raise and promote Reflections, and scandalous Reports, of Sir Edward Seymour and Mr. Colson,

Members of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. James Buckley be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Harcourt reported, that he had, according to Lord Order, carried up to the Lords the Articles of Impeach- Somers' Im-ment against John Lord Somers; and prayed and de- Peachment-maitded, That the said John Lord Somers do give sufficient Security to abide the Judgment of the House of Lords thereupon.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to receive Irish For-the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures. feitures.

And the Petition of Edmund Stafford and Samuel Dopping Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and others,

Purchasers of Inheritance of Part of the forfeited Estates of Ireland, which lay upon the Table, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Michael Burk, William Burk, James Click, Thomas, John, and Edward Burke, Sons of John Burke, called Lord Bophin, Minors under Age, by their Prochein Ami Robert Lord Ferrers Baron of Chartly, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Doi'othy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossery, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Valentine Browne, Thomas Browne, James Browne, Elizabeth Browne, Margaret Browne, and Frances Browne, all Minors, the Sons and Daughters of the Lord Kenmare, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Lord Bishop of Killaloe, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Clergy of Ireland,

7 B intitled

554

Imh Forfei- entitled to Rent and Chiefries out of the forfeited Estates, ur 5' was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Phiiip Savage Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir William Ashurst Knight was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Catharine Harris, alias Kiss, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Rebecca Viscountess Dowager Falkland, Relict and Executrix of Antony Lord Viscount Falkland, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir John Temple and Antony Guidott, surviving Trustees of Frances Countess Dowager of Tyr-connell, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Earl of Lymerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Francis Earl of Carlingforcl was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Burk, commonly called Lord Bo-phin, in behalf of himself, his Wife, and their Nine Infant Children, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Edward Corker Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Susannah Smith, Widow and Executrix of William Smith Esquire, lately Accountant General and Comptroller of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, who died in that Service, in the North of Ireland, in the Year 1689, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Domvile Baronet was presented to the House, and read.

A. 1701.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Edward Nugent was presented to th# House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Knapp Gentleman was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir Stephen Fox Knight, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Ridgley Nugent was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Christopher' O Bryen Clerk, in behalf of his Mother Catharine O Bryen Widow, and several Children, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Trant, eldest Son, and Heir, of the late Sir Patrick Trant, deceased, on the behalf of himself, and of his Mother, Brothers, and Sisters, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it he referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Dame Anne Stapleton Widow, Relict, and Executrix, of Sir William Stapleton Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Narcissus Lord Archbishop of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Hannah Mac Donnell was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir Robert Beddingfeild Knight, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Captain Thomas Bellerv was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition

19® Mail.

13 W. III. 19°

555

A. Petition of Sir Rickard Rooth Knight, a Creditor of Robert late Baron Kingston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Ignatius Gould Merchant, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir William Russell, of Langhorn, Irish Baronet, was presented to the House, and read. Forfeitures.

Ordered, That' it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Jane Lavallin, an Infant, Daughter and sole Heiress of Patrick Lavallin Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Mary Vernon, the Daughter and Heir of Edward Vernon Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered That it be referred to the Trustees for Ii'ish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Arthur French Esquire, and James FarreU his Son-in-law, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England\ to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Charlotte Talbott, the only Child of Richard late Earl of Tyrconnell, by Mrs. Boynton his First Wife, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in Englandr, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Leigh Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir Daniel Arthur Merchant, was presented to the House, and read.

Oi'dei'ed, That it be referred to the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, who are in England to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House. '

A Petition of Major Walter Delamere was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Helen Arthur, Widow and Relict of Robert Arthur, of Hacketstowne, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, deceased, in behalf of herself, and her Two Daughters Frances and Dymphna Arthur, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Peter Fagan was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Francis de Coreassonet Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, late Wife of Remigius Bermingham Esquire, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Plunket, in oenalf of hmiself, and Catherine his Wife, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

Vol. 13.

A Petition of Sir Robert King Baronet, and William Caulfield Esquire, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of William Butler, for, and on behalf of, Sir Redmond Everard, an Infant, of about 12 Years of Age, and Son and Heir of Sir John Everard, late deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Martin Ellery was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Keightley Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Charles Earl of Abercom, and Catharine Countess of Abercom, his Wife, late Relict of William Lenthall, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Coleman was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to tin's House.

A Petition of William Fownes Esquire, on behalf of himself, and other Purchasers under the Grants of Thomas Keightly Esquire, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of the Lord Viscount Mountjoy was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of

Fact

Irish

Forfeitures

556 19

Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Ellis Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of William Trench Esquire, in behalf of the Discoverers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Alexander Steward, Deputy Lieutenant of the Ordnance of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Nicolas Bagenall, of Place Newyd, in the County of Anglesey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, w ho are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Michael Chamberlaine Esquire, on the behalf of himself, and Christopher his Son, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Colonel Henry Luttrell was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Samuel Dopping Esquire w'as presented* to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Hussy, and Mary his Wife, late Widow and Relict of Charles White, of Liexlip, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, deceased ;' and of John White, an Infant, Son and Heir of the said Charles, by the said Mary; was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Catherine Lutterell Widow, the Relict of Simon Lutterell Esquire, deceased, w>as presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Robert Edgworth Esquire, on behalf of himself, and Catharine his Wife, the sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Edward Tyrrell Baronet, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of William Spencer, of Kilcolman, in the County of Cork, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, w as presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Lord Baron of Cahir in Ireland, a Minor, and Elizabeth Baroness Dowager of Cahir, Widow', w'as presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Maria Eufemia Countess of Lymcrick, the Relict of William late Earl of Lymerick, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Captain Richard Wolsdcy, Captain Charles Meredith, Captain St. John Webb, and Morgan Bernard Gentleman, on behalf of themselves, and others, Tenants to Part of the Estate of the late King James, in Ireland, commonly called the private Estate, was presented to the House, and read.'

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Laurence Nihell was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of

A Petition of Colonel Robert Wolsely, and Captain Richard Wolseley, Executors to Brigadier Wolseley, deceased, w as presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of William Nottingham, late of Ballioxmic, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Edward Singleton was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred tQ the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Francis de la Rue Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Arthur and John St. Leger Esquires w as presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Joseph Mitchell was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered,

by

!$>" Mail.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Irish For* Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of feiiures. Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

13 W. III.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Casar Bradshaw Esquire, Son and Administrator of Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Knight, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Lee, and others, the Executors of Sir John Hely Knight, deceased, late Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Lord Baron of Kingston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Walter Brow Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it.be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Connor Gentleman was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of William Lord Bishop of Kildare, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir William Ccurtnay Baronet was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Dame Alice Mullady, the Relict of Sir Antony Mullady, on behalf of herself, and her Infant Sons by him, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Captain Richard Fitz-Patrick was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Sir John Dillon Knight was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it he referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; add report the same to this House.

A Petition of Mary Skelton Widow was presented to the House, and read Vol.^3.

A Petition of Owen CarrolRichard Barnwell, Walter Pricket, &c. in behalf of themselves, and the rest of those called Protestees in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of jasper Roth Merchant, of London, was presented to the House and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Henry JVcstenra Esquire, in behalf of himself, and several others, Purchasers, under the Earl of Athlone, of the forfeited Estates of the late Earl of Ly-merick, granted to the said Earl of Athlone by his present Majesty, and the late Queen Maty, and since confirmed by an Act of Parliament in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter- of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the 9ame to this House.

A Petition of the Daughters and younger Sons of Dtally Bagnal was presented to the House, arid read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in f.England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Maurice Annsley Esquire was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the*Matter of* Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same tcTfhis House.

A Petition of Elizabeth Wandesford, the Widow and Relict of Garret Faulks Esquire, and of Elis* Foulks her Daughter, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Francis Spring, in behalf of himself and other the English Protestants, Tenants of forfeited Lands in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Anne Hardpany Widow, in behalf of Richard Connell, an Orphan, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Robert Leigh, Son and Heir of Francis Leigh, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Captain Edmund Keating was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of

7 C Fact

Irish Forfeitures.

Committees.

I p°. — 20° Mail. A. 1701.

Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Dennis Molony was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures* who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Purbeck, and Earl of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Captain James Rock was presented to the House, and read. '

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish ^Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Dame Eleanor Wandesford of the City of York, Widow and Executrix of Sir Christopher . Wandesford Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of John Finglas Doctor in Divinity, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of pact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of James Eustas Esquire, of Yeomans toxene, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Joseph Nagle Esquire, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

A Petition of Nicolas Darby was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, who are in England, to state the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition; and report the same to this House.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do, with all Expedition, from time to time, transmit their Reports upon the said respective Petitions to the Clerk of this House.

All the said Petitions, and Papers belonging to them, are bound up by themselves in a Book.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 9. leave out the Word "and."

L. 11, After the Word " Indies" and before the Word " being," insert " Justus Beck, Son of Jacoband-George Beck by Mary his Wire, born at A ms terdam in Holland; Henry Varpoorten, Son of William " Varpoorten by Catharinc-and-Elizabeth his Wife, bora " at Ilamborough; Thomas Bureau, Son of Philip Bureau " by Anne his Wife, born at Niort, in the Province of " Poictou in France; Dirck Wittenoom, Son of Cornelius " Wittenoom by Mary his Wife, born at Amsterdam in " Holland; John Mahlstede, Son of Conrad Mahlstcde " by Helena his Wife, born in the City of Bremen in " Lower Saxony; and Nicolas Garritt, Son of Garrett " Garrit by Barinque his Wife, born at Ravensting in " Germany."

L. 21. leave out the Word "and;" and, after " Johnson," and before the Word "shall," insert "Justus " Beck, Henry Varpoorteen, Thomas Bureau, Cornelius " Wittenoom, John Mahlstede, and Nicolas Garrit."

L. 33. leave out the Word " and."

L. 33. after " Johnson " and before the Word " shall," insert Justus Beck, Henry Vanpoorten, Thomas " Bureau, Cornelius Wittenoom, John Mahlstede, and " Nicolas Garrit

P. 2. L. io. leave out the Word " and."

L. 1 i. after " Johnson," and before the Word " and, " insert "Justus Beck, Henry Vanpoorten, Thomas " Bureau, Cornelius Wittenoom, John Mahlstede, and " Nicolas Garrit."

An ingrossed Bill for vesting a certain Messuage, and Nodes'* Lands, in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate Estate*. of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold; and for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold, for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Mallachy Matlock, Josias Demning, Tho~ flock's mas Turner, William Callway, John Knight, and Henry ^state' Stephens, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1688, one Samuel Mullock, deceased, whose Heir the Petitioner Mallachy Mallock is, and the rest of the Petitioners, did, for valuable Considerations, purchase of Raxclin Mallock Esquire, deceased, several Lands and Hereditaments, to them, and their re-sj)cctive Heirs, with Warranty: That one Raxclin Mallock Esquire hath obtained Leave to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the Lands so purchased; whereby the Petitioners are likely to be greatly damnified: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and have a Clause inserted therein, for the saving of their Right in the said Estates.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Martis, 20° die Mail;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

Loflund's, CIR Francis Massam reported from the Committee, to &c. Nat. O whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adrian Lqfland, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Boxs Committee of the whole House, to consider of the in- 1)lvor grossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Chace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chace

field

ace.

iply Bill i id Tax.

ringWs

ate.

,‘ilcge of liament.

I of

)rd'$ Imminent.

I of

;land's,

Im-

liment

13 w. m.

Mali.

Mr. Chace reported from the said Committee, That they had heard the Witnesses, and Counsel, for the said Parties; and had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he w ould be pleased to give Order, That the Woods cut, and Bark thereof, in Enfield Chace, may be disposed of for his Majesty's Advantage; his Majesty had been pleased to give Order for the same being done accordingly.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to Rectify a Mistake, in the last Year's Tax, of Two Shillings in the Pound; whereby the Hundred of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, is overcharged.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Conyers took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 21° die Maii;

13d Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, to settle a Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children, was read the Third time: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet to settle a Jointure, and make Provision lor his younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Geiy:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, They are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That their Lordships having been desired by the Earl of Orford, that a Day may be appointed for his speedy Tryal, their Lordships, finding no Issue joined by Replication of this House, think fit to give Notice thereof to tins House. Also,

They are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they having, on the First Day of April last, sent up to their Lordships an Impeachment against William Earl of Portland, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, and having also, on the 15th Day of the same Month, . Vox*. 13.

impeached Charles Lord Halifax for High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and there being as yet no particular Articles exhibited against the said Lords; their Lordships think themselves obliged to put this House in mind there* of; which, after Impeachments have so long depended, is a Hardship to the Persons concerned, and not agreeable to the usual Methods and Proceedings of Parliament in such Cases.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Ordered, That the said Amendments to the Bill, inti- Privilege of tilled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniencies that Parliament, may happen by Privilege of Parliament, be'taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will send an Answer to the Answer to said Messages* relating to the said Impeachments, by Lords Mes* Messengers of their own. 5aSes*

And the Messengers w^ere called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom Estates given the Petition of Lewis Gerard, and several others con- to super-ccrned with him, proposing a Discovery of Lands given stiUous Usee* to superstitious Uses, was referred, That they had heard the Petitioners; who not only produced several Witnesses to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, but also an Inquisition taken by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal of England; whereby several Manors, Lands,

Tenements, and Mortgages, therein mentioned, of a considerable Value, were found to be given, and belong, to foreign Seminaries, and other Popish superstitious Uses:

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the encouraging the Discovery of Estates given to Popish superstitious Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Discovery of Estates given to Popish superstitious Uses: And that Mr. Sit. John, Sir Rowland Gxvynne, and Mr. Carterdo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, That they do provide in the Bill, That the said Estates be applied for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, That they do provide, That all Grants of the said Estates from the Crown be vacated.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. BlofeUd, Mr. Kemp, Enfield Mr. Holmes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Trtdenham,

Mr. Carter; and all for Essex; be added to the Committee, appointed to inquire, by what Methods and Means such great Waste and Destruction is made in his Majesty's Chace at Enfield.

Ordered, That Lord Spencer have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Discharging whom it was referred to inquire into the Reasons how the Seamen. Seamen came to be discharged without being paid, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Sir Edward Seymour being in the House; the House Privilege — took into Consideration the Petition of John Whitebrough A Pt*rson in of Exon, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, presented to ^rou^ht the House on Saturday last: And Sir Edward Seymour t]ie ifau acquainting the House, That the said John Whitebrough had made his Submission to him;

Ordered, That the said John Whitebrough be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered,

Half-pay.

Exchequer

Fees.

Privilege — A Person p< litions for Discharge.

Lyn i Work-house.

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Apsley's

Will.

560 , 21 Ma 1701.

Ordered, That Mr. Trelauny, Mr. Dimmock, Mr. St. Resolved\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title John, Colonel Granvill, be added to the Committee ap- be, An Act for the better Performance of the last Will . pointed to inspect tile Papers before the House, relating of Henry Apsley Esquire, deceased, to Halt-pay. Ordered, That Mr. Bracer do carry up the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. H

Ordered, That ail that serve for North and South Wales be added to the Committee appointed to examine into all the Fees received at his Majesty's Exchequer, concerning publick Monies.

A Petition of Alexander Catling, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for endeavouring, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, to corrupt the Electors for the Borough of Bramber, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for having incurred the Displeasure of the House; and begging Pardon for any thing wherein he hath offended: And praying to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Alexander Cutting be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, is committed, be made upon Friday Morning next.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

A Petition of divers Proprietors of the Malt Lottery Tickets, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Fellow-sufferers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That this Honourable House has been pleased to resolve, That the paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, and Malt Tickets, will be a great Encouragement to Trade, and Support of the publick Credit: And praying, a Fund may be provided for effecting the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the ('hair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, uponFriday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 22* die Mail;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better Performance of the Will of Henry Apsley Esquire, deceased, was rea'd the Third time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Present of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Pre- 01 l.>r"tesUtl servation of the Protestant Religion; and for preventing Kel,*lu"‘ the Translation of Bishops from one See to another; is committed; That they have Power to consider of Methods for augmenting small Bishopricks.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for the recovering, securing, and Mjneilfa<i keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Harbour. Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the recovering, securing, and keeping iu Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Commis- ! the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and sioners of enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Accouflti ' publick Accounts of the Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Officers of the Dutch Regiments, under English Pay, to pass their Accounts.

John Whitebrough and Alexander Cutting were, ac- privilege-cording to Order, brought to the Bar: Where they, upon Persons re-their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, pnmanded

Ordered, That the said John Whitebrough and Alex- charged. ander Cutting be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That Sir William York have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Countess of Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, Anglesey's from the Lords, intituled, An Act for separating James Separation. Earl of Anglesey from Catharine Countess of Anglesey, his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee,

That they had heard Counsel for both Parties; and the Witnesses on the Part of the Countess of Anglesey; and had gone through the Bill; and had directed him.to report the same, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Newton and Mr.

Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Davison's for Sale of the Estate of Wm. Davison Esquire, de- Estate, ceased, for Payment of Debts, and raising his Childrens. Portions, charged thereupon, without any Amendments.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Limitation for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better of the Crow 13 securing

'fit

ing's Bench id Fleet isois.

>mmis-)ners of :counts.

ays and eaus.

)mraittces.

fnyot's. c. Nut.

ave of sence.

tate,

13.W.III. aa° —

securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be takeu into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report of the Resolution of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways' and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, which should have been made this Day, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

'll* Mail. 561

Shackerly, Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Ash, Mr. Byrch, Lord Bulkley, Mr. Topham, Mr. Be?'tie, Mr. Blofeild, Mr.*

Bridges, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Chase, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr, Freekc, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lcivis, Mr Gilbert; and all that serve for the Counties of Bei'ks, Oxon, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker'^ Chamber.

Ordered, That Dr. After bury be desired to preach be- Dr. Atter-fore this House, at St. Margarett's, Westminster, upon the b'jr-v 29th Day of May instant: And that Mr. Bromley and j^0^ Mr. Harcourt do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for Theft on preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders Northern of England, was read the First time. orders.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Bartholomew Shower reported from the Committee, Cottonian to whom the Bill for the better settling and preserving the Library. Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house, in the Name of the Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick, was committed, That they bad examined the Allegations therein contained; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered iii at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Veneris, 23° die Mail;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Augustin Pynyot, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gxvynne, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Francis Massam, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Cornbury, Sir Jo. Leveson Gower, Sir Hcn/y Bellasysse, Mr Ogle, Mv.Nevill, Robert Davers,

Mr. Blofeild, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. England, Sir Chi\ Musgrave, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Walmesley, Mr. Lamp-ton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Pope, Mr. Ash, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Tho. May, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Anderton, Mr. Cross, Mr. Mounstevens, Lord Cheney, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Freek: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, which lies upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Walmesly have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Crocker have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Humphrey Hide Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, v'as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Cornbury, Lord Hide, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Nevill, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gulston, Sir Jo. Leveson Gower, Sir Rowland Gwynnc, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Charles Bloys, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Vol. 13.

Mr. Walpole, according to Order, reported from the Lynn Committee, to whom the Bill for the erecting Hospitals Workhouses, and Work-houses within the Borough of King's-Lynn, in the County of Noi'ffolkc, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed, That they, had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-, grossed.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

A Petition of several Colonels of the Army, in behalf army of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, Cloathing. and read; setting forth, That, upon the raising of a Regiment, Cloathing is immediately provided, and to be paid by a Deduction of some Part of the growing Pay, at the Year's End: That Cloathing is always provided for the complete Number of the Establishment, without regard to Defectives, by Loss in Service, or otherwise:

That, in December 1697, near a Third-part of every Rc-

5jment was reduced; and in February following, several legiments were intirely disbanded; and all the Men, by the King's Orders, were to take their Cloaths away; though the same could not be paid for till April following;

That, by a late Method of Accounting at the Pay Office, the Cloathing Part of the Pay, as well as the Subsistence, x is stopped, upon all Respites for defective Men; and no Credit given for the Cloathing Part, but to the very Day the Men were reduced, or disbanded; by which means, the Fund for satisfying the Tradesmen, who furnish the Cloaths, falls short; who have, on that account commenced Suits, and obtained Verdicts in Law, against the Colonels, who contracted with them for the Cloaths on the Regiments Account: And praying, That they may have such Relief, as this Honourable House shall think fit.'

7 D Ordered,

230 Mail.

A. 1701.

Earl of Orford's Impeachment.

Countess of

Anglesey's

Separation.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Trustees Irish for Irish Forfeitures had, pursuant to the Order of the Forfeiture* House, transmitted to the Clerk of the House Seven-and-thirty Reports upon the Petitions to them referred; and several more were expected.

Ordered, That the said Reports be taken into Consi-

deration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Fact to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Paget, Mr. Brewer, Earl of Ranelagh, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Gxvynne, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Howard, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Francis Massam, Lord Fairfax, Captain Soame, Sir Henry Bellassysse, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Jennings, Brigadier Sekcyn, Sir Jo. Leceson Gower, Mr. Bromley, Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Gauger, Mr. Gorge, Mr. England, Mr. Offley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Paunceford: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Bartholomew Shower reported from the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment, That they had considered of the Answer of Edward Earl of Orford, and had drawn up a Replication thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons have considered the Answer of Edward Earl of Orford to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; and do aver their Charge of high Crimes and Misdemeanors against him to be true; and that the said Earl is guilty in such manner as he stands accused and impeached; and that the Commons will be ready to prove their Charge against him, at such convenient Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Replication be ingrossed.

Sir Bartholomew Shower also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That they may have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, that shall be thought necessary to be used at the Tryal of the said Earl; and to proceed in the most speedy and secret Way they can, for the Advantage of the Prosecution.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, that shall be thought necessary to be used at the Tryal of the said Earl; and to proceed in the most speedy and secret Way they can, for the Advantage of the Prosecution.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send some of their Number, to examine Mr. Samuel Shepherd in the Tower.

Ordered, That the said Committee do consider of the Messages from the Lords, relating to the Impeachments; and inspect the Precedents of Messages in relation to former Impeachments; and report the same to the House.

Sir Robert Havers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for separating James Earl of Anglesey from Catharine Countess of Anglesey, his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl, was committed, That the Committee having heard the Counsel for the Earl of Anglesey upon his Petition, and the Counsel for the Countess of Anglesey, and her Witnesses, the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Havers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the 29th Day of 29th of May. May instant, gojto St. Margaretfs, Westminster, at Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply Bill, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax-House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of his Navy,

Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Comyers, according to Order, reported, from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Means* further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That out of the Produce of the several Subsidies, Duties, and Branches of the Revenue, appropriated to the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, the Sum of 3,000l. weekly, to commence from Christmas 1700, be applied for the Service of the Year 1701: And that the Surplus, after 600,000 /. for the Civil List satisfied, be appropriated to the Use of the Publick.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out "3,000," and inserting " 3,700" instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. i

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Year 1701," and inserting "Publick" instead thereof: And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " and that the Surplus, after 600,000 /. for " the Civil List satisfied, be appropriated to the Use of " the Publick:" And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " and that the Residue of the said Subsidies and " Duties be applied to the Use of his Majesty's Houshold " and Family, and other his Majesty's Occasions:" And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That out of the Produce of the several Subsidies, Duties, and Branches of the Revenue appropriated to the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, the Sum of 3,700l. weekly, to commence from Christmas 1700, be applied to the Service of the Publick; and that the Residue of the said Subsidies and Duties be applied to the Use of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his Majesty's Occasions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

That they have Power to make the said 3,700l. weekly, a Fund of Credit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Enfield

CUiace.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire by what Methods and Means the Waste and Destruction was made in Enfield Chace, be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

i3 W. Ill

Sabbati, Mail; 13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

PRA VERS*

240 Mau. '5 63

» ' ' of Lucretia Tipping, an Infant, in Trustees, upon her Tipping's Marriage under Age, in order to the Sale thereof, for a Estate. Portion upon such Marriage, and a Settlement to be made accordingly, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

ad<M£ A PETIT ION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common ien, c. Council, and other Merchants and Traders, of the

City of Earn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, for some Years past, imported and sold great Quantities of Linen Cloth, Canvas, and Wines, from France, Portugal, and Germany, on which great Customs have been paid to his Majesty; but of late, such great Quantities of such Linen Cloth, Canvas, and Wines, have been imported, in a clandestine Manner, from France, and sold at such low Rates, that the Petitioners, and other fair Traders, are thereby utterly incapacitated to carry on their respective Trades: And praying the Consideration of this House, and an effectual Remedy against such Practices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hoblin, Sir Robert Austin, Earl of Dysert, Mr. Birch, Sir John Ltveson Gower, Mr. Offley, Mr. Duke, Mr. Taylor, # *,; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Dewon, Norfolk, and Suffolk, and Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

evisa's An ingrossed Bill for discharging a Mortgage upon the tate. Estate of Peter Trevisa Esquire, deceased; and providing a Maintenance for his Widow and Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa Esquire, deceased; and providing a Maintenance for his Widow and Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Mannaton do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

dwards' An ingrossed Bill for confirming a Decree, made in ecree in Chancery, between John Edwards Gentleman, Complain-incei7- ant3 anci g;r Frances Charleton, Baronet, and others, Defendants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming a Decree, made in Chancery, between John Edwards Gentleman, Complainant, and Sir Francis Charlton, Baronet, and others, Defendants.

Ordered, That Mr. Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

°rii1Cn kt An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court of Request or ma e Conscience in the City "and County of the City of Norwich, for Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Court of Request or Conscience in the City and County of the City oi.Norwich, for Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings.

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to John Fawconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting and making a Cor- Hallifax poration within the Town of Hallif ax, for the better Re- Poor-lief and Government of the Poor there, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lofland's for naturalizing Adrian Lofland, and others, was read the &c* Nat* Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill for removing the County Gaol of Hertford, was Hertford read a Second time. County Gaol.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Gulston, Sir Rob. Marsham,

Mr. Hoblin, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Byrch, Mr.

Mounstevens, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gorge, Sir Richard Cox,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Fuller,. Mr. England, Mr. Soames,

Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Ettenck, Mr. Brereton, Lord Cheney, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Blfeild; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford;

And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Rye Harbour. Goodness was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jane BarsteadW\&ovi; Barstead's and vesting several Mortgages and Securities, for Part of Nat her late Husband's Estate, in her; whereby she may be enabled to take in, and lett out, her own and her Children's Money, as there shall be Occasion; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Jane Barkstead Widow; and vesting several Mortgages and Securities in her, to enable her to convey or assign the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Assaying the Bill for appointing Warden and Assay-masters for Hate-Assaying of wrought Plate, according to the present Standard, and affixing the Britannia Mark thereon, in those Cities where Mints were lately erected for re-coining the Money of this Kingdom, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, Duchy of and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel Cornwall of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and Leasts* for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, reported Discharging from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire Seamen* into the Reasons, how the Seamen came to be discharged without being paid, That they had inquired into the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to

the

v

24 Man. 1701.

Discharging the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards Seamen. delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee directed the Secretary of the Admiralty to attend them; and to lay before them what Orders were given for discharging the Seamen from the Fleet; and what Orders were given for the Payment of the Bounty-money to the Seamen.

The Committee also directed the Commissioners of the Navy to lay before them what Orders they had received from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for paying the Seamen their Wages, and Bounty-money.

Accordingly, the Secretary of the Admiralty attended them; and delivered in to the Committee, from the Lords of the Admiralty,

1. The Reasons for discharging the Seamen from the Fleet, and not paying them on board their Ships:

2. Copies of Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, about paying Wages, and Bounty-money, to Men discharged from the Fleet:

3. Copies of Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Flag Officers and Captains, about discharging Men from the Fleet:

4. Several Precedents for reducing Men from his Majesty's Ships, without paying them their Wages at the tmie of such Reduction.

There was also laid before the Committee a Copy of the Order of the Commissioners of the Navy, received from the Lords of the Admiralty, for solliciting for Money to pay the Seamen ordered to be discharged from the Fleet, for reducing their Complements; with Copies of their Letters to the Treasurer of the Navy; and other Proceedings thereupon.

All which Papers are submitted to the Consideration of the House, the Committee having no other Power than to inquire into the Reasons, how the Seamen came to be discharged without being paid.

The said Papers are as follow;

Admiralty Office, 8* May 1701.

IN pursuance of the Directions of a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to inquire ' into the Reasons, how the Seamen came to be discharged from the Fleet without being paid, there is herewith delivered to the said Committee, Copies of what Orders have been given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for discharging the said Men, and paying them their Wages and Bounty; but, since there was nothing, but Exchequer Bills, to pay them, that it was very uncertain when they could be reduced to Money, and altogether impracticable to pay the Men with the said Bills, by reason of the small Sums due to each Man, it was not thought convenient to send the said Bills to the Place where the Men were discharged, but rather to pay them their Wages, and Bounty, in Town; which is now doing, and to their full Satisfaction: To which may be added, That since the Ships in Sea Pay in April last did require upwards of

28,000 Men, and that there was actually borne on them 26,000, it was judged adviseable to begin with this Reduction, that so a good Strength might be kept at Sea the Winter Months, without exceeding 15,000 Men, one Month with another, the Year round; and, had not this Method been taken, these Men, which, generally speaking, are Land-men, would,- in all Probability, have been kept near Three Weeks longer in Wages and Victuals; which would have cost the Government near 300l. a Day: And to shew, that it has been the common Practice, not only to reduce the Complements of Ships, but even not to pay the Men, so reduced, before the Payment of those Ships they served in, there is herewith delivered as many Precedents thereof, as the Shortness of Time would admit; by one of which, in January 1697-8, it will appear, That the Men of the whole Fleet then in Pay, except some few Ships bound on foreign Voyages, were reduced to their lowest Complements, and no Provision made for paying the said Men, till such time as the Ships they were discharged from were paid.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

Memorial to his Majesty.

THERE being no more than 780,000l. in Prospect for the Sea Service this Year, which will maintain but

15,000 Men, one Month with another, for the 13 Months; we do most humbly inform his Majesty, That there is now about 26,000 Men in Pay; and that, if the Ships employed at home are brought to their lowest Complements, it will reduce them to about 24,000 Men: That, if that Number be kept up all the Month of May, there can be no more employed than 16,000 in the Month of August: If the said 24,000 Men are kept in Pay the Month of June, then there can be no more than 16,000 Men employed in July and August; and 10,000 Men from the First of September to the First Day of January following; which will bring each Month in the Year to 15,000.

Admiralty Office, 26° April 1701.

Pembroke, Mitchell, Churchill. By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

Admiralty Office, 31st March 1701.

Gentlemen,

WHEREAS we have given Orders for the discharging from his Majesty's Ships all such Men, who, either through Sickness or otherwise, are altogether unfit for his Majesty's Service at Sea; and directed, That each Captain shall transmit to your Board, attested by himself, and signing Officers, an exact List of the Names of such Men as they do so discharge, who were entered by or before the 28th Day of this present Month; we do hereby desire and direct you to take particular Care, that, upon Appli-, cation made to you by any Persons contained in the said Lists, the Allowance of Bounty promised by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation to an ordinary Seaman, be made unto them for the maintaining them in their Travelling to their respective Habitations. We are

Your affectionate Friends, Navy Board. G. Rook,

D. Mitchell, G. Churchill.

Admiralty Office, 15th April 1701.

Gentlemen,

WHEREAS the Fleet is now sailed towards the Rendezvous at Spithead; we do hereby desire and direct you forthwith to send thither such of the Clerks of your Office, as you shall think convenient, with Instructions to prepare proper Lists of such Men as have voluntarily entered to serve on board each Ship, according to the Proclamation, that thereby you may be enabled to pay them their Bounty. We are

Your affectionate Friends,

Navy Board. Pembroke,

D. Mitchell, G. Churchill.

Admiralty Office, 17th April 1701.

Gentlemen,

HAVING considered of your Letter of the 7th Instant, and thereupon given Orders to the respective Commanders of his Majesty's Ships to prepare, and transmit unto your Board, Lists of such Volunteers, who entered to serve on board the said Ships betw een the 26th of February last, the Date of his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, and the 26th March following, inclusive; and have been, or shall be, discharged, by reason of Sickness, or other Incapacities for Service; but not to insert in those Lists any best Men, or Volunteers, that have been1, or shall be, discharged from their Ships intirely out of the Service: We do hereby desire and direct, That, when the said Lists shall be transmitted to you, you do pay unto the said

Men

i 3 W. III.

24° Man.

56$

Mon the Bounty promised by his Majesty's aforesaid Proclamation, according to their respective Qualities. We are

Your affectionate Friends,

Navy Board. Pembroke,

Haversham,

Mitchell.

Gentlemen, Admiralty Office, 21st April /701.

WHEREAS we have, in further Explanation to our late Orders to the respective Captains of his Majesty's Ships in the Fleet, for sending up to your Board Lists of such Persons who have voluntarily entered themselves according to his Majesty's Proclamation, directed them to prepare, and transmit to you, Lists of all such Persons who voluntarily entered themselves on and between the 9th Day of February last, the Time prefixed by his Ma-

Treasury for Money for paying them at Broad-street both their Wages and Bounty; we send you inclosed a Copy of the said Order, desiring you to communicate the same to the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and to solicit their Lordships for Money to answer the said Service. We are, Sir,

Your very humble Servants,

Navy Office, Cha.

29th April 1701. Den.

A ronv

A Lopv- Tho.

Cha. Sergison.

Joh n Hill.

Sir,

A great Number of Seamen discharged from his Majesty's Ships, to reduce their Complements, coming to us this Morning for their Wages and Bounty Money; jesty's said Proclamation, and the Six'-and-twentieth Day and many more expected, to the Number, as we hear, of of March following, and have since been, or shall be, 3 or 4,000, or more; and to delay the Payment of them, discharged upon account of Sickness, Incapacity of Ser- though the Lists are not yet come up, being not only a

vice, or otherwise; we do hereby desire and direct you to cause the Men in the said Lists to be paid their Bounty accordingly: And we do hereby acquaint you, That we have sent Orders to the Captains of all his Majesty's "Ships, except those fitted for the (lest Indies, who have their lowest Complements, or more than that Number,

great Hardship and Discouragement to the said Seamen, but also of dangerous Consequence to the Service; the said Men having no Credit here, being Strangers, and being the refore very earnest for their Wages, &c.; we desire you will immediately communicate the same to the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and pro-

not to en*er any more Men, and forthwith to discharge cure Money for their Payment. We are, Sir, their Tenders. We are 1----- l l" c-----

Navy Board.

Your affectionate Friends, Pembroke,

D. Mitchell, G. Churchill.

Gentlemen, Admiralty Office, 28th April 1701. WHEREAS we have given Orders for the reducing the Ships, that are fitted out for Chanel Service, to their lowest Complements of Men; we do therefore hereby desire and direct you forthwith to solicit the Lords of his Majesty's Treasury for Money, not only for paving the Wages of the Men that shall be reduced; but the Bounty Money, to such of them as voluntarily entered

4 n^rVk «f An jr*. m/-1 1 % «n Tk 1 1 ^_* A?

Your very humble Servants,

Navy Office, Haddock,

5th May 1701. at 9 o'Clock in the Morning.

A Copy.

Cha. Sergison, Treasurer.

Daniel Furzer, Cha. Sergison, Den. Lydde'

Jam. Southe

Ben. Tymewell.

By the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

THESE are to give Notice to the Seamen lately discharged from his Majesty's Ships, for reducing their Com-

______ __________ plcments, That the Treasurer of the Navy is soliciting

themselves according to his Majesty's ProclaniationTwe for Money to Pay them ^eir Wages and Bounty; and having ordered the respective Captains to give Tickets to that' 381116 same shall be received, and the Lists shall she Men they so discharge; and to send you Lists of the 601116 UP ^P!11 ^1611 Commanders, they shall be paid ac-Names of such of them as entered voluntarily, as afore- cordingly. Dated at the Navy Office, this 5th May 1701. said, in order to their being paid their Wages and Bounty Richard Haddock,

in Broad-street. Navy Board.

We arc Your affectionate Friends,

Pembroke, D. Mitchell, G. Churchill.

Thomas W

Cha. Sergison,

John Hill,

Jam. Southerne,

Ben. Tymeicell,

Den. Lyddell.

Gentlemen, Admiralty Office, 28th April 1701.

WHEREAS we have given Orders for the reducing By the principal Officers and Commissioners of his the Ships, that arc fitted out for Chanel Service, to Majesty's Navy.

their lowest Complements of Men; we do therefore THESE are to give Notice to the Seamen discharged hereby desire and direct you forthwith to solicit the Lords from his Majesty's Ships, to reduce their Complements, of his Majesty's Treasury for Money, not only for paying That this Morning the Payment of them is begun at the Wages of the Men that shall be reduced; but the Broad-street, and will be carried on till they shall be all Bounty-money, to such of them as voluntarily entered paid their Wages and Bounty. Dated at the Navy

themselves according to his Majesty's Proclamation; we having ordered the respective Captains to give Tickets to the Men they so discharged; and to send to you Lists of the Names of such of them as entered voluntarily, as aforesaid, in order to their being paid their Wages and Bounty in Broad-street. We are

r, , Your affectionate Friends,

Kavy Board. PaUdk,

A Copy. D. Mitchell,

Cha. Sergison.

Office, this 6th May 1701. Copies.

Cha.Sergison.

Cha. Sergison, Jam. Southerne, Den. Lyddell, Ben. Tymeu'ell.

Copy of a Letter to the Commissioners of the Victualing.

Gentlemen,

A great Number of Seamen being discharged from his Majesty's Fleet, to reduce their Complements, and Sir, ordered by the Right Honourable the Lords of the Ad-

HAVING this Morning received an Order from the miralty to be paid at Broad-street-, and many of the said Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, acquaint- Men being already cometo Town; the said Pay will begin ing us. . their Lordships having given Directions for re- this Morning at Broad-street: And therefore we must ducing the Ships, that are fitted out for Chanel Service, desire you immediately to appoint some Person to attend to their lowest Complements of Men; and directing us the said Pay, with Money to satisfy what is due to the said to solicit the Right Honourable the Lords of the Men for Short Allowance; finding, by their Tickets,

Vol. 13.

7E

they

Discharging

Seamen.

24° Man.

A, 1701.

Discharging the y have generally teen at that Allowance. We Seamen. are

Your humble Servants,

Navy Office, Cha. Sergisori,

6th May 170 j. Ja. Sotherne,

A Copy. Den. Lyddell,

Cha. Sergison. Ben. TymewelL

SIX Hundred and Eighty-one of those Men were paid on Tuesday and Wednesday; and the said Pay is carried on in Two Places, for their Dispatch; which gives them great Satisfaction, having their Bounty and Short Allowance Money paid them with their Wages.

Richard Haddock, Cha. Sergison,

Jam. Southerner D. Lyddell,

Tho. Willshaw.

Gentlemen. Admiralty, 17th Feb. 94;

YOUR Letter of the Fifth Instant to our Secretaries, together with the Copy of one from the Commissioners of the Victualing, having been communicated to this Board; This is to acquaint you, in Answer thereto, That it is the JEtna Fireship at Plymouth, and not the Blaze, which is to be fitted for foreign Service; and that the Ships directed to be fitted for the Streights, and foreign Service, are to be victualled for their Middle Number of Men: And we do hereby desire and direct you to cause their respective Complements of Men to be reduced to their Middle Number, and to order the Commissioners of the Victualing to victual them accordingly. So we remain,

Yours, &c.

Navy Board. J. P. R. R. G. R.

Gentlemen, Admiralty, 230 December 1697.

WHEREAS we have given Orders to Captain Edwards, Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships at the Nore and Sheerness, to reduce all the said Ships at the Nore, except those named in the Margin, designed on a foreign Voyage, to their lowest Complements of Men; and to man the Ships designed on a foreign Voyage as well as the others which have not their lowest Complements, to that Complement, out of the Men pressed since March last; and, when he has so done, to give us an Account what Number of Men shall remain aboard the Ships at the Nore, not bound on a foreign Voyage, over and above their lowest Complements, in order to our sending him further Directions thereupon; &nd we having also directed the said Captain Edwards to give you Accounts of the Names of such Ships as he shall reduce, and man to their lowest Complements; we dp hereby signify the same to you; and do desire and direct you to give the necessary Orders therein to your Officers, as to w hat relates to their Part. We are

Yours, &c.

Navy Board. G. R. J. H. J. K.

Defyance,

Ipszvich,

Exeter,

Weymouth,

Adventure,

Betty,

Poole.

By the Commissioners for executing the 'Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

WHEREAS, upon a late Representation, we did direct you to cause to be discharged, from the Ships that then wrere or should come into the Dcrwnes, all such Men, as, either by Sickness, or otherwise, were not fit to serve in his Majesty's Fleet; to prevent Sickness, or other Inconveniencies that might happen by their being kept on board; you are hereby required and directed to take particular Care, that the respective Captains of the Ships that now are, or shall come into the Downes, do transmit to the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, perfect Lists of the Names of all such Men as they shall so discharge, who were entered by or before the 28th of this Month, attested by themselves, and Signing Officers, that so the said Men may receive the Benefit of the Bounty promised by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation. Dated this 31 March 1701.

To John Benbow Esquire,

Rear Admiral of the Blue; or to the chief Flag Officers, for the Time being, in the Downes.

By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

Geo. Rooke, D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

WHEREAS we did, some time since, direct, That Lists should be prepared, and Sent to the Navy Board, of all such Men as voluntarily entered themselves to servfe in his Majesty's Fleet, from the 26th February last, the Date of his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, to the 26th of March following, and have been discharged by reason of Sickness, or other Incapacities for Service; and whereas we are informed by the Commissioners of the Navy, That, in the Lists which have been sent to them by the Captains, there are inserted some pressed Men, and others that have been discharged for Preferment: You are therefore hereby required and directed forthwith to give Orders to the respective Captains of his Majesty's Ships in the Fleet, as they shall come in your Reach, to send, as soon as possibly may be, to the Navy Board, Lists only of such Volunteers who entered within the aforesaid Time, and have since been, or shall be, discharged by reason of Sickness, or other Incapacities, in order to the paying them the Bounty promised by his Majesty's Proclamation; and that they do not insert in the said Lists any pressed Men, or any Volunteers that have been, or shall be, discharged from their Ships intirely out of the Service. Dated this 15° April 1701.

Haversham,

To Sir Cloudsly Shocell, Admi- D. Mitchell, ral of the Blue. Geo. Churchill.

By command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

The like Orders to the other Flag Officers, and Commanders of his Majesty's Ships.

Bound to Constantinople: Falmouth.

Ditto, West Indies Sandadoes Prize, Speedwell, Maidstone, Quinborough. Ditto, Canaries: Loo,

Lyme.

Navy Board,

Admiralty, llth Jan. 9^. Gentlemen,

WE do hereby desire and direct you to cause all his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, now in Sea Pay, to be forthw ith reduced to the lowest Complements of Men established on them, excepting the Ships in the West Indies, and other foreign Parts, and those named in the Margin, which are bound to Constantinople, the West Indies, and the Canaries. We remain

Yours, See.

H. P. G. R. J. H. G. W.

By the Commissioners for executing the sOffice of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c.

IN further Explanation of our late Orders to you for directing the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, of the Squadron under your Command, to prepare and transmit the Navy Board Lists of Volunteers that have or shall be discharged, who entered themselves according to his Majesty's Proclamation, in order to their being paid their Bounty, you are hereby required and directed to order the respective Captains of his Majesty's Ships in the Downes to send to the Navy Board Lists of all such Volunteers who entered themselves on and between the 9th Day of February last, and the 26th of March following; and have since been, or shall be, discharged upon account of

Sickness,

jOOq

litteesr.

on

on, &c.

igeof

ment.

13W.III. 340 Mali. . 5 gj

Sickness, Incapacity for Service or otherwise. Dated this 21st Day of April 1701.

Pembroke\

To John Munden Esquire, Rear D. Mitchell\

Admiral of the Blue, Geo. Churchill.

Downes.

By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

The like Orders to the other Flag Officers and Commanders of his Majesty's Ships.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord ..... Admiral of England, Ireland\ &c.

IN Obedience to his Majesty's Commands signified to this Board, you are hereby required and directed forthwith to give Orders to the respective Commanders of his Majesty's Ships of the Fleet, that are or shall be within your Reach, except those that are already fitted and fitting out for Service in the West Indies, and the Mary Gaily, to reduce the N umber of Men, now belonging to them, to their lowest Complements; and you are likewise to order them to give Tickets to such Men as they so discharge, and to send Lists to the Navy Board of the Names of such of them as voluntarily entered themselves within the Time limited by his Majesty's Proclamation, viz. the 9th Day of February and the 26th Day of March following, inclusive, in order to their being paid hot only their Wages, but their Bounty also, in Broad-street. Dated this 28th April 1701.

Pembroke,

To Sir Chudesly Shovell Knight, Ad- D. Mitchell,

miralof the Blue; or Vice Admi- G. Churchill.

ral Hopson; at Spit head.

By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

The like Orders to the other Flag Officers, and Commanders of his Majesty's Ships.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Report shall be made, from the said Committee, relating to the Abuses in Buying of Seamen's Tickets; and the Methods to prevent buying them at Under-rates.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges arid Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and also touching the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against James Herbert Esquire; be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament: And the same, being read, are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1. instead of " his Majesty's," read " the " King, or his."

L. 15. after " Record," add " at Westminster*;" and, instead of "other Courts of Equity," read " Court of Exchequer, or the Duchy Court of " Lancaster % or in the Court of Admiralty; and in all " Causes Matrimonial and Testamentary, in the Court of " the Arches, of Prerogative Courts of Canterbury and " York, and' the Delegates, and all Courts of Appeal."

L. 21, 22. instead of " when the Two Houses " of Parliament are not actually sitting," read " from " and immediately after the Dissolution or Prorogation " of any Parliament, until a new Parliament shall meet, " or the ^me be reassembled; and from and immediately " after any Adjournment of both Houses of Parliament, " for above the Space of Fourteen Days, until both " Houses shall meet or reassemble."

L. 23. after " may," insert " after such Dissolution, Prorogation, or Adjournment, as aforesaid."

VOL. 13.

L. 24. after "Orders," leave out "and;" and, after "Decrees," add " and Sentences."

L. 27. leave out from " to" to the Second " of," in the 29th Line; and read "subject the Person."

L. 30. instead of "as to their Persons," read " or any other Person intitled to the Privilege of Parliament, to be arrested during the time of Privilege."

L. 34. after " Parliament," instead of ".or/* read " such Person or Persons, after any Dissolution, V Prorogation, or Adjournment, as aforesaid, or before " any Sessions of Parliament, or Meeting of both Houses, " as aforesaid, shall and may have such Process out of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bmch and Common Pleas, " and Exchequer, against such Peer, or Lord of Parliament, as he or they might have had against him out " of the Time of Privilege: And if any Person or Persons, having Cause of Action."

L. 37. after the First " any," add " Dissolution and, alter " Prorogation," add " or such " Adjournment, as aforesaid."

L. 38. after " Parliament," add " or Meeting of both Houses, as aforesaid."

P 0 L 1 } *tave Out " ^eer ^ea^m>or Lord " of Parliament, or."

L. 11. instead of " or may," read " and any " Person or Persons, having Cause of Suit or Complaint, A may, in the times aforesaid."

L. 16. instead of "or other Courts of Equity," read, " Court of Exchequer, or Duchy Court of Lancaster."

L. 17. after " by," add " Letter or," and, after " Subpoena," add " as is usual."

L. 24. instead ot " such," read " any of the " said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, or other."

L. 25. leave out " his."

L. 26. after " Privilege,'* add " of Parlia*

" ment."

L. 28. instead of " the actual Sitting," read " Privilege."

L. 31. after " nonsuited," insert " dismissed; " nor his Suit discontinued."

At the End of the Bill, add the Clauses marked A, B: A: " And it is hereby declared, That no Action, Suit, " Process, Order, Judgment, Decree, or Proceeding, in " Law or Equity, for the Recovery or obtaining any " Debt or Duly now due, or hereafter to be due or payable, unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or " against any Accountant, or Person answerable or liable i€ to render any Account unto his Majesty, his Heirs " or Successors, for any Part or Branch of any of his or " their Revenues, or other Debt or Duty; or the Execution of any such Process, Order, Judgment, Decree, " or Proceedings; shall be impeached, stayed, or delayed, " by or under the Colour or Pretence of any Privilege " of Parliament; yet so, nevertheless, that the Person " or Persons of any such Debtor or Accountant, or Person answerable or liable to account being a Peer of this " Realm, or Lord of Parliament, shall not be liable to be " arrested or imprisoned by or upon any such Suit, Order, Judgment, Decree, Process, or Proceeding; or, " being a Member of the House of Commons, shall not, " during the Continuance of the Privilege of Parliament, " be arrested or imprisoned by or upon any such Order, " Judgment, Decree, Process, or Proceedings."

B: " Provided nevertheless, That neither this Act, " nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to give " any Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority, to any Court, " to hold Plea, in any real or mixed Action, in any other " manner than such Court might have done before the " making this Act."

Clause A being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " declared," and inserting " enacted," in the stead thereof:

And

e68 34° — 2 6* Man 1701.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " Equity," these Words, c< against the " Kings original and immediate Debtor:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments being proposed to be made to the Clause;

Ordered, That the said Clause be referred to the Consideration of a Committee:

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Conyers, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Coxtper, Sir Thomas Powys, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir John Levcson Gower; and all the Members of the Long Robe, or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be adjourned until Monday Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Dartmouth, Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of vScc. Elections. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Dartmouth, in the County of Devon; and touching the Election for the City of Winchester \ be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Lord Somers* A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Impeach- Sir Robert Regard: mCDt‘ Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to deliver to this House a Copy of the Answer oijolm Lord Somers Baron of Evesham to the Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, supposed to be by him committed.

And they delivered the same in accordingly.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Preservation Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

of Protestant night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Religion. ^o consider of the Bill for the better Preservation of the

Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Translation of Bishops from one See to another.

Justices of Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Coun-Peace Qua- ties of Devon, Cornwall, Wilts, Suffolk, Sussex, and Wiales, location. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lwice, 26* die Mali;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

Stanley's A ®^LL to enable Sir Thomas Stanley to charge a Estate. XjL certain Manor, and Lands, in the County of Lancaster, with Three thousand Pounds, for the Payment of his Sisters Portions, and Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Mr. Brotherton, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Ashurst, Sir Tho. Stanley, Mr. Chase, Mr. Byrch, Mr. Musgrove, Mr. Champneys, Mr. Lampton, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Herne, Mr. Crosse, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mompesson, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Markes, Sir Humph. Mack-worth, Lord Cornbury; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

7

Mr. Harley reported from tie Committee, to whom London the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Trust Laodt. transferring a Trust in Lands, belonging to the City of London, unto new Trustees, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them,-That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee, to Dcane'i whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of James Deane; Estate, and for securing the Monies, raised thereby, for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, and also Mr. Edxvards, whose' Petition was referred to the said Con~> mittee, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stazvell reported from the Committee, to whom Mallocki tfye Bill to enable the Sale of some Parts of the Estate of Estate. Rccwlin Mallock Esquire, deceased, for discharging the Monies, Debts, and Charges thereupon, was committed,

That since the Committee had gone through the Bill, some other Persons desired to be heard, than those who had been before heard: And moved, That the Bill may be re-committed, in order thereunto.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Hem's WiH Hern, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Hern, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne Knight* dated the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Heme.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to MewsXav. change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to the Surname of Saint John, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jervoise,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. C/umdler, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Trencluird, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Blofeild, Captain Dyot,

Sir John Kaye, Mr. England, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Herne,

Mr. St. John, Mr. Grosse, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Brexvcr; and all for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Dorsctt: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chace, according to Order, reported from the Box's Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Divorci. Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre, and to enable him to marry again, was committed, That they had

heard

XIW. III. 16°

heard the Counsel and Witnesses of Mr. Bar, to make good the Allegations in the Bill; and had also heard the Counsel and Witnesses upon the Petition of Mrs. Bar; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments; And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

Halifax A Bill for erecting and making a Corporation within Poor. the Town of Hallifax; and for the better Relief and Government of the Poor there; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Fairfax, S\r John Kaye, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Bold, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. England,. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Carter, Mr. Chase, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Geo. Hungerford\ Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ogle, Sir str. Elwes, Mr. Mountagu, Sii' Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Lctwson, Sir Francis Mas-sam; and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Election A Bill for continuing an Act to prevent false and double Returns. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Raising A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand

Militia. Seven hundred and One, although the Month's Pay, for-

merly advanced, be not repaid, was read & Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Privilege of Sir John Lcceson Gower, according to Order, reported Parliament, from the Committee, to whom w>as referred the Consider* alien of the Clause sent down by the Lords* as an Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing any: 1 Inconveniencies that may. happen by Privilege of Parliament, That they had considered the same accordingly; and had made some Amendments to the same; which they, had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and aFe as-follow; viz.

Clause A, L. 4. after " Duty," leave out " now due, " and hereafter to be," and insert* " originally and immediately."

L. 9. after " other," insert " original and " immediate."

And then the House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords, to the said Bill; and the said Amendments, so amended, and also the other Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, were read, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Lcceson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with the said Amendments to the said Clause; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Woollen A Petition of the Clothiers of the Town of Dorchester Manufacture, in Dorsetshire, and Parts adjacent* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find1 a great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; occasioned by Transportation of our Wool to France, and running French Commodities upon their Coasts: And praying; That this House will be pleased Co consider of some^ speedy Means for preserving the Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideraticm'of the scud'PfctWmib^ referred to the Committee, to whom* it was referred to* consider of the Woollen^ M&uufocture/

Vojl, 13.

A Petition of divers English Merchants was presented Trade by to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Merchant foreigners, dize of the native Commodities of this Kingdom, through the Want of a Regulation of Trade, as well as the Linen and other Commodities of Gei'many, Flanders, Holland, and the East Country, are almost wholly devolved into the Hands of Foreigners, w ho negotiate the same by their Servants and Factors, w ho shift their Lodgings w hen any Taxes are to be paid, and enter their Goods in English-men's Names; whereby the King is defrauded of his Customs of their imported Merchandize; and likewise export and import them upon foreign Bottoms, to the Extirpation of our English Merchants and Navigators to those Parts:

And praying Relief, and a Regulation of Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the City of Exeter is referred.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Drapers of the Trade in City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Linen, &c. setting forth, That the Petitioners being importers and Dealers in great Quantities of foreign Linen, which have generally been the Product of our Woollen Manufactures; but, by reason of the great Quantities that have been* and' daily are, 6tolen in upon our Coast, they are much discouraged, and, in a little time, will be rendered incapable of carrying on their Trades; to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Customs, the Discouragement of our English Manufacture of Linen and Canvas, and the Ruin of fair Traders: And praying Redress of the said Grievance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the City of Exeter is referred.

A Petition of Colonel Nicolas Sankey, was presented to Half pay. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner commanded a Regiment the First Campaign in Ireland-y whichi being reduced by the great Sickness at Dunkirk, it was, with others, broke: That the Petitioner had a Pro* mise of Half-pay, till he was provided for; and he* received the same for some time: That the Petitioner served several Years Campaign as Volunteer in Ireland and Flanders; by which he having contracted several Debts, he went to the Isle of Man, to reside; during which time he was left out of the List of broken Officers, laid before this House: And praying, That he may have the same Favour of receiving Half-pay, as other Officers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay shall be made.

A Petition of John de la Croix, a late Officer, who Ditto, served in the late Wars, was presented to the House, and: read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath served, du^ ring the late War, bojth in Flanders and Ireland, and was disbanded on the 14th March 1699: That the Petitioner, being prevented of making his Application to this House, by a severe Fit of Sickness, is deprived of the Benefit of receiving Half-pay: And praying, That he may be admitted into the List of Half-pay, with other Officers of the Army.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay shall be made.

A Petition of several Planters interested in, and Mer- Barbadoes chants trading to, the Island of Barbadoes, on behalf of 4 i perCent. themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors, and Inha- ut^' bitants, of the said Island, was presented to the House, and' read; setting forth, That there is a Duty of and i per Cent, laid1 on the Commodities of the Growth of the said!

Island exported; by an Act of the Country, in Consideration* of the great Charges necessary for the maintaining the Honour and Dignity of his Majesty's Authority there,' the pubhek Meetings of the Sessions, the often Attend* ance of the Council, the Reparation of the Forts, the 7 F , Building

Woollen

Manufacture.

Ditto.

570 Mail A. 1701.

Building of a Sessions House and Prison, and defraying all sent to this House, That the Means to recover this lost other publick Charges incumbent on the Government, as Trade, is, by making all Goods, to be exported, perfect may appear by the said Act, which passed there in Sep- and true, according to the Laws and Statutes in being; tember 1663: That the said Duty hath been ever since and that such Trade be carried on by a Company, to be collected in the said Island by Officers appointed there- erected by his Majesty's Letters Patents, by Leave ot unto, by and under the Directions of the Commissioners this House; and will engage, by voluntary Subscriptions of his Majesty's Customs in England; but the Produce of the Natives and Aliens in England, One Million ot thereof hath been applied to other Uses here than by the Pounds, for and towards such a Trade: And praying, said Act was intended; whereby the Forts, and other That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Ends Fortifications there, are become very much out of Repair, aforesaid; and for the Improvement of the Woollen and in no Condition of Defence: That the Petitioners are Manufactures of this Kingdom, informed. That by the Act passed in the 9th and 10th Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-Year of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for grant- cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ing to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage and Pound? Mr. Freeman and Mr. Blojeild do prepare, and bring in, age, towards raising the yearly Sum of Seven hundred the same, thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Household, the said Duty of apd f per Cent, collected in A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Legard and Barbadoes, is made applicable towards the raising the said Dr. Edisbury:

700,000l.; which, they presume, had not been done, if Mr. Speaker,

this House had been rightly informed to what Uses the The Lords hare passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vexations said Duty was appropriated: And they rather presume so, the more effectual Restraining of trifling and vexatious Suits, for that'it will be a great Discouragement to the Subjects Suits in Law: To which they desire the Concurrence of in the Plantations, to raise Money for the Security and this House. Also,

Support of the Governors thereof, and they shall be "1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lady

taken away, and applied to other Uses: And praying to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Bulke/y "elv'« Relief in the Premises. to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City tat4.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are Debts; wdth some Amendments: To which they desire

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the the Concurrence of this House.

Supply granted to his Majesty. And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of George Harrison, William Aldred, Abraham Vol, Zacheus Skingley, and other the Tradesmen in Colchester, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Woollen Manufactures in and about the said Borough are so considerable, that the Poor of the said Town, for Weaving, and of the Country 20 Miles round, for Spinning, have their Dependence thereon: That, for Supply thereof, Wool is weekly conveyed from London by common Carriers; and, after due Preparation, thence to Spinners in the Country: That the said Carriers, by reason of bad Weather, and divers Accidents, cannot make their weekly Returns, without sometimes exceeding the Hours limited by several Acts for preventing the Exportation of Wool; nor the Petitioners send to their Spinners in the Country, without doing the same: That the common Carriers of this Town have not been known, in Man's Memory, to carry any Wool for Exr portation; notwithstanding which, certain Persons, deputed by the Commissioners in the said Acts appointed, have, of late, presumed to seize , the Wool carrying to Spinners, and several Bags of Wool brought from London in Waggons; which, by the badness of the Weather only, had exceeded a few Hours appointed by the said Acts for their travelling in: That the Persons deputed had no Reason to suspect, that the said Wool was carried with any Intent to be exported, the Horses being out of the Waggons when the Seizure was made: Which Practices, if continued, will be a great Discouragement and Detriment to the Petitioners: And praying, That Consideration and Relief may be had in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

A Petition of Sir Edward Deering Knight, Sir Stephen Evance Knight, John Decide, William Young, Philip Raleigh, William Lawrance, Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and many more, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom are the Jewel and Indies of England; which, rightly managed, is not only the Riches of the Nation, but hath an Influence on the Lands and Condition of all Persons, from the highest to the lowest: That the Exportation thereof, for many Years past, is fallen to Decay in Germany, and other Places, through the ill-manufacture-ing the same; The Petitioners do therefore humbly repre-

Ordered, That the Answer to the Lord Somers to the Lord Soiwn* Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him be read impeach-To-morrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.; ment*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Privilege of Dr. JEdisbtiry: Parliament.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House, to the Amendment, Clause A, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconvenience that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bromley, according to Order, reported from the Enfield Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire by what Methods and Means the Waste and Destruction is made in Enfield Chace, That they had inquired into the same accordingly; and that they had directed him to report the Matter of Fact to the House; which he read in his‘

Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followed!-; viz.

That Mr. Ayloffe, Deputy Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster, presented to the Committee a Certificate from Mr. Westlake to Thomas Earl of Stamford, Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, bearing Date the 25th June 1700:

A Warrant from the Earl of Stamford to Cheek Gerrard Esquire, Clerk of his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, or his Deputy; and bearing Date 4th July 1700:

A Commission of Hugh Westlake Esquire, to cut, sell, and dispose of, Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, in Enfield Chace, during the King's Pleasure; dated nth July 1700, Anno 12* Gul. 3tii:

Articles of Agreement between Hugh Westlake, on behalf of his Majesty, on the one Part, and John Shelley,

Citizen and Vintner of London, on the other Part; bearing Date 13th December 1700.

Mr. Westlake's Certificate to the Earl of Stamford sets forth, That, in Obedience to his Lordship's W'arrant, the 21st of May last past, he had surveyed all the Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, within Enfield Chace, and found the same, consisting of Oak, Beech, and some few Ash, to contain 3,947 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, on every such Acre, one with another, great Part being very thick, may be growing 160 Trees; in the Whole,

631,520

1

i3 W. III. 26° Mail 571

631*520 Trees; whereof the most Part are 30 Foot high: left standing, and so appointed id the Presence of the said Enfield That a great Part are Oak, standing in a very good Soil, Shelley, or Thomas Barnett, oi East Barnett, in the County Chac<}-from 6 to 10 or 12 Inches 'and upwards in Diameter; of Hertford, Gentlemen, or by some sufficient Deputy or and, in time, may be large Timber: That it is necessary Sevant of the said West lake, on or before isle 2 5th March some should be cut down, in order to the better Grow th next ensuing; solas such young Oaks or Ashes shall not be of the rest: and the Wood will be improved thereby, more than reasonably sufficient, well to stock the said and the Deer receive no Damage. Ridings', Square, or Centre, with young, flourishing, and

Wherefore, he humbly conceives, many Thousand single Trees, at the usual Distance from each other.

Trees, together with the Undervvoods, may be cut, and To these Articles there is a Bond, of equal Date*

sold, without prejudice to the Chace and Deer yearly, affixed, from John Shelley, and Thomas Barnett, to West-and for several Years, for his Majesty's Use and Be- lake, in the penal Sum of 2,000l. for Performance of nefit, . Covenants.

His Majesty's Warrant to the Earl of Stamford requires Sir Bazil Firtbrass, Woodward and Master Forester of him forthwith to prepare a Warrant, to pass the Duchy Enfeild Chace, informed the Committee, That, in the last Seal, impowering Mr. Westlake the Surveyor, according Civil Wars, there was such Waste and Destruction made to a Survey by the said Westlake lately made of all the of this Chace, no Timber was left; and it has been the Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, within the Chace of constant Care of the Crown, ever since the Restoration, Enfeild\ at all seasonable Times, yearly, by the Directions to preserve the young Trees and Timber, even to the re-and Orders, flora time to time, of the said Earl, during straining those from cutting, who have, by their Offices, his Majesty's Will and Pleasure, to cut, sell, and dispose & Right to Fee-wood; but that, of late, very great Q*un-of, all such Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, within the tides of Wood, of all Kinds, there, as Ulme, Ash, Horn-said Chace, as may be conveniently cut, and disposed of, beam, and fine thriving young Oaks, of about 30 Years without Destruction of the Chace, or Prejudice of such Growth, likely to make good Timber, have been £ut Fee-wood, as is or shall be yearly due, and of ancient down, under Colour of a Commission for making*4* Right belonging to the Officers within the Chace; the Ridings.

Money, after all Charges and Fees deducted, to be paid He acknowledged, some new Ridings he thought neces-to the Receiver General of the Duchy; to be applied and sary; and when he heard of this Design, he, with Consent

disposed of for his Majesty's immediate Use, in such of Sir Henry Bellasise, and Mr. Lister, who have Walks

manner as his Majesty shall, from time to time, direct. in this Chace, and in the Presence of the Verderers, did

The. Earl of Stamford's Warrant to Cheek Gerrard set out and appoint several Ridings, in proper Parts of

Esquire, or his Deputy, directs him to prepare a War- the Chace, as, by a Writing under the Hands of the Ver-rant, to pass the Duchy Seal, directed to Hugh Westlake derers appears: That Mr. Westlake, without any Regard Esquire, Surveyor, &c. according to the Directions of to the same, made a new Plan, setting out other Ridings; his Majesty's Warrant, bearing Date i°July L700, there- and has allowed one John Shelley, a Alan of little Sub-with sent. stance, under Colour of the aforesaid Contract, to fall and

The Commission to Mr. Westlake recites the King's dispose of Wood in the Chace, for making Ridings: Warrant to the Earl of Stamford, and the Earl of St am- That 2 or 300'Workmen have been employed in it for, ford's Warrant to Air. Westlake; and that Westlake having some time; and have observed no Method in falling the lately surveyed the Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, in Trees, nor in leaving any standing at usual Distances; Enfeild Chace, and certified, that considerable Quantities but have generally cut the best Trees, and gone to all may be yearly cut, felled, and disposed of for his Ala- Parts of the Chace for them, leaving others smaller, not jesty'sUse, without Destruction of the said Chace, or Deer so thriving, nor likely to make good Timber: therein, commands him, according to the said Survey, and That he has seen the Articles betwixt Westlake and, such further Directions and Orders as the said Chancellor Shelley; and knows Trees are cut in several Parts of the of the said Duchy shall, from time to time, give for that Chace, not mentioned in them:

Purpose, at all seasonable Times, yearly, during his Ma- That the Trees are cut a little above Ground; not jesty's Will and Pleasure, to cut, sell and dispose of, all grubbed any of them up; and, as if their Alasters were, such Woods, Underwoods, and Trees,' within the Chace, ashamed of what they have done, the Workmen have as may conveniently be fallen, and disposed of, w ithout De- covered the Stools with Moss, to hide them: struction of the Chace, or the Vert and Cover of the Deer, That he verily believes the Brush-wood alone of the or Prejudice to the Fee-wood due to the Officers of the Trees fallen, is worth as much as Shelley is to give

Chace; having due regard to the Law's and Statutes of for all;

the Realm, made for the Preservation of Woods, and for That he complained to the Earl of Stanford, in the saving and preserving the Springs of the Woods to be Painted Chamber, of this Waste and Destruction of the cut: And that, upon every Sale of Wood, the Con- Wood; who said, He had the King's Orders; and would, tractors pay the Money to the Receiver General of the go on, unless the King forbid him: And, speaking further Duchy; who, by Warrant from the Chancellor of the to the said Earl of the burning Charcoal in the Chace, Duchy, is to pay such Sums as shall necessarily be ex- which, he heard, was intended, he answered, He had the pended in Execution of this Commission; the Residue Kings Order; and, in a slighting Manner said, If he had to be applied to his Majesty's Use, as he shall direct: any Complaints, he might put them in Writing, and And that all Contracts, Bargains, and Sales, of the said bring them to his Lodgings; but he has been, at other Woods and Trees, shall be reduced into Writing; the times, so treated by this Earl; and his Lordship's Prosame to be delivered to the Clerk of the Revenue, to be ceedings have been, in many Instances, so arbitrary, that, produced as Occasion shall require. he is quite discouraged from applying to hirn for Remedy

The Articles of Agreement between Mr. Westlake, on upon any Complaints whatsoever: the Behalf of his Majesty, on the one Part, and John Shel- That the ancient legal Method of the Chace has not of the other Part, set forth; That, in consideration been observed in setting out this Wood to be fallen: That of 1,044/. to be paid Westlake by Shelleyx ..in Manner the proper Officers within the Chace have been superseded therein mentioned, and in Consideration of the Covenants doing their Duty by the Chancellor's Order; for that the to be observed by Shelley, Westlake grants, bargains, and Warrants for cutting Wood ought to have been directed sells, to the said Shelley, his Executors,' Administrators, to the Master of the Game and Deer, the Woodward and and Assigns, for ever, great Quantities of YVood, Under- Bailiff, the Ranger, and divers Tenants: That the Homage wood, and Trees, in the said Articles specified; contain- should have valued it: The Chancellor afterwards is to thing in the Whole, 261 Acres, or thereabouts, except rect the Sale; and the Keepers are to see it made: and reserved all young thriving Oaks and Ashes, then That no Wood ought to be disposed of, till valued by growing on the respective Ridings, or within the intended the Verderers; and an yearly Account ought to be given Square or Centre, as should be thought convenient to be to the Homage; That they know no su<?h Officer in the

Vot.13. Ch m

Enfield

Chace,

572

26° Mail. at.

Chace as* a? Surveyor: However, the Earl of Stanford, without consulting the Officers of the Chace, and with the Surveyor of the Duchy only, has, in a summary Ways proceeded, and directed the Cutting, Falling, and Disposing, of the Wood, to the great Waste and Destruction thereof, and'Injury of the Chace and Deer.

That, discoursing one Day with Mr. WestlaliC about this selling the Wood* Mr. Westlake told him, He would not sell, without reserving a Third Part to himself; offered him the Liberty to come in for a Share in the Contract and Sale: Which Sir Bazil Firebrace refusing, Mr. West-lake desired he would not speak of this again; but said* K he did he would* forswear it.

Sir itozi/^produced to the Committee a Valuation of the Wood in Cockfosters Riding, amounting to 155/. 2 s. o di all Charges deducted; though the same, he says, was sold for about 44/.

He says, No publiGk Notice was given of this Sale of the Wood, that so it might have been sold to the best Bidder.

Samuel Mitchell, Foreman of the Jury, in the Chace* and William Bosgrave, Tho. Harrison, and Henry Cole, Verderers, acquainted the Committee, They had taken tk particular Account of the Trees* lately fallen, and in--tended to have been fallen, if not stopped by the Address of this House; and find the same to be as followeth: That 3,981 Oaks, being young, thriving Trees, are cut down in the Ridings, and remain upon the Ground* besides many carried away:

That 2,791 Oaks more were intended to be cut down in the Ridings, if not prevented by the late Stop put to the falling the m:

That 239, being the worst Oaks, are marked for Standards* to be left in the Ridings:

That 2,709 Oaks, now standing in the Square, were intended- to be cut down, but preserved by the late Stop to the falling them:

So that, besides Trees carried av remain, upon the Ground; Oaks cut d<

Oaks intended to be cut down in^ the Ridings -J

Oaks intended to be cut down in^ the Square -J

In all

That the several Ridings, where the Wood is cut down, contains 28*6 Acres, all wooded, without Plains, which make, of Woodland-measure, 580 Acres:

That the Square contains 360 Acres; of which 294* Acres of the Wood are fallen:

That 73 Loads and an Half of Bark now lie in the Chace: That several Ridings are almost cleared, and the-Trees and Wood carried away:

Samuel Mitchell further says, That in one Riding, he counted 400 Oaks cut down, and only 9 of the least and worst were left standing.

Charles Wilford, Keeper to Sir Bazil Firebrace, says, That in cutting and falling the Trees in Enfeild Chace, no Regard has been had to any Ridings: That they havO gone into all Parts of the Chace for the best Trees: That they are cut off above-ground, the Stools covered with Moss in many Places, that they might not be discovered, and not any grubbed up:

That, on Wednesday the 14th Instant, about 9 in the Morning, he disturbed the Workmen, as they were falling the Trees, and told them of the Votes of this House; they went with him to one Moson, Mr. Westlake's Kinsman, and Shelly; who answered to the Votes, They signified nothing without an Act of Parliament; and that they would go on: And though the Order for stopping the cutting was with them about an Hour afterwards, the Workmen continued cutting till 6 at Night.

William Bosgrave says, Five of the Workmen told him, They worked all the next Day till 6 at Night, cut down and barked.

Mr. WestlaJcc produced a Plan to the Committee, with the Ridings set out, as they were intended to be made t 6

ay, there )wn

2,79*

2,709

3,98!

5^500

- 9^481

He owned, the Ridings in his Plan were something different from those set out by Sir Bazil Firebrace, and die Verderers; and that the latter was only signed by them; but said, They were shewed his Plan* and consented to it; which Sir Bazil Firebrace, and the Verdfcrers, posh tively denied.

He said, The Earl of Stamford directed him in the setting out the Ridings, and falling the Wood, to advise with the Verderers, and observe their Orders:

That the Contract with Shelley was only for 261 Acres J but that 400 were intended to be cut dbwn; and that Shelley was to give for them at the Rate of 4/. an Acre; though this was only' a verbal Agreement, and appears not in the Articles of the Contract:

That there^ was any such Conversation with Sir Bazil Firebracey as is mentioned in his reserving a Third P*rt of die Wood for himself, is absolutely denied; but he remembers, at another time, discoursing with Sir Bazil about the* Wood; Sir Bazil desired he would reconcile him to the Earl of Stamford; and then they might make a good Hand of the W7ood*:

That there was no publick Notice* of the Sale, he confesses; but he thought he sold* it to the best Advantage:

That he received an Order for stopping the cutting the Wood, which was in* the Chace, on Wednesday the 14th Instant, about 10 or 11 a Clock in the Morning; and believes the Workmen gave over Work* immediately.

Mr. Joel Gascoyne, who was employed by Mr. West+ lake to survey this Chace, says, The Plan delivered in to the Committee, was approved by Sir Bazil Firebrace, and the Verderers:

That the Earl of Stamford told him, the Plan was shewed to the King in November last; and that his Majesty approved it:

That the Trees cut down, he judges, may be worth* one with another, 2$. 6 d. a Tree:

That the Trees fallen in the several Ridings have been numbered, and he takes them to be 3,020; and that none have been carried away, to his Knowledge.

John Boson, says, The Oaks left in the Chace were of the best Trees he could mark out: That the Plan was shewed to the Verderers, and they approved it

Thomas Barnett says* He first contracted with Mr. Westlake for the Wood in Cockjoster's Riding, at 5/. per Acre; afterwards for the W'hoie, at 4/. per Acre round.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That great Waste and Spoil hath been committed in Enfeild'Chace,. belonging to his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, by destroying great Quantities of Wood, and young Oaks, to th» great Damage and Prejudice of the Publick.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Earl of That the Destruction of the Wood and young Oaks iiv Stamford Enfeild Chace, hath happened through the Neglect 0PceMUr<d* Duty* and Breach of Trust, of Thomas Encl of Stamford, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TetoforfteYea*§&§£!? }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be laid before his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Wayi and at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a, Committee of the Means* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Con&mtttw

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

o

13 W. III.

27

Mmi,

573

Martin's

sh

ite.

eft on irthern rders.

lection

.eturns.

me of bseice.

Martis, 27* die Maii;

13" Willielmi, Anno 1701.

-tford lirty Gaol.

ew Way 1 Liacoln's-n-fields.

Prayers.

MR. Cross reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Ground belonging to St. Martins Parish was committed, That they had considered the same, and had made one Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gulston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for removing the County Gaol of Hertford w*as committed, That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England,\ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ogle, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Shack-erly, Sir Henry Bellasysse, Colonel Oglethorpe, Mr. Hyde, Earl of Ranelagh, Mr. Bold, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Freeke, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Geo. Hungerjord, Sir Jei'v'ois Elwes, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Topham; and all that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing an Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyddall have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Humphrey Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of Cavendish JVeedon Esquire, and others, relating to the new Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln s-inn-felds, was referred, That they had examined the Matter thereof, and had come to several Resolutions; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee having examined the Allegations contained in the said Petition of Mr. JVeedon, it appeared, That, by an Act made the last Sessions of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln's-innfolds, and Places adjacent, a Tax w as given for making the said new Way before the 25th Day of March, then next ensuing; viz. The Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence a Quarter upon all Hackney Coaches within the Bills of Mortality; and the like Sum upon Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, within the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Andrew s Holbourn, St. Clement Danes, St. Dunstan's in the West, and St. Bride's, for the Term of Six Years; with Liberty to borrow Three thousand Pounds, at Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, the better to expedite the said Wray:

Vol. 13.

That the said Tax on the said Coaches amounts unto Three hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum; and the Carts, Cars, Tumbrels, and Drays, to Ninety-three Pounds per Annum; in all, Four hundred and Forty-three* Pounds per Annum; but, deducting the Charges in collecting the same, the clear Product of the said Act is Four hundred and Thirteen Pounds per Annum; which, at Six Year$ End, in all, amounts to the Sum of Two thousand Four hundred Seventy-eight Pounds:

That, by the said Act, Eighty-nine Feet of Jackanapes-alley was granted to be sold towards the said Way; which is accordingly sold for One hundred and Five Pounds; and the Materials of the old Houses were sold for Sixty Pounds: So that the whole Value given by the said Act is Two thousand Six hundred Forty-three Pounds:

That the Petitioner Mr. Wcedon, to serve the Publick, effected the said new' Way Six Mouths sooner than the Time limited by the said Act: And it appeared, to the Committee, that he underwent very great Trouble, Charge, and Hazard, in executing the said Act, when other the Commissioners would not venture to join in the same:

That the Committee also having examined the Allegations contained in the Petition of Shem Bridges and John Thornicroft Esquires; as also of Jane Dring, an Infant, on behalf of herself and Tenants; it did appear, That the said Mr. Bridges and Mr. Thornicroft were, by the said Act of Parliament, to be paid for their Houses, that were to be pulled down for making the said new Way, the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred Pounds; That no Person being willing to lend any Money upon the said Act, the Petitioner Mr. IVeedon, and Two other of the Commissioners named in the said Act; viz. Mr. Atwell and Mr. Turner; assigned the said whole Tax, and Jackanapes-altey, in Mortgage, to Mr. JVotton and Mr. Tawnesend, in Trust for Mr. Bridges and Mr. Thornicroft, for the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred Pounds; whereby they claimed Interest for the said Two thousand Six hundred Pounds; which amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds, or thereabouts: But the said Act being deficient to make good the same; and the said Mr. Bridges and Mr. Thornicroft being willing, Mr. JVeedon, who had nothing left but the Sixty Pounds for the said old Houses, to carry on the said Way, as also all other Persons, should be satisfied their Damages on account of the said Way> having agreed to wave their Interest; which being deducted, there appears due unto the said Mr. Bridges and Mr. Thornicroft, upon the said Act, the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred Pounds for their Principal, and Seventy-two Pounds for their necessary Charges they have been put unto by reason of the said Act;

In all, the Sum of - - 2,672 0 o

It did also appear, upon the said Mrs.

Drings Petition, That she, and the Proprietors, and Tenants on both Sides of the Way; viz. Mr. Houghton, Mr. Rich, Mr.

Norton, Mr. East, Mr. Hawes, Mr. Foster, and Mr. JValkei*; have sustained real

Damages, to the Sum of - - - 455 0 d

And to Mr. JVeedon, for all manner of Charges, Expences, and Demands, in making the said new Way, as by his Bill appeared ----- - 1,021 7 7

Which said Three Sums above-mentioned do amount unto the Sum of - 4,148 7 7

And the Profits arising by the said Act, amounts unto the Sum of 2,643 0 0

So that the Act falls short, and is deficient, the Sum of - - - -1,505 7 7

Which is Sixty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven-pence more than the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and Interest, at Six f. per Cent, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of Four thousand and Eighty Pounds, given by the said Act of Parliament.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions following; vizk

7 G Resolved,

l

Gooffl*

Army

Arrears.

Half-pay.

tipping'i

Estate.

574 270 Maii. ... A. 1701.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner Mr. JVeedon, and the other Petitioners, have fully proved the Allegations contained in their said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the new Way made out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln s-imijHelds, pursuant to, and by the Authority of, the late Act of Parliament, is of great Benefit and Advantage to the Publick: And that the Deficiency of the said Act, amounting to the Sum of One thousand Five hundred and Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven-pence, ought to be made good.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Deficiency happens, by reason there are not a sufficient Number of Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, charged by the said Act of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Humphrey Maekxcorth and Mr. fir other ton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Daniel dc Petit Rose, Lieutenant Colonel, and others, Captains and Officers in Major General La Mcloniere s late Regiment of Foot on the English Establishment, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth, That the Petitioners have faithfully served his Majesty both in Ireland and Flanders, for which there are considerable Sums due to them; and could never get Payment, or a fair Account, from their Colonel: That there is great Stoppages made out of their Subsistence, for which they applied themselves to the late Commissioners of Accounts for Redress; but, Provision being made for Payment of the Petitioners otherwise, they had no Power to intermeddle therewith: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, now before this House, for in-larging the time to the said Commissioners to examine and state the Petitioners Accounts, as they shall for the rest of the Army.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause to make Provision for the stating the Accounts of the Regiments disbanded iri Ireland; and for the Hospitals.

A Petition of William Berry, Captain in Brigadier Lang-storis former Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Regiment was incorporated into other Regiments of Horse in Flanders, in August One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-tw o; and the Officers were then commanded to do Duty in those Regiments; and his Majesty ordered them the like Subsistence of other Horse Officers of their Qualities, till they should be otherwise provided for; in pursuance whereof, *he Petitioner has received, all the other Officers being provided for long before, Subsistence to the Twenty-third of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven; but no longer: That all other Officers, that were disbanded at the Conclusion of the Peace, have received Half-pay, and the Petitioner only excluded, though he was continually in the Service: And praying, That he may have the Benefit of receiving Half-pay with the rest of the Officers of the Army.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Tabic, until the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay, shall be made.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate 1 of Laci'etia Tipping an Infant, in Trustees, upon her Marriage under Age, in order to the Sale thereof, for a Portion upon such Marriage, and a Settlement to be made accordingly, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Stawell reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable the Sale of some Parts of the Estate of Mul!ocl» Rawtin Matlock Esquire, deceased, for discharging the ktate. Monies, Debts, and Charges, thereupon, was committed,

That they had considered the same, and the several Petitions to them referred; and that they found the Allegations contained in the Bill to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents, to the Satisfaction (rf the Committee; and that they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same welt once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Momptsson, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hallifkx Mounst evens, Sir Richard Cow, Sir Row I. Guynne, Mr. Meredith, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Blofcild, Mr. Bridges,

Sir Fran. Massamf Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Graham, Mr. Hammond, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Peirpoint,

Mr. White, Mr. Howard, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Soamcs, be added to the Committee, to whom the Eill for erecting and making a Corporation within the Town of llallijax, for the better Relief and Government of the Poor there, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Tytheof Gulston, Mr. Anderton, Mr. Blrfcild, Mr. Davie, Mr.

Bartie, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cross, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for preventing Multiplicity of vexatious Suits; and for settling and ascertaining the Tythe of Lead-ore; in the County of Derby, was committed.

The Answer of the Lord Somei's to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him was, according to impearh-Order, read; and is as followeth; viz. meat.

The Answer of John Lord Somers, Baron of Evesham, to the Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Fmgland, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors supposed to be by him committed.

THE said Lord Somers, saving to himself all Advantages of Exception to the said Articles, and of not being prejudiced by any Words, or Want of Form, in this his Answer; and also saving to himself all Rights and Privileges belonging to him, as One of the Peers of this Realm; for Answer to the said Articles, humbly saith,

1. To the First Article, That, he believes, the now Emperor of Germany, and the States General of the United Pi'ovinces, being, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, engaged in a War with France, a Treaty and Alliance was concluded between them; and a separate Article then made, to the Effect in this Article mentioned; and that his Sacred Majesty did afterwards enter into, ratify, and approve, the same; to which Treaty, separate Article, and Ratification, for more Certainty thereof, he referreth himself: And further saith,

That, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-and-eight, his Majesty, before he left England, was pleased to tell him, That some Intimation had been given to the Fail of Portland, when in France, that the French King.inclined to come to an Agreement with his Majesty concerning the Succession to the Crown of Spain; and afterwards, in August One thousand Six hundred Ninety-and-eight, his Majesty being then in Holland, and the said Lord Saniers at Tunbridge Wells, by his Majesty's Permission, for Recovery of his Health, Mr. Secretary Vernon communicated to him a Letter he had then receive^ written by the Earl of Portland, by his Majesty's Order; wherein it was mentioned, that Count Tallard, who was then Ambassador from the French King to his Majesty,

GooooIp

13 W. Ill, 2 7° Mail '

575

had declared, an Accommodation might be found out in relation to the Succession of Spain, in case of that King's Dehth; and that his Majesty had sounded France upon what Terms an Agreement might be made; and the Conditions were near of this Nature; viz. That the Electoral Prince of Bavaria should have the Kingdoms of Spain, the Indies, the Loiv Countries, and all that depends upon the Spanish Dominions, except the Kingdom of Naples and Sicily, Sardinia, the Province of GuypuScoa on this Side of the Pyreneans, Fontarabia, and St. Sebastian, Finally and the Places in Tuscany, of which Spain then stood possessed; in Consideration of which France was absolutely to renounce the Right it pretended to the Succession of Spain; and Milan was to be given to the Archduke, Second Son to the Emperor; and that his Majesty commanded the said Mr. Secretary to speak to him, the said Lord Somers, touching that Matter; and that his Lordship should discourse it with those he thought he might trust with that Secret; which to keep with the utmost Care was, by the said Letter, mentioned to be of the highest Importance: And, at the same time, the Lord Somers received a Letter from his Majesty, signed by himself, intimating, that Count 7h//r/rrfhad made some Propositions touching an Agreement with his Majesty, concerning the Succession of the Kingdom of Spaine, the which the said Earl of PortlandvtovAA write to Mr. Secretary Vernon, to the end his Majesty might have some Opinions upon that Affair, which required the greatest Secrecy, and in which no Time was to be lost, if that Negotiation were to be carried on; and, for that End, his Majesty thereby commanded the said Lord Somers to send full Powers to him, under the Great Seal of England, with Blanks for the Names of Commissioners to treat with Count Tallai'd; which his Majesty, by the said Letter, was pleased to say, he believed, might be done secretly, that none, but the said Lord Somers, and Mr. Secretary Vernon, and those to whom the said Lord Somers and Mr. Secretary should communicate it, might have Knowledge thereof; and that the Clerks, who were to write the full Powers, might net know what they were; or to the like Eftect: And the said Lord Somers did immediately return the Earl of Portland's said Letter to Mr. Secretary Vernon, and desired him to communicate the Contents thereof to the Earl of Orford, and the now Lord Hallifax, Two of the then Lords Justices, who, as he was assured, were then in Town; and also to such others as they and Mr. Secretary Vernon should think fit; who, in regard of the Kings Command to have that Affair kept a Secret, thought fit to impart it to the Duke of Shrezt}shury only, as the said Mr. Secretary afterwards acquainted the said Lord Somers; and, some time afterwards, the said Lord Hallifax came down to the said Wells, and Mr. Secretary Vernon coming thither also about the same tim$, they and the said Lord Somers had discoursed together concerning the said Proposal: And the said Lord Somers, by Letter dated the Eight-and-tw'entiethof August One thousand Six hundred Ninety-and-eight, did, as his own Thoughts, and as what he apprehended to be the Result of their Consideration, humbly represent to his Majesty; First, That the Entertaining of such a Proposal, as was mentioned by Count Tallard, seemed to be attended with many very ill Consequences, if the French did not act a sincere Part; but that they were soon at Ease as to any Apprehension of that sort, being fully assured, his Majesty would not act, but with the utmost Niceness, in an Affair, wherein his Glory, and the Safety of Europe, was so highly concerned: That the Second Thing the y considered was, the very ill Prospect of what w'as like to happen upon the Death of the King of Spain, in case nothing was done previously towards the providing against that Accident, w'hich seemed probably to be very near, the King of France then having so great a Force in such a Readiness, that he was in a Condition to take Possession of Spaine before any other Prince could be ready to make a Stand; that his Majesty was the best Judge whether that was the Case, w'ho was so perfectly informed of the Circumstances of all Parts abroad; but, so far as related to England^ it would be want of Duty not . Vo l. 13.

to give his Majesty tins clear Account, That there was a Lord Somers* Deadness and Want of Spirit in the Nation universally, so Impcach-as not at all to be disposed to the Thoughts of entering intp ment* a new War; and that they seemed to be tiredout with Taxes to a Degree beyond what w7as discerned, until it appeared upon the Occasion of the then late Elections; that That was the Truth of the Fact; upon which his Majesty would determine what Resolutions were proper to be taken t The remaining Consideration was, What would be the Condition of Europe, if the Proposal took place ? but of That they thought themselves little capable of judging; but, it seems, that, if Sicily was in the French Hands, they would be intirely Masters of the Levant Trade; that, if they were possessed of Fivall, and those other Sea Ports on that Side* w'hereby Milan would be intirely shutout from Relief by Sea, or any Commerce, that Duchy would be of little Signification in the Hands of any.Prince; and that if the King of France had possession of that Part of Guypuscoa, which is mentioned in the Proposal, besides the Ports he would have in the Ocean, it did seem, he would have as easy a Way of invading Spaine on that Side, as. he then had on the Side of Catalonia: 13ut it was not to be hoped, that France should quit its Pretensions to so great a Sue-; cession, without considerable Advantages; and they were assured his Majesty w ould reduce the Terms as low as could be done, and make them, as far as was possible in the then present Circumstances of, Things, such as might be some f oundation for the future Quiet of Christendom, which all his Majesty's Subjects could not but be convinced was his true Aim; and, if it could be brought to pass. That England might be some way a Gainer by that Transaction, whether it was by the Elector of Bavaria, who w'as the Gainer by his Majesty's Interposition in that Treaty, his coming to an Agreement to let the English into some Trade to the Spanish Plantations, or in any other Manner, it would wonderfully endear his Majesty to his English Subjects.

That it did not appear, in case the Negotiation should proceed, what was to be done on his Majesty's Part, in order to make it take place; whether any more was required, than that the English and Dutch should sit still, and France itself was to see it executed; and, if that were so, what Security ought to be expected, that, if by their being Neuters, the French should be successful, they w ould confine themselves to the Terms of the Treaty, and not attempt to make further Advantages of their Success?,

And the said Lord Somers suith, That, after the Writing of his said Letter, he had no Account whatsoever, nor heard any thing, of the said Treaty, or knew or heard, whether the same was proceeded upon, or not, until towards the latter End of September following, when he was acquainted by Mr. Secretary Vernon, that he had received an Account, that a Treaty, relating to the Succession of the Crown of Spaine, had been adjusted, concluded, and sign: ed, by the Commissioners named by his Majesty for that Purpose, and the Ambassador and Plenipotentiary of the French King: And the said Lord Somers doth deny, that the said Treaty of Partition, or any Proposition for such Treaty, or the Transaction thereof, was communicated to him the said Lord Somers; nor was he acquainted with the same, or the Design thereof, or any other Matter relating thereto, at any other time, or in any other Manner, before he was told of the Concluding and Signing thereof, as aforesaid, than as is herein before-mentioned to be done by his Majesty, as aforesaid, and by his and the said Earl of Portland's Letter herein before-mentioned: And the said Lord Soma's doth deny he did, at any time whatsoever, advise his Majesty to enter into the said Treaty, or any way encourage or promote the same; but, having made the Objections before-mentioned, in his said Letter to his Majesty, against the Propositions so communicated to Kim as aforesaid, and clearly laid open such Thoughts and Observations as occurred to him upon the said Matter, he did thereby, as he conceived, fully and faithfully discharge his Trust, and the Duty, incumbent on him: And the said Lord Somers further saith, That afterw ards Mr. Secretary Vernon did acquaint him, that be had recceived, by his Majesty

57#. 2 7 jjou

Lord Sowers'* Majesty 's Command, a Copy of the Treaty relating to the Ninety-and-nine, another Treaty was entered into, and

Impeach- Succession to the Crown of Spain, and of Two secret Ar- concluded between his Majesty, the States General, and

mcm* tides relating to the Matter of that Treaty; and that he the French King, to such or such-like Effect as in this Ar-

had likewise'his Majesty's Command to prepare the In- tide is mentioned; to which Treaty, for more Certainty struments for the Ratification of the same, and to leave thereof, he referreth himself; And denieth, that he had Blanks therein for the Names of the Commissioners of the any Knowledge of such Treaty, or any Transaction in or-Stales General; arid accordingly the said Mr. Secretary der thereunto; save only that a Draught of the said Treaty did prepare the said several Instruments, and did bring the was read over in the presence of divers of the Lords of

same, so prepared, to the said Lord Somers, to pass the his Majesty's Privy Council, whereof the said Lord Somers

same under the Great Seal; which was done accordingly, was One: to which Draught the said Lord Somers, as well the said Lord Somers having a good and lawful Warrant so as others then present, did make several Objections; but tb do; and the said Ratification was transmitted to his they were informed by his Majesty's Plenipotentiaries for Majesty, to have the same perfected in his Presence: transacting the said Treaty, who were then also present,

Which Treaty, and secret Articles, were to such or the That the said Treaty was so far perfected, that nothing

like Effect as in this Article is set forth; but, for more could then be altered therein; and his Majesty afterwards, Certainty, he refers himself to the said Treaty and Articles, by his Warrant, requiring the Ratifying of the said And the said Lord Somers, not being privy, in any Treaty under the Great Seal, he did affix the Great Seal other Manner than as aforesaid, to the said Treaty, or the to such Ratification, being, as he conceives, obliged so Transaction thereof, doth not know when, or in what to do.

manner, the same was communicated to the States 6.'To the Sixth Article, he saith, He conceives it was General. not incumbent upon him, as Lord Chancellor, to seethe

2. 3. To the Second and Third Articles, the said Lord Commissions or Ratifications, in this Article mentioned, Somers saith, That he having received his Majesty's ex- inrolled; the same being prepared, and brought to the press Commands, by his Letter mentioned in his Answer Great Seal, by the Secretaries of State, ready ingrossed; to the First Article, to send to his Majesty full Powers, and, when sealed, taken away by them, and the original: under the Great Seal of England, for negotiating the said Treaties remaining in their Custody; but the Care of in-Treaty, with Blanks for'his Majesty's Commissioners rolling th^ same, if necessary, doth, as he conceives, belong Names; which, he humbly conceives, and is advised, was to the Prothonotary of the Court of Chancery, d sufficient Warrant for him to pass a Commission under 7. To the Seventh Article, he saith, That, when the the Great Seal for that Purpose; and the same being Great Seal was committed to his Custody, he took the prepared in the usual Form of Commissions of full Pow- Oath of Office to the Effect in that Article set forth; and, Crs with Blanks for Commissioners Names, according to during the time he had the Custody thereof, he did care-his Majesty's Direction, he did affix the Great Seal to the fully, diligently, and honestly, endeavour.to keep the said same; and the said Commission was sent to his Majesty, Oath; and hopes and believes he hath duly observed the then in Holland\ to be perfected in his Presence, by insert- same; and doth acknowledge, That, during the time he ing the Names of such Persons as his Majesty should think was Lord Keeper and Lord Chancellor, he did pass several fit to commissionate therein, as, he conceives, might legally Grants to divers Persons of several Lands, Tenements, be done; which Commissioners were to receive their and Hereditaments, belonging to his Majesty in Right Instructions from his Majesty for the Execution of their of the Crown of England; but saith, That, before any of said Power, together with the said Commission, in usual them came to the Great Seal, the same were regularly Manner: But what Instructions, or whether any Instruc- passed through the proper Offices, and brought, withsuf-ttons, in Writing, were given to the Commissioners, in ficient Warrants, for the Great Seal; and believes more relation tb the executing the said Power, the same no- considerable Grants have passed, in the like Number of \vays concerning the Lord Somers, he knows not; And Years, in most of his Predecessors Times; and conceives, the said Lord Somers saith, He did desire his Majesty, that and is advised, that, being required by his Majesty, by a particular Warrant for the said Commission, which had proper Warrants, to pass the same, he ought so to do: been before sent by Mr. Secretary Vernon to his Majesty, And denies, That he did ever advise, promote, or procure, as he informed the said Lord Somers, for his Signing, any Grant to be made to any Person whatsoever, of any might be signed, and returned; not that he doubted his forfeited Estate in Ireland, or did procure any Act or Bill, Majesty's said Letter to be a sufficient Warrant, but for prepared for confirming any such Grant in the Parliament that such Warrant might be more proper to be produced, in Ireland\ to be approved in the Privy Council in E?ig~ if Occasion should require, than his Majesty's said Letter; land: And saith, That, what Bills of this Nature were which, by reason of other Matters therein contained, ought remitted under the Grea^ Seal of England, to be passed not to be produced without his Majesty's Permission, and into Laws in Ireland, the same w^ere first approved, and which is now made use of by his Majesty's gracious passed, in the Privy Council iti England, according to the Leave: And the said Lord Somei's further saith, That tisual Form in such Cases; and being so approved, were, his Majesty having, by his ow n and the Earl of Portland's by Order of Council, sent to the said Lord Somers', who Letter before-mentioned, directed that his Majesty's said was, by the said Order, required to affix the Great Seal Commands should be kept secret, he did not communi- thereto.

cate the making of the said Commission, otherwise than to 8. To the Eighth Article, he saith, He did, during the Persons mentioned in his Answ er to the said First the time he had the Custody of the Great Seal, receive the Article. Profits and Perquisites thereto belonging, which, before

To the Fourth Article he saith, That Mr. Secretary his Time, were become very inconsiderable; and did also Vernon having prepared, by his Majesty's Command, the receive an annual Pension or Allowance from his Majesty Instruments for Ratification of the said Treaty, with of Four thousand Pounds, bring the like Pension that had Blanks therein, as is before set forth, he did affix the been allowed to several of his Predecessors: But denies, Great Seal to the said Ratification with such Blanks; that he did ever beg, or use any Means to procure, any which he conceives, and is advised, he might lawfully Grant whatsoever from his Majesty, for his own Benefit: do: And having also his Majesty's Command, that the But saith, That what his Majesty was pleased to give him said Treaty should be kept secret, he did not communicate proceeded from his Majesty's own Motion, and of his the same to the rest of the then Lords Justices, or his mere Bounty, and, as his Majesty was pleased to declare Majesty's Privy Council; which besides, he conceived, was upon that Occasion, as an Evidence of his gracious Ac-drinecessary to be done, in regard his Majesty had then, ceptation of the said Lord Somers s zealous Endeavours for by his Commissioners perfected the said Treaty; so that his Service; and the same was done without any previous the same could not be altered. Solicitation by him the said Lord Somers, or any other, to

5. To the Fifth Article, the said Lord Somers saith, his Knowledge or Belief; and that, in the Year One

He believes, that, in the Year One thousand Six hundred thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, his Majesty, of his

7 ' own

13 W. III. i? Maii.

577

own Motion, did grant, for the Benefit of the said Lord Somers, the Manor or Manors of Rygate and Rowley, as in the said Article is mentioned; but the same was, and is, far short of the Value thereby suggested: And the said Lord Somers further saith, He never pretended to purchase, in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, any of the Fee-farm Rents, or other Rents, vested in Trustees for Saje; but his Majesty taking notice, that several of the said Ffee-farm Rents, and other Rents, so vested in Trustees, were unsold; and the said Trustees being, by the Acts of Parliament vesting in them the said Rents, declared to hold the same for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; his Majesty did, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, of his own Motion, without any Solli-citation, Procurement, or Means, used by the said Lord Somers, acquaint the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or some or one of them, That it was his Majesty's Pleasure, that Two thousand One hundred Pounds per Annum of those Rents should be granted to, or for the Benefit of, the said Lord Somers, and his Heirs; and that all proper Methods should be used for vesting the same for his Benefit, as of his Majesty's free Gift; and the said Acts of Parliament having directed, That the said Trustees on Sales should convey the said Rents pursuant to Contracts to be signed by the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, or any Two of them, for the Satisfaction of the said Trustees only; and according to the Method that had been used, from the Time of making the said Acts, in parsing Grants of any of the said Rents, even such as were merely of the Bounty of his Majesty's Predecessors, and of his Majesty; such Warrants were made by his Majesty to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract, or give. Warrants to the Trustees to contract, for the said Rents; and such Contracts were, pursuant thereunto, made; and such Grants of the said Rents were passed, as in the said Article is mentioned; and the Money, mentioned in such Contracts, was, for the Perfecting of his Majesty's said intended free Gift, discharged by Tallies struck for that Purpose: And the said Lord Somers saith, The said Contracts were not intended or designed to make the Grantees of the said Rents appear to be Purchasers; but the said Lord Somers always acknowledged he received the said Grants of his Majesty's Bounty; and, he humbly conceives, it was lawful for him so to accept the same.

9, 10. To the Ninth and Tenth Articles the said Lord Somers saith, That, after his Majesty had given such Direction to the Lords of the Treasury for granting Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, to the yearly Value aforesaid, for the Benefit of the said Lord Somers, and his Heirs, and after Warrants were signed by the Lords of the Treasury to the said Trustees, for making Contracts for conveying Rents of the said yearly Value, for the Benefit of the said Lord Somers, it did appear, that the said intended Contracts and Grants could not be perfected; for that neither the Lords of the Treasury, nor the said Trustees, were sufficiently informed what Fee-farm Rents, or other Rents, remained undisposed of; so that the whole Benefit of his Majesty's intended Bounty would have been lost, without. Information could be granted of such particular Rents: And the said Lord Somers being informed, that Reginald Marriott, and John Digby, in this Article named, were the most likely, if not the only, Persons capable to give Information therein, Application was made to them for. that Purpose; and the said Marriott and Digby, being so applied to after the said Warrants of his Majesty, and the said Lords of the Treasury, were executed, as aforesaid, did refuse to give any Account of such Rents, unless they might have, as a Reward for their so doing, Rents amounting to near a Fourth-part of such Rents, whereof they should give such Account, 'conveyed in Trust for. them, in such manner as in the said Article is mentioned; which the said Lord Somers did, as he conceived, he lawfully might, it being only to his own Loss and Prejudice, comply with; not in order to any such End as is suggested in the said Article, but that he plight perfect

the Grant before designed and appointed to be made to Lonj SomeiV him by his Majesty of his own free Will, and not at the Imp?ach-said Lord Somers's Solicitation; the Discovery of any of ment* the said Rents not being made by the said Marriott and Digby, or any other Person, till after the said Warrants of his Majesty, and the Lords of the Treasury, as aforesaid; and accordingly the several Grants, in this Article mentioned, were made to Hancock and Warner, in Trust for the said Marriott and Digby, as was affirmed to the said Lord Somers: And the said Lord Somers saith, There was not any Sum of Money paid as the Consideration of the Grants of the said Rents; but the Contracts were made, and the Payment of the several Considerations thereof were discharged, in the Manner, and for the Reasons, herein before set forth; and were not colourably. or fraudulently contrived, in Deceit of his Majesty, or Elusion of the said Acts of Parliament.

11. To the Eleventh Article the said Lord Somers saith,

He believeth, that several of the Rents, mentioned to be granted in Trust for him, as aforesaid, had been before granted to other Persons by the said Trustees; and that others of them were not in the Power of the said Trustees to grant; which was, and is, very much to his Prejudice: And believes the game were inserted by mistake^ Informations given touching the same, and not out of any Design; and the like Mistakes have frequently happened in other Grants of other of the said Rents: And denies, that, to his Knowlege or Belief, any of the said Rents, so granted for his Benefit, were ever united or annexed to the Castle of Windsor for any Purpose whatsoever; or that any Oppression or Vexation hath happened to any of his Majesty's Subjects, by Reason of the Granting of any of the said Rents, and, as he believes, little or no new Charge to the Crown.

12. To the Twelfth Article the said Lord Somers saith,

That, his Majesty having designed, of his Bounty to him the said Lord Somers, and his Heirs, Fee-farm and other Rents, to the annual Value in the said Grants mentioned; and the said Trustees having covenanted, as was usual for them to do, that they had not njade any former or other Grant or Conveyance of the said Rents, or any of them; and Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three-pence Farthing per Annum of the said Rents, so granted as aforesaid, having appeared to be granted before, or not to be grantable, by the said Trustees, or not leviable on Surrender of such Rentp; the said Trustees, by Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, who were thereunto sufficiently authorized, in Lieu and Satisfaction of the said Rents, and Arrears thereof, and in Discharge of the Covenants of the said Trustees, did, the Twenty-first Day of October One thousand Six hundred Ninty-and-nine, grant diver? other Rents, amounting to the yearly Value of Three hundred Ninety-one Pounds and Three-pence Halfpeny, to,

Richard Adney, and his Heirs, as in the said Article is mentioned, which were not so granted, as if the said yearly Rents of Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three-pence Farthing had been bona fide, purchased, but was in Lieu and Reprize for the same as granted of his Majesty's Bounty, for the Benefit of the said Lord Somers, and his Heirs, as aforesaid; which, he conceives, might be, and was, lawfully done.

13. To the Thirteenth Article the said Lord Somers saith, He doth admit, that, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, he then being Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, his Majesty, being informed, as the Truth was, that Thomas Too, John Ireland, Thomas Wake, and William Maze, and several other of his Majesty's Subjects in his Plantations of America, had associated themselves, and did frequently commit great Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, on the Seas in th*

Parts of America, and other Parts, to the Hinderance and Discouragement of Trade and Navigation, for preventing the said Mischiefs, did grant a Commission, as in this Article is mentioned, unto William Kidd, in this Article named, who w as the Commander of the Ship called tfip. Adventure Galley, and was opt then; to the Knowlege

7 H or

578

<27° Maii.

A.-1701.

Lord Somers* oY Belief of the said Lord Somers, esteemed a Person of Impeach- jj pamc or Reputation, to apprehend, seize, and take into *clU' his Custody, the said Thomas Too, John Ireland, Thomas Wake, and William Maze, and all such other Pirates as he should meet with in the Seas of America, or any other Seas, with their Ships and Vessels, and such Merchandizes, Monies, and Wares, as should be found on board, or with them, and to cause such Pirates to be brought to a legal Tryal; the Granting of which Commission was then apprehended to be necessary for the Preservation of Trade and Navigation. And the said Lord Somers doth also admit, That a Grant, dated the Seven-and-twentieth Day of May One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, did pass under the Great Seal of England, as in this Article is mentioned; whereby, reciting the said Commission so granted to the said William Kidd, and that thp said Adventure Galleij was, with his Majesty's Know-lege, and Royal Encouragement, bought and fitted out to Sea, for the Execution of the said Commission, at the Charge of the Earl of Bellamont, Edmund Harrison, Samuel Newton, William Rmcley, George Watson, and Thomas Reynolds, in this Article named; his Majesty for encouraging and rewarding the said Undertaking, did grant unto the said Earl of Btdlamont, Edmund Harrison, William Rowley, George Watson, Thomas Reynolds, and Satnuel Newton, who was named by and in Trust for the said Lord Somers, their Executors and Administrators, all and whatsoever Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and other Things whatsoever, which, since the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand Six hundred Ninety-six, had been taken or seized upon or with, or did belong to, or should happen to be taken or seized ifponor with, or which did or should belong to, the said Thomas Too, John Ireland, Thomas Wake, and William Maze, or their Adherents, or any other Pirates, by the said William Kidd, or other Commanders of the said Adventure Galley, or which, by, or by Means of, the said Ship or Galley, should be taken, or forced on Shore, on any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, so far as the said Premises, or any of them, did, should, or might, belong to his Majesty, or could or might be granted or grantable by him, or was or were in his Power to dispose of; which Grant was not intended to be without an Account; for the said Lord Somers saith, That, by Indenture bearing Date the Two-and-twentieth Day of May One thousand Six hundred Nincly-seven, made, after the Warrant for the said Grant was signed, and before it was passed, between his Majesty of the one Part; and the said Earl of Bellamont, Edmund Harrison, William Raw-ley, George Watson, Thomas Reynolds, and Samuel Newton, of the other Part; they the said Earl of Bellamont, Edmund Harrison, William Rowley, George Watson, Thomas Reynolds, and Samuel Newton, did covenant, promise, and agree, with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, well' and truly to account for, and deliver, upon Oath, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Commissioners of his or their Treasury, or his or their High Treasurer, a clear Tenth Part, the Whole in Ten equal Parts to be divided, of all and every such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merdiandizes, and ' other Things whatsoever, which in and by the said Grant

should be given, or which should, from time to time, be taken, or seized, or secured, by them, or any of them, their or any of their Executors or Administrators, Officers, Agents, Servants, or Assigns, by virtue or colour thereof; to which Grant and Indenture the said Lord Somers, for more Certainty referreth himself: And further saith, He conceives, and is advised, That the said Grant did not any way tend to the Obstruction or Discouragement of Trad? or Navigation, or to the Loss or Prejudice of Merchants, or others his Majesty's Subjects, or the Subjects of his Friends or Allies; or to the Dishonour of his Majesty, or the Kingdom; nor was the Passing of the same any Breach of the Duty of the said Lord Somers; but the said Grant was for and as a llecompence to the said Grantees, who, at their own Charge, hgd provided and fitted out the said Ship, to enable the said William

Kidd to ekefeute the Powers in the said Commission mentioned; whereby the Publick might have received great Benefit, had the said William Kidd faithfully discharged the Trust in him reposed by his Majesty, and the said Grantees; which he failing to do, the Owners of the said Ship have lost all their Expences, arid have not received any Benefit of his Majesty's said Grant.

14; To the Fourteenth Article the said Lord Somers saith, He did not delay any Proceedings in any Cause or Causes depending before him, as Chancellor of England, longer or otherwise than as the Circumstances and Justice of each Cause required; but did, to the very manifest Impairing of his Health, constantly apply himself to the Dispatch of the Causes depending belore him: And denies that he did ever make, by colour of his Office, any arbitrary or illegal Order, to the Subversion of any Lawr or Statute of this Realm; or did ever assume to himself any arbitrary or illegal Power; or ever reverse any Judgment given in the Court of Exchequer, otherwise than as is warranted and allowed by the Law, and in the Presence of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, who were always present in the Court of Exchequer Chamber when their Judgment were examined, as the Statute in such Cases directs: Nor did ever deliver in any Court of Judicature, or other Place whatsoever, any Position whatsoever dangerous to the legal Constitution of the Kingdom, or destructive to the Property of the Subject, as is charged by the said Article.

And as to all other Matters and Things in the said Articles contained, and not herein before particularly answered unto, the said Lord Somers saith, he is not guilty of them, or any of them, in Form as the same are charged upon him in and by the said Articles; and humbly submitteth himself to your Lordships Judgment.

SOMERS.

Ordered, That the said Answer be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee to prepare a Replication thereunto.

fcfji

ill*

The ingrossed Replication to the Answer of the Earl Earl of Or. of Orford to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited ford's lm-

against him was read.

peachment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, Supply Bill upon the Report of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garrisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; for making the Recruits of the Ten thousand Men that are to be sent to the Service of the States General.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, upon the said Report, to prevent the Taking of Fees for any Money granted by Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee, to w hom it w as referred Ways and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the AIeaflS* Supply granted to his Majesty, have Power to apply the Monies for Prizes for the Benefit of the Publick.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ditta. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the 6ame.

Ordered, That the said Report-be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved\

13 W. III.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Hon*® Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

?orce. fog ngX^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

ig's Bench Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords,

1 lleel to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons

S011S r, y # o

of the King's Bench and Fleet, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for Irish

rteitures. Forfeitures, upon the Petitions to them referred, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next

amis- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-1,ers night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, counts. Upon gjj| for appointing and enabling Commissioner? to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

579

' An ingrossed . Bill for vesting the Estate of Lucretia Tipping'* Tipping, an Infant, in Trustees, upon her Marriage under Estato. Age, in order to the Sale thereof, for a Portion upon such Marriage, and a Settlement to be made accordingly, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estate of Lucretia Tipping, an Infant, in Trustees, that they, upon her Marriage, may sell the same for a Portion, upon a Settlement to be made on her, and her Issue.

Ordered, That Mr. Brexver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Batch have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence, sions.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Raising Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising Militia, the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

270 — 28° Mail

ttoniatt

irary.

Mercur'd, 28* die Maii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, for the bettet securing and preserving the said Library, all Grants or Devises whatsoever of any the Manuscripts, Memorials, Medals, or other Rarities, in the said Library, in the Schedule now remaining in the said Library, shall be void; and that, within Six Months after any Library-keeper shall undertake the said Office, he shall cause another Schedule to be made in Parchment, as well of the Names and Titles of all Manuscripts, and other Papers and Records there, as of the Pages and Folios, and cause the same to be irirolled in Chancery, without Fees:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the several Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 2. leave out " thereunto annexed;' and insert " now remaining in the said Library

Pr. 3. L. 30, and 31. leave out "* " and insert " in the said Schedule:*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at die Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick.

Ordered, That Sir Bartholomew Shower do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir John Cotton, for his great and generous Benefaction to the Publick: And that Sir Bartholomew Shower and Mr. Topham do give him the Thanks of this House accordingly.

Vol. 13.

Mr. Birch reported from the Committee, to whom the Corrupting Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Jurors was committed, Jurors-That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller for the Yea3,^j[/ 89.

Tell-} ,63.

So it*passed in the Negative.

Sir Rowland Gwynne, according to Order, reported, Dartmouth from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Election. Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Clifton-Dartmouth-Hardness, in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Vernon and William Ball Esquires, complaining of an undue Return of Nathanael Herne and Frederick Herne Esquires to serve for the Borough of CJij'ton+Dartmouth-Hardnesse:

As to the Matfer of the Return, the Committee did not think fit to come to any Opinion; because the Merits of the Election came before them at the same time.

But the State of the Case was thus;

That there w as in Dartmouth, at the time of the Election, Two Persons pretending to the Office of Mayor: viz* Mr. Floud and Mr. Bully.

Ttfe

580 28 6 MaiuA. 1701,

Dartmouth ' The Mayor of Dartmouth enters upon his Office 'on the Election. Monday after Michaelmas.

That Mr. Floud, from the Monday after Michaelmas to

the Day of the Election, had kept the Town Courts, and had possessed himself of the Mayor's Seat in the Church: Mr. Bully had in his Possession the Seal and Maces of the Corporation: The Precept was delivered to Mr. Bully, which was afterwards demanded by Mr. Floud, and denied him by Mr. Bully: Mr. Bully afterwards gave Notice of the Election, and went, at the Time appointed for the Election, to the Town Hall, which he found Mr. Floud possessed of; whereupon he adjourned to and

proceeded to the Election in that Place, where Mr. Floud followed him: And Two Polls were taken, one by Mr. Floud,- and the other by Mr. And Mr. Bully sent an Indenture to the Sheriff, importing, That the Petitioners were duly elected: And Mr. Floud sent him another Indenture, under another Seal of the Corporation, importing, That the Sitting Members were duly elected: Both these Indentures were seut up, by the Under Sheriff, to Mr. Granger, who acted for him in , with Di-

rection to him to advise upon it, if he did see Occasion: And Mr. Grander offered the Petitioners to make a Double Return, if they thought fit; but, they not agreeing to that, the said Mr. Granger made a Return only of the Indenture sent to the Sheriff by Mr. Floudupon which the Sitting Members are returned to this House.

That, as to the Merits of this Election upon the Poll taken by Mr. Bully, the Numbers were as follow;

That for the Petitioners, 51.

That for the Sitting Members, 49.

That, upon the Poll taken by Mr. Floud, the Numbers were thus;

For the Sitting Members, 49.

For the Petitioners, 33.

But, however, the- Petitioners Counsel insisted, That they would disqualify several that voted for the Sitting Members: And, as to Fourteen, the Objection was, That they were made free when Mr. Palmer was Mayor, without a competent Number of the Chamber: And, as to that, they called,

Simon Lumley: Who said. That Mark Edward Reynolds, Hugh Kiss, George Stroud, John Hinde, Francis Hill, John Myrch, Giles IVheeler, Richard Henley, Rich. Sacery, Sampson Mathezcs, Richard Cole, and Enoch Cole, were some of the Eighteen that were made free by Mr. Palmer:

That, at the Chamber, when these Persons were made free, there only appeared Mr. Palmer the Mayor, Mr. Floud, Mr. Veasy, old Mr. Bully, and Mr.

Toser: That old fVhitrowe and Bully said, There was no Chamber, and went away before they were made free; so that there was only the Mayor and Three Magistrates in the Chamber; whereas it is generally esteemed, that the Mayor and Six Magistrates make a Chamber to make Freemen.

Nath. Straw said, That Mr. and Mr. Bully,

being come to the Chamber at the time these Persons were to be made free, asked them. What they wrere about to do: And, it being answered, They were about going to make some Persons free, the said Mr. Whitrowe and Mr. Bully said, There was no Chamber; and went away: And said, At the same time these Persons were made free, some eldest Sons of Freemen demanded to be made free; and were denied by the Mayor.

JacobStone said, That he came to in Seventy-

one, and had lived there ever since, and has been Serjeant there: And he said, He never knew them make any Persons free, without the Mayor and Six Magistrates; and that the Mayor and Five have met, and they have gone away, and done nothing, for want of the Sixth.

Thomas Garrett said; That he was one of the Eighteen made free by Mr. Palmer: And that he did promise to vote for Sir Joseph Herne, or otherwise he had not been made free.

Edward Clumt said, That being Three Years ago at Dartmouth, and being in Company with the Mayor, and talking of the Election, he heard such a one would set

6

up, naming the Person: Ancl tlfo Mayor haid, He did not doubt of his not coming in; for they would make Freemen enough to keep him out.

And they produced Two Constitutions: One, Two-and-Twentieth August One thousand Five hundred and Fifty-eight, by which it was agreed, by the Mayor, his Brethren, and the whole Council of the Town, That no Mayor, after the said Day, should make free of the same Town any manner of Person whatsoever, without tho Consent of the Council of the Town; and another Constitution, Thirtieth of January One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, That no Person should be made free, without the Consent of Seven Magistrates.

The Petitioners Council objected to John Esquire, and Giles Yard Esquire, as honorary Freemen; because the Oath of honorary Freemen is different from that of a trading Freeman; the Oath of the latter obliging them to perform the Duties of the Corporation, which is not mentioned in the Oath of an honorary Freeman.

That the Petitioners Counsel also objected to Five; viz. William Cock, John Manoioay, John Clarke, Francis

Yard, and William Lang; as being made free by Mr. Rocket, who was no Mayor.

And the Short of that Case is this: Mr. Whitrow was Mayor of Dartmouth, and died within his Year: Mr. Whitrowe had been sworn by Mr. Bully, that was Mayor before him: After the Death of Mr. Whitrowe, Mr. Bully, swore Mr. Sykes Mayor; but Mr. Rocket, being a Candidate for the Mayoralty, and thinking himself aggrieved, the Day before Michaelmas, when Mr. Sykes was at London, broke open the Guildhall, and kept Possession: And afterwards brought a Mandamus for Mr. Bully to swear him Mayor; which Mr. Bully refusing to do, and making a Return, That Mr. Rockett was not duly elected,

Mr. Rocket brought an Action against Mr. Bully, for a false Return; ana had a Verdict against Mr the

Exemplification of which was produced to the Committee: And Mr. Floud succeeded Mr. Rocket, and Mr. Bully, succeeded Mr. Sykes; but there was no Account of any Act done by Mr. Bully, as Mayor, except that he had received Busbelage, and signed some Passes: And' Mr. Floud has acted as Mayor to the time of the receiving the Precept, without Interruption of Mr. Bully, and ever since:

That, as to the Poll, the Sitting Members Counsel excepted to several that had polled for the Petitioners, under several Heads; viz.to Ten that were made free by Mandamus, on Pretence of being the Sons of Freemen, or having served Apprenticeships:

To Five others made free by Mr. Sykes, on the same Pretence; and to Four others, by several Mayors, on Pretence of a Right that the Mayor for the Time being had, of himself, to make One Person free in his Mayoralty:

That the Names of the Ten made free upon the Mandamus, were, Thomas Lidston, John Hutchins, Robert Hodge, Geo. Channell, Wm. B Elliott, John Stone, Stephen Smith, Sam. Budley, John Cawley:

And Newman said, That these Ten were made free by Mr. Bully, when he was Mayor, upon bringing the Second Mandamus, suggesting, That, by Custom, such as were the eldest Sons of Freemen, or had served Seveiv Years Apprenticeship to Freemen, had a Right to their Freedom; whereas several of the Chamber said, There was no such Right; and would have had Mr. Bully have made that Return to the Mandamus; and only Mr. rowe, of the Magistrates, consented to their being made free: And Newman said, That the Judge did declare at the Assizes, That one Reason of the Jury's giving a Verdict against Mr. Bully, upon the Action brought for a false Return of the Mandamus sued out for the Swearing of Mr. Rocket Mayor, was. That the J ury were of Opinion, That those made free by Mr. Palmer, were well made free; and that these Ten Persons were not well made: However, it was admitted, That they were all of them the Sons of Freemen, or had served Seven Years Apprenticeship.

Mr. Newman further said, That the Occasion of making Freemen by Mr. Palmer was, That, the Session

before,

r

Winchester

Klectiuii.

13 W. III.

before, there were Two Trvals; and, having Occasion for Two Juries, and the Freemen being always of the Juries, it appeared to the Judge, That there was a Want of Freemen; and the Judge directed Mr to make more Freemen:

That, as to the other Five Freemen, their Names were Samuel Suncay, Richard Simpson, . Geo.

Hingston, John Lidstonsenior.

And Ncmnansaid, That these Five were made free

by Mr. Sykes, on the same Pretence of Right as the Mandamus Freemen were made: And that there was no Magistrate but the Mayor and Mr. Bulk) present:

That the Four objected to, as made Free by Right claimed by several Mayors, and are commonly called the Mayor Freemen, were, John Sykes, Jacob Clift,

Evans, A7c. Wcckcs.

And several Kntries in the Books were produced, that made out the same:

That, as to the Usage, the Counsel called, mu an Mannory:Who said, lie had known Dart-

mouth Forty Years; and the usual Custom of making free, was by the Mayor, and major Part of the Magistrates who appeared: And the Practice of the Mayor's Ereeinen were grounded upon this; That the Mayoress w'ould choose an able Man; and, by Consent of the Magistrates, he was made free.

That, by way of Reply,

The Petitioners Counsel insisted, That, by the Law of England, the eldest Sons of Freemen, and such as had served Apprenticeships, hud a Right to their Freedom:

And produced several Instances, wherein several Persons, being mentioned, in the order of their Admittances, to be the eldest Sons of Freemen, and having served Seven Years Apprentices]iip, were admitted for small Fines;

viz the eldest Son for oa. Sd. Fine, and the Apprentices for I o s. Fine:

That the Petitioners Counsel also produced several Entries, in their Books, of Persons made free, as the Mayor Freemen; viz.One Person by a Mayor: But there was no Instance of that Kind since the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two:

That the Sitting Members Counsel admitted, That it had been formerly the Practice for the Mayors to make, each of them. One Freeman; but, since the Constitution of One thousand Six hundred Seventy-two, that Practice had been discontinued.

That the Committee, upon the whole Matter, came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Nathanael Ilcrne Esquire is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton-Dartmot ft h-Hardt/cssc, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Frederick Herne Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of ( 'lift on-Dart mouth-Hardncsse.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Mouse doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Nathanael llcrrie Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Brough of nesse, in the County of Devon.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Esquire

is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough of Clifton-Dartm

Sir RoxclandGzeynne also, according to Order, reported, from the said Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Winchester;and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

VO L. 13.

581

Upon the Petition of Frederick Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the Lord William Port let, and George Rodney Bridges Esquire, to serve for the City of Winchester:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Bridges, 55.

For the Lord WmPowlet, 49. For Mr. Tilney, 41.

That the Petitioner's Counsel owned, That they had no Instructions against Mr. Bridges' Election.

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That there had been indirect Practices by the Sitting Member, the Lord William Powlett; and that they should also take off several from his Lordship's Poll: And they called,

Richard Good: Who said, That he was Mayor of Chester the last Year before this, and also Under Sheriff of the County of Southampton; but he had the Under Sheriff's Office by the Recommendation of the Duke of Bolton, who, at the same time, engaged him not to make any Freemen of Winchester without his Approbation: However, it was acknowleged, That the Duke of Bolton had not proposed to the Aldermen to make Mr. Chute and Mr. Pitt free; and it was opposed by Mr. Perdue and Mr. Sharpe; they saying, It was against the Duke's Interest: Mr. Good also said, That Mr. Tilney had settled

a Renefaction on the City in the same Year, the Nature of which was, to lend Money to some poor Tradesmen for a certain Time, without Interest: And that, the same Year, he did make Mr. Woodroffe, and Mr. Tichborne free:

And that afterwards Mr. Bridges came to him, and told him, He had a Letter from the Duke; and that he called him Knave, and said, He had very much disobliged tlife Duke, by making Persons free against the Duke's Interest; and that the Duke would be his Ruin.

And Mr. Good further said, That he had received Letters out of the Isle of Wight, That Colonel Lee would not employ him as Under Sheriff, because he was out of the Duke's Favour: That afterwards he was restored to the Duke's Favour; and the Duke wrote a Letter to Colonel Lee, on the said Mr. Good s behalf; but Colonel Lee said the: Letter came too late.

Mr. Matt hex. 0 Imber, the present Mayor, said, That

he had been Mayor several times; and that, a little before Michaelmas last, the Duke desired him, That he would not make any Person free without his Approbation: And he ivas desired to oppose the making free of Mr. Chute and Mr. Sturt; which accordingly lie did,

because he had promised the Duke: But it was acknowleged, That the Duke had not proposed any to him to be made free: And Mr. Imber further said, That the Recorder asked him, if the Under Sheriff's Place would be suitable to him; and he reckoned it was so proposed, to engage him to oppose the making of Mr. Chute and Mr. Pitt free: And that the Recorder came to him,

after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and desired him to send the Serjeant to the Members of the Corporation, to desire them to attend the Duke, at his House, in the Afternoon:

That accordingly the Serjeant went: And he, coming to wait on the Duke, found a great Number of the Corporation there; and the Duke pressing him for his Votes, he told his Grace, He hoped he did not expect both his Votes: That they had Wine there; but Mr. Bridges said He would not drink, unless it was upon the Recorder's Account: That, desiring to make his Brother free, he was told, He must ask the Duke's Consent: To which he replied, shall I not make my Brother free, who may leave my Family 1,000l. ?and, accordingly he did make him free: And that, waiting on the Duke the Election Day in the Morning, his Grace desired him not to go to the Election, till Major Morgan came to Town; That, at the Election, the Duke of Richmond said to Colson and Clerke,

Two of the Electors, when they came to give their Votes,

There is arr honest Man, that stands to his Word ! Upon

7 I which

2 80 Mail.

Winchester % Election.

t

Winchester

Election.

582 a 8° M, 1701.

which Mr. Bridges went to the Duke of Richmond, and desired him to be silent, or he would spoil all.

JVm. Strong said, That, a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election, he went to the Duke of Bolton's for his Sons Money; and t.he Duke told him, If he w'ould not vote for the Lord William Powlet, he would not pay it: That afterwards, he went by the Duke's Order, to Mr. Coward, the Recorder of Winchester, for the same Money; and Mr. Coward the Recorder told him, If they did not vote for my Lord William the Duke

would remove the Sessions and Assizes; and that it should be the worse for him: And Mr. Recorder engaged him to set his Hand to his Book, That he would vote for the Lord William Powlet.

Thomas Baines said, He was one of the Common Serjeants, and is annually chose into his Office: And, as he was passing down the Street, he was called into Mr. Sharpe's Shop, wherewas Mr. Perdue; which Mr. Sharpe and Mr. Pei-due voted for the Lord; and they told him, If he did not vote as they did, he should be turned out of his Office; but, in fact, he still continues his Office.

William Baines said, That the Night before the Election, he was at the White Hart, where were the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Dickinson, and some of the Corporation; and they drank Wine there; and the Reckoning came to 195. odd Money, which Mr. Dickinson paid:

That, at another Time, the said Lord William Powlett, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Perdue, and Mr. Cobb, and others, drank together, and hud Fifteen Quarts of Wine, which, Two or Three Days after, Mr. Cobb paid for; though the Witness could not say whose Money it was, nor whether Mr. CoM made an Interest for iny Lord William Powlet.

Richard Specring, a Cooper, and his Wife, testified, That, the Latter-end of December last, Mr. Coward, the Recorder came, at Two several times, to their House, and asked for Richard SpeerVote; and said, If he would not vote for the Lord William Powlet, the Lady Russell's Work would lie at stake: But they said. There was no Authority from my Lady Russell for what Mr. Coward said; and Mr. Coward had employed the Husband since.

Richard King said, That, when Colson gave his Vote, the Duke of Richmond said, There is a Man stands to his Word! And that the Mayor was angry with the Town Clerk, because he did not call the Names in Order: And the Duke of Bolton said, Go on.

I11 order to disqualify several of the Sitting Members Votes, the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses:

Mr. Maltherw Imber, Matth. Thompson, said, That Mr. Faulkner and Mr. Smith were made free at St John-house, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three, after a publick Dinner, at which was the late Duke of Bolton; which was not the usual Place of making free; though it was acknowleged, that the Mayor, and other Corporation Officers, had been elected there, but not sworn; and that Freemen had neither been elected nor sworn there.

The Petitioner's Counsel objected to Ellis Mew's, That he had surrendered his Aldermanship and Freedom; and, upon procuring the Entry, it appeared, that he had surrendered his Aldermanship; but the Words of Surrender of his Freedom were obliterated: And Mr. Imber said, He believed that the Words of surrendering his Freedom were in, when he signed the Paper of Surrender; but could not be positive; and that Mews had not acted till this Election.

Mr. John Haley said, That, about the Middle of March last, the said Ellis Mews did declare. That he thought he had, by the Paper he had signed, surrendered his Freedom as w ell as his Aldermanship.

Mr. Imber said, That Fryer the Town Clerk was grow n poor, and lived in the Hospital of St. John's: However, it was acknowleged, that his Place was worth 15/. or 20/. a Year: And the former Town Clerk lived in the same Place, and put in for his Poverty:

That Robert Bridges lives without the Liberty of the City, and is one of the Twenty-four; and that, by the Charter, none but the Citizens were to be of the Twenty-four:

That he believed the Presence of the Three Dukes made People vote otherwise than they would have done, if they had not been there; but they did1 not give any threatning Words.

Mr. Good said, That he never knew any made free, and of the Twenty-four, that did not live in the City.

Matthew Thompson, a Serjeant of the Town, said. He voted for the Lord Wm. and Mr. Tilney,'r and would have given Mr. Tilney a single Vote, but w as afraid he should lose his Place:However, he acknow leged, that nobody in Power had threatened him.

That the Petitioner's Counsel offered to prove, That, as to the Six that voted for the Lord William Powlef> their Admittances were not upon stamped Paper; but the same was admitted: And the Sitting Members Counsel insisted, That there were no Admittances on stamped Paper, neither was the same necessary.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel called Two Witnesses; viz. Mr. Pitman and Mr. Richard Mitchell, with relation to indirect Practices by the Petitioner 1

Mr. Pitman said, That one Mr. Gaiway, Mr. Tilneifs Agent, paid to one Baines 5 /.; and told him, He wished him good Luck, and bid him be honest, and the Money should not be asked of him: However, he acknowleged, that there was no Discourse at that time about the Election.

Richard Mitchell said", That Mr. Jitney and Mr. Garway were at his House several times, to desire his Vote; and that one time Mr. Tilney came to his House; and his Man brought Two Bottles of Sack; and Mr. Jilney, and his Wife, and he, drank of it:. And that, Two or Three Months before the Election, Mr. Tilney came to his House, and told him, Mr. Perdue had taken 100 a Year of him; but, for the future, he the said should have his Custom: And came again on Christmas Eve; and afterwards again, and discoursed him about Buying of Goods; and told him, he should not trust; and laid down Three-Guineas on the Dresser; That Mr. Tilney, at the same time asked' the said Mitchell for his Vote; but he, not promising his Vote, nor their being any Agreement about the Goods, Mr. Tilney took up his Guineas again:

That the Lord William Powlet said, He had other Witnesses; hut thinking it not necessary, he would not trouble the Committee with them.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord JVitliam Powlet is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Rodney Bridges Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Lord-William Powlet is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeH.rsfortbeNoes.S^;^'.- }"*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- . mittee in the said Resolution, That George Rodney Bridges Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester.

Sir

?oi.

13 W. III.

28° Maii.

5g3

oft)*

brine

'teoty.

Di.'ia

dune,

't 411J

e. wd

Nik!,

"Tr t a>

T:;at,

3

; i#jt y.>

r.ttd

.*1

iv

f! oC-;2ii

ifc

ills

Ir.

i<0

)L

J

,a

rjJ

t;

Ir.

j

jjoriiton

Election-

Sir lloxvlaml Gxcynnc also, according to Order, re- They came from Mr. Granville, and delivered him Three ported from the said Committee of Privileges and Elec- Shillings to draw out in Peer to Six Men, and Six-pence

: . 1 xr -i 4.^ .1____ 4____1 :__________u:____ir* 1 *1. 1___,) *i____ 1__i 'r___i.._______

tious, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of in the County of

Devon, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Wi Courtney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of

for himself; and that, besides they had Twelve-pence apiece in Money; and that, the Day before the Election, he had Seven Shillings more from Abbot and Thomas, to draw out in Drink; and, the same Dav, Thomas and Abbot came to him, and bid him provide Victuals'for Six Men; and, in all, he received between 30 and 40s.: That there was a great Company the Day before, and on the Election Day, drinking at s, who voted for

Sir Jf 'altci'Young and Sir William; but he could '

not tell who paid for it: That, he believed there were Sir Walter Young, to serve for the Borough of Twenty Houses who drew Drink, and entertained such

Honyton: as voted for Sir Walter Young; and he believed, in all.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the there might be 2001, spent; but he, said Barron, could

Pot-wallers, not receiving Alms:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For the Petitioner, 1 8.

For Sir Walter Young, 191. But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted. That the said Sir /Valter Young, by several Practices, was rendered uncapable of Sitting, upon the said Election:

And they called several Witnesses.

Mr. George Blagdon, the Portreeve, delivered in the Poll, and said, That Mr. Rave did take a Poll, which he supposed, was for Sir /Valter Yung; and that Mr.

Bavcnhill, Mr. Haifa.-, Mr. Sauna* and others in Sir

/Valter Young's Interest, went from House to House;

but he could not say to what Purpose, he not being with them: And said further, That Sir r had

served for I/cuyton as long as he could remember; and Two or Three times, without Opposition.

Dr. James Orchard said, That he is an Inhabitant of Jlonyton; and that Knight and who had Votes,

kept Two Alehouses, opposite to him; anil that Six or Seven Days before the Election, he see Abraham Thomas and IVittiamAbbot give Money to the said Knight and C'/crketo be spent in Drink on such as voted lor ter 1 r<ung; several of which appeared drunk in the Street:

not tell who it w as that employed the Persons that went about; but Mr. Granville, Mr. Thomas, and Abbot, said, It was their own Money that they spent.

Mr. /Vendover said. That Abraham Thomas asked him for his Vote for Sir Walter Young, and gave him One Shilling; which he said Mr. Glanville sent him.

He also confirmed Barron's Evidence, as to Eating and Drinking at Lockyers on the Election Day, and at other Times and Places; and said, He believed, in the Whole, there was 2 or 300l. spent: And that the said Wendover on the Election Day, talking with John Cesse, Sir Young's Servant, in the Dolphin Y ard, Cesse said, Let it cost what it would, Sir Walter would not lose it: That Shachley, the Saturday before the Election, invited him to go to the George Inn; but lie refused it, because it was Market Day; and afterwards lie met the said,

who told the said Wendover, He had spent Eight or Nine Pounds; and that it had cost him 40/. and he would spend 100l. rather than Si r /Valter Young should lose it: And that Ravenhill, being asked, by one Tucker, what he had

got, answered, Six Chancery Suits:

And that Butman, a Servant-of Sir Walter Young's, did say, He was weary of Drinking; but J Vendor er could not say, that Putman or Cesse paid any Money: And that

That several who voted for Mr. Sanjovd, did appear the Reckoning was placed to Mr. Account,

very merry too; and that he heard the Voters say, They Thomas said, That Mr. Saunders and Mr.

paid nothing for their Drink. Dr. Orchard further said, Clerke gave Martin a Shilling, and bid him take it to That the said Knight and Clerke went Iroin House to his Wife; and they would have had him taken a Shilling; House; but he did not hear them ask any Votes; and could and told him they had put his Name on the Roll; and

not say, they were any way related to Sir /Valter

Mr. Sale said, That, Two or Three Days before the Election, Mr. Ilavcnhill came to him, and told him, He admired lie would he against his Interest, and not vote for Sir I/alter Yeung; and that theiewasa Place in the Custom-house, that his Brother might have had, if it were not for him; and that himself should have a Place of Fourscore Pounds a Year. He further said, That

he, said Blackmore, denying to give Sir Walter Young his

Vote, and Clerke said, He should get nothing by it in the End: And fVcudover and Blaclcmore said, That about

Fifty Horse came to Honyton the Night before the Election; several of which were Officers in the Militia.

William Chard said, That Mr. Ravenhill, Mr. Granville, and Mr. Martin, came to his House on New-year's Day at Night; and Ravenhill left Five Shillings,

tlu-re was great Drinking; and that there were Fourteen tohe drank by Sir Voters; and wrote their Names in Chalk on the Table; and some of them had Money, and some Drink: And that Mr. William Serle, who belongs to the Custom-house at Dartmouth, and whose Wife keeps a public House at Honyton, came and voted for Sir /Valter Young; and gave it as a Reason, because Sir lrFdr//erI/o«?/g had helped him toaPlace: That several, of Sir Walter Voters drank at Serle's

or Sixteen Houses that entertained Sir H atter Young's Voters; and they said, That Mr. Ravenhill and Mr.

GlanvUlcwould sec them paid. The said Mr. Serle voted lor Sir William Drake and Mr. Sand ford.

James Hunter said, That he kept a Publick House in Honyton; and that Mr. Rave and Mr. Glanville came

to his House a Week before the Election; and he received

Eight Shillings of one, and Seven Shillings of the other, House; but the Witness could not say at whose Charge.

to be spent in Drink on Sir /Valter Young's Voters; seve rai of which carried the Drink home to their Houses: That the Names of several, who were to drink the Eight Shillings, were set down in a Peace of Paper, and left with him; and that Captain Wm. Chaplin, and others, told him, If he would vote for Sir /Valter Young, they w ould bring Thirty Men to dine at his House. He further said, That Mr. Glanville was a Lacetnan in London, and came

down Ten Days before the Election.

Thomas Barron said, That he voted for Sir Young, and had Six Shillings to draw Six Dozen of Beer to Six of his Neighbours; and that Mr. Saunders and Mr. Ravenhill were by; and the Names of the Men were wrote down; Five ot which voted for Sir I Valter Young and Sir J Villi am Drake, and One of them for Mr. Sanel-

The Counsel for the Sitting Member, Sir Walter Young, insisted, That Sir /Valter Young was a Man of un-. doubted Interest in Honyton, having served in Seven Parliaments, and in most of them without Dispute: That, a little after Sir Walter Young came down, the Taps were set to run by Mr. Sand ford; and that Mr. Glanville came accidentally from London, upon his own Occasions, being a Laceman; and what Money was spent, was out of his imprudent Zeal of such Persons as had a Respect for their old Burgesses, for Services they had done for the Town; especially with relation to the Lace Act: And they called several Witnesses.

Mr. Richard Saunders said, That, about Ten Days before the Election, 140 or 150 Voters went out of the

Jcrd: And that the next Day, Abbot and Thomas said, Town voluntarily to meet Sir Walter Young; and that;

Vol. 13. after

1.

noniton

privilege.

5&+

28° Mali. . A. 1701,

after it was tailed, that Sir Walter would be of-

posed, he went about the Town to know who would be voluntarily for Sir Walter You; and1 he took an Account of Nine Score: That the Morning of the Rlcc< tion, the greatest Part of the Voters met on the Corn-hill; and it being rainy snowy Weather, many of the Voters went into Houses; and he himself went into Lock-yer's; but he neither eat nor drank there.

John Waters said, That, before the Election, he, and others, took several Parts of the Town, and went about to inquire who were for Sir Walter; and, in the

lower Part of the Town, which he went to, there were Three Score that declared themselves for Sir Walter Young.

Jos. Ashton saidj That Mr. Courtney desired his Vote for Mr. Saudford; and the said Mr. , not being

able to prevail upon him, was in a great Passion: and> said he would tell his Father.

Abraham Mathews said, He was raised a Groat a Week in his Standing, because he voted for Sir Walter Young-, and that he had lost some Persons Custom for voting for Sir Walter Young:

That several of Mr. Courtney's Voters eat and drank at Himes' House, to the Value of Thirty Pound, as he believed; and afterwards he told Elms of it; who said, He gave it freely: Which Elmes, the Witness said, was the principal Man that voted for Mr. Courtney.

John Croat said, That one who belonged to

Major Drew, a Justice of Peace, came the Night before the Election, and gave him a Pint of Wine; and told him If he did not vote for Mr. Saudford, it would disoblige his Master; and, if lie came before his Master, there should be no Justice:

And that William Wendover,a Fortnight after the Election, upon a Discourse that there was like to be a Petition against Sir Walter Young, declared, That lie could

say nothing against Sir 1 Valter and that no Man

was swore before the Committee; and it was no more than telling a Lye.

Robert Viney said, That Major s Clerk asked

him, If he had any Money to be for Sir Walter Young? and though he had not any on that account, yet Major Drew's Clerk would have had him put his Hand to a Paper, aeknowleging, That he had received Money.

Jos. Marlin, a Sadler, said, That the Day before the Election, he was asked by Sir John Poole, and others, for his Vote; and not voting as they would have him, they paid him his Bills; and he hath since lost their Custom.

Philip Lawman said, That Major Drew sent for him,

and asked him, If he had any Money to be for Sir Young? and he told him. That he had not u However, Major Drew's Clerk would have had him put his Hand to a Paper, That he had received Two Shillings. It appeared, that the Petitioner did not, at any time before the Election, declare he would stand.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir 1Valter Young Baronet is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honyton, in the County of Devon.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Walter Young Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honyton, in the County of Devon;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

146.

!l2,.

'Mr. Walsh,

Mr. Roberts:

Colonel Gran I

Mr. Scobell: i

the Affirmative.

Sir Rowland G wynnealso, according to Order, reported,

from the said Committee of Privileges and Election?, the 1

Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against James Herbert Esquire, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which-they had directed him to report to the House; which he-read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read;. and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Complaint made to- toe House, That Edward Oliver junior, Thomas Terry, John and

George Briggs, have entered upon the Lands of James Herbert Esquire, in the County of Kent, and taken away Copperas Stones from off the same, in Breach of the Privilege of this House:

That the Committee have examined several Witnesses-in relation to that- Matter; v

John Kennard said, That he knew toe Estate where the Stones were picked; and that lie held the Ground of Mr. Herbert; and that his Father, and himself, had paid Rent for it Eighteen Years to Mr.

Mr. Gustavus Mell said, That he received Rent for Mr. Herbert, of Kennard, for the said Ground and had sold the Stones for Mr. Herbert several Years: That he had forewarned the Persons against Picking off the Copperas-Stones from Mr. Herbert's Ground; and did know in fact, that they were carried away; but could not speak, as to the Persons complained against, lie not being present when the Fact was done.

Stephen Taplin said, That himself, and Goodman-Terry's Wife and Family carried toe Stones from Mr. Herbert's Ground, and mixed them with the Stones on. Mr. Guidott's Ground; and that Thomas , John Terry, and George Briggs, were present when die Stones-were carried from Mr. Guidott's Ground, and put into the Boat.

Mary Milksted said. That Taplin, and Goody Terryt and herself, carried Stones off Mr. Herbert's Ground to Mr. Guidott's: That Goodman 'Terry knew his Wife picked the Stones off Mr. Herbert's G round; for that he had seen them do it several times; and lie paid for the picking of some of them no longer ago than the 15th of May last

Mary Kinsfoot, said, She had seen Goodman Servant and Children gather Stones from Mr. Herbert's Ground within Six Weeks.

Stephen Taplin, said, That Edward Oliver s Hoy, which carried away the said Stones, lay against Mr. Herbert's Lands.

Charles Waste said, That, by virtue of a Power given him from Mr. Herbert, he seized these Stones to Mr. Herbert's Use, upon Mr. Herbert's Manor; but he did not know upon whose Ground; and discharged them from taking away the said Stones.

Edward Gilbert said, That he had seen Captain Son and Daughter pick them; and they were afterwards carried away by Captain Terry to Oliver's Hoy, in Carts.

Henry Addis said, That he had rented the Profit of these Stones of Mr. Herbert, for his Master's Use; and that he paid on the First Lease, Fifty Pounds a Year, and, on the Second Lease, Sixty Pounds a Year; both which Leases were expired.

Mr. Mell said, That he had sold these Copperas Stones-

for Two hundred Thirteen Pounds a. Year, clear of all Charges.

That the Counsel for the Persons complained against, insisted, That, upon the Evidence given, it appearing that these Stones carried away were mixed with Mr. Guidott's, the Property of them all became Mr.

Guidott's; and that they had forewarned the Pickers-to take Stones from Mr. Herbert's Ground: And called,

Edward Metham: Who said, That Mr. Guidoit, about Three Years ago, did forewarn Taplin and Milsted not to pick any Stones from Mr. Herbert's Ground.

Elizabeth Kennard said, That this Freight had been gathering almost Twelve Months; and that she heard Stephen Ten-y, Two Years ago, forewarn Taplin and Milksted from picking any Stones off Mi-. Herbert's Ground.

And

tyrlr

lit

foai i Ui.

I'ST

k

.1

A,

13 w. III.

280 — 30° Mail

585

Supply Bill; Xaad Tax.

Ways and 11 eons.

Committees.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions; A Petition of Mark was presented to the House, Duke of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and read; setting forth, That the late Duke of Ormond*

That Thomas Terry, by his Wife, Children, and Servants, being seised in Fee of the Lands of Mount Arran, settled hath gathered a Parcel of Copperas Stones upon Mr. the same upon Richard late Earl of Arran, for Lite, with Herbert's Land, and carried them to Mr. Guidott's. a Power to make leases for Twenty-one Years, or Three Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lives; with Remainders to his Sons in Tail Male; Re-That the said Thomas Terry, having done so, is guilty of mainder to the present Duke of Ormond', with Remain-a Preach of the Privilege of this House. ders over: That the said Earl, being so seised of the said

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Lands, leased the same for Three Lives to the Petitioner s time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, lather, John Bagott: That, upon the Petitioner's Inter-agreed unto by the House. marriage, the said settled the said Lease on the Peti-

Ordered, That the s *id Thomas Terry be, for the said tioner, after his own Life, who is since dead; and the Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Ser- Three Lives are still in ileing: That, if the Bill now being jeant at Arms attending this House. before this House, intituled, An Act for the more speedy

Payment of the Creditors of the late Duke of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- and of the present Duke, doth pass, without an Amending next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ment, or Saving of the Petitioner's Right in the said House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid Lease, the Petitioner will lose the Benefit thereof: And to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Navy, praying, That, in regard the said Lease is the Petitioner's Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other Property, which his Father hath considerably improved, necessary Occasions. and paid a Fine to secure the same to the Petitioner, a

Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for saving of the Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Petitioner's said Right to the said Lease, whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Majesty, be made upon Friday Morning next. Bill is committed.

Mr. reported from the said Committee, That Ditto.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. they had examined the Allegations contained in the said

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Sa-Nine a Clock. tisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Corn-

13

Veneris, 30* die Mali;

Willielmi, Anno 1701.

.Army

Debt.

Pi

A1

RAYERS.

PETITION of Thomas Viscount Trviot, John Lord Strathnavcr, David Lord Portmore, and other Colonels of Scotch Regiments, who, during the late War, served in Flanders upon the English Establishment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, several Assignments, made by the Petitioners, according to the Direction of the said Establishment, out of the Pay of their respective Regiments to the Clothiers, who cloathed the same, are yet unpaid; for which the Petitioners are daily threatened to be prosecuted, as a Debt due from themselves: That it has not been the Petitioners Faults, that the said Assignments have not been paid; but hath

been occasioned by the disbanding some of the said________

Regiments, and by transferring others into the Service of to the said Bill,1 with some Amendments; To which they

mittee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the C'lerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause being offered as a Rider, on the Behalf of Mr. Bagott;

The Question was put. That the said Clause be received:

And it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made;

And the same were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 19. L. 45, 46. leave out " Countess Dowager of " Arran, and And

L. 46. after " Cornwa," leave out " or One " of them."

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

other States, before the Proportion of the Soldiers Pay could amount to a Sum sufficient to discharge the same: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the 'Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Colonels of the Army, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered That Mr. Freke have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Bray have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto. A Petition of James Young Mercer was presented to the Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the erecting L nn Work#

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in Hospitals and Work-houses within the Borough of King's- house, the Year 1698, cloathed Colonel Edward Colt's Regiment, Lynn, in the County of Norffolke, for the better Employ-Part of which was Marines; so that one Part of their ing and Maintaining the Poor there, be read the Third Arrears is to be paid by the Treasury, and the other by the time upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Admiralty: That there is Eight hundred Pounds of the

Cloathing Money in the Treasury; Assignments for the Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr Atter. same being now'in Lord Ranelag/is Office: That the Dr, Atterbuty for the Sermon by him preached before this bury thanked. Petitioner hath often applied himself to the said Colonel House Yesterday at St. Margarett's, Westminster: And in his Life-time, and, since his Death, to Sir Henry Dutton that he be desired to print, the same: And that Mr. Bromley Colt, his Executor; but hath received no Satisfaction: and Mf. Harcourt do acquaint him therewith.

And praying the Consideration of this House, and Relief

in the Premises. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ways and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider M«aus. till the Report of the Bill for appointing and enabling further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick granted to his Majesty, be made upon Monday Morning Accounts of the Kingdom. next

V01.13. 7K Th#

Ways and Means.

Committees.

St. Martin's

Parish

Estate.

Hertford

County

Gaol.

Deane's

Estate.

Army

Debts.

586 30° — 31° Maii.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 31° die Maii;

13T Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for improving the Ground belonging to St. Martin's Parish was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for removing the County Gaol of Hertford was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for removing the County Gaol of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gidston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of the Estate of James Deane; and for securing the Money raised thereby, for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof; was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill.

Pr. 5. L. 39. after " Vernhills," to insert " together u with Botley Coppice, enjoyed with the said capital " Messuage called Oxenwood;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of James Deane; and for securing the Monies raised thereby, for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Cornbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of divers Officers, Clothiers, and others, willing to purchase forfeited Estates in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being interested in Arrears of Pay, and Cloath-ing the Army, and also possessed of Transport Debentures, Malt Tickets, and other Species, directed by Act of Parliament to be taken in Payment for the Purchase of the said Estates; which, to dispose of at the present Discount, would ruin many of the Petitioners; That it seems very difficult for the Petitioners to become single Purchasers, with their separate Effects, not only in respect of the great Trouble and Expence each Person must be at, in making particular and distinct Purchases, but that Purchases can never be found, suitable either to the Abilities of the Petitioners, or to the Species they are separately possessed

A. 1701.

of: Therefore the Petitioners, and others, are desirous to become joint Purchasers, and have subscribed about Two hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, and deposited the greatest Part thereof in the several Species aforesaid:

That they are sensible many Difficulties may arise, and attend such joint Purchasers, in regard the same must be taken in Trust; whereby they will not be so capable of disposing their respective Estates, of sue, or be sued, as if they were impowered to act in a politick Capacity: And praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a bill for an Incorporation, for the Purposes aforesaid; with such Powers and Limitations as- this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Cutts do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pitfeild reported from the Committee, to whom Arthur's the Bill for naturalizing Archibald Arthur, and enabling Nat. him to settle his Estate, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the Theft on Bill for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of Uur ers* England, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act may be pleaded as a publick Act:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto lr; the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ogle also reported from the Committee, to whom Election the Bill for continuing an Act to prevent false and double Return. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Sale of some Parts of Mallocks the Estates of Rawlin Mallock Esquire, deceased, for dis- ^tate* charging the Monies, Debts, and Charges thereupon, was read the Third time:

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the Behalf of Sir John Collyns:

And the Question being put, That the Clause* be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Sale of the Estate of Raztlin Mal-loc/c Esquire, deceased, for discharging the Monies, Debts, and Charges thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Colonel William Seymour, Sir Henry Army Dutton Colt, Administrators to Colonel Edward Dutton Arrear*-Colt, Colonel Harry Mordaunt, and Colonel Thomas Brudenell, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the 6 Officers

ive of sence.

x's

vorce.

swer to ds Mes-es reding Ira-chments,

13 W. III. 310 Mail 587

Officers of the Four late Marine Regiments, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, out of the Two Marine Regiments, commanded by the Marquis of Carmarthen and Sir Cloudesly Shovell, and Three Regiments of Foot, commanded by Colonel Seymour, Colonel Colt, and Colonel Mordaunt, were formed Four Regiments of Marines, for the Sea Service, the 1st of August 1698; which, from the Time they were put upon that Establishment, were weekly paid their Subsistence by Imprest Bills from the Navy Board, charged on the Funds for Sea Service, till the 19th of May 1699, w^en they were disbanded: That Colonel Mordaunt and Colonel Brudcncirs Regiments, since they were disbanded, have been likewise paid out of the same Funds, by the Navy Board, the Off-reckonings for cloathing their said Two Regiments, whilst they were continued on that Foot: That there remains due, to clear the Officers and Clothiers of Colonel Seymours Regiment, 3,105/. 13^. 7d; to Colonel Colt's Regiment, 3,192/. 9#. id.; to the Officers of Colonel Mordaunt's Regiment, 1,525 /. 13 s. 5 d.; to Colonel BradeneWs Regiment, 1,399/. 2* id-; in all, 9,223/. 3 s. 2d.; as appears by the Auditor of the Imprest Report, now lying before the Lords of the Treasury; to whom, and the Commissioners of the Navy, the Petitioners have applied themselves for the said Sum; who seem doubtful on what Head for Sea Service to charge the Payment thereof: And praying. That this House will be pleased to declare on what Fund the said Sums may be charged, for the speedy Payment of the Petitioners, and others concerned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Colonels of the Army, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred.

And therefore, for your Lordships to assert. That having not yet exhibited particular Articles against William Earl of Portland, and Charles Lord Halifax, is a Hardship to them, and not agreeable to the usual Methods and Proceedings in Parliament in such Cases, does, as they conceive, tend to the Breach of that good Correspondence betwixt the Two Houses, which ought to be mutually preserved.

Resolved, That the House doth agree, That the said Answer be returned to the Lords, to their Lordships said Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the said Answer to the Lords.

Sir Bartholomew Shower also reported from the said Lord Committee, That they had drawn up a Replication to Sommers' the Answer of the Lord Sommers to the Articles of Im- ImPeach-peachment exhibited against him; which they had di- ment‘ rected him to report to the House; winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the.Clerk's Table:.

Where the same was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth: viz.

The Commons have considered the Answer of John Lord Sommers to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights..... and Burgesses assembled in Parliament, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors: The said Commons do aver their Charge against the said Lord Sommers to be true; and do say, That he is guilty in the Manner he stands accused and impeached: And the said Commons will be ready to prove the same at such convenient Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Replication be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulkly have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingsossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up the Articles of Impeachment, and who w ere to consider of the Messages from the Lords, relating to the former Impeachments, and inspect the Precedents of Messages in relation to former Impeachments, and report the same to the House; That they had considered the said Messages, and inspected the Precedents: And that they had drawn up an Answer to the Message from the Lords, the Twenty-first Instant; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

IN Answer to your Lordships Message, of the Twenty-first Instant, the Commons have prepared a Replication to the Earl of Orford's Answer to the Articles of Impeachment of high Crimes and Misdemeanors, exhibited against him; and, at present, defer bringing it up to your Lordships, because, in the Tryal of the several Impeachments now depending, the Commons think it most proper, from the Nature of the Evidence that will be given at the said Tryals, to begin with the Tryal of the Impeachment of John Lord Sommers, of high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

And, as to your Lordships other Message, the Commons take it to be without Precedent, and unparliamentary; they, as Prosecutors, having a Liberty to exhibit their Articles of Impeachment in due time, of which they, who are to prepare them, are the proper Judges: Vol. 13.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he Enfeild had, according to their Order, laid before his Majesty Chace. their Resolutions concerning the Waste made in Enfeild Chace.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for na- Bagneoll'* turalizing Peter Bagneoll, Daniel Senault, and others: To &c. Nat. which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, an Act for Minehead the Recovering, Securing, and Keeping in Repair, the Harbour. Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Vaughan's Act to enable William Vaughan Esquire, and Frances Marriage Vaughan, his intended Wife, being both under the Age Arhcles. of One-and-twenty Years, to perform Articles made for their Marriage, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Lofland's, this House, to a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing &c- Nat. Adrian Lofland\ and others: And also,

To the Amendments, made by this House, to a Bill, Duke of intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the ^rmonds Creditors of James late Duke of Ormond, and of the ^state* present Duke of Ormond. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Fawconer' % this House, to the Bill, intituled, an Act for the Vesting Estate, and Settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to John Fawconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts: Also,

That the Lords have commanded them to acquaint this Earl of Or-House, That their Lordships have appointed Monday fords the Ninth Day of June next for the Tryal of Edward Peaciuent-Earl of Orford, upon the Articles brought against him by this House, in Westminster-hall: And that this House may reply, if they think fit: Also,

That the Lords have commanded them to acquaint this Earl of Port-House, That this House having, on the First Day of April land's>

last In)l)each-ment.

Call of the House.

31* Mail. *t- i/'oi.

la$t, sent opto their Lordships an Impeachment against William Earl of Portland, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and having also, on the Fifteenth Day of the 'same Month, impeached Charles Lord Hallifax for high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and there being, as yet, no particular Articles exhibited against the said Lords; their Lordships think themselves obliged to put this House in mind thereof; which, after Impeachments have so long depended, is a Hardship to the Persons concerned, and not agreeable to the usual Methods of Parliament in such Cases.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an Answer be returned to the said Message, relating to the appointing a Time for the Tryal of the Earl of Or ford; and to the Articles of Impeachment against the Earl of Portland, and Lord Hallifax; That this House will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved', That a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Messages; and to search Precedents in relation thereunto; and to draw up an Answer to be returned to the Lords:

And it is referred to the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Pultney, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Birch, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hofriiins, Sir Barth, Sh&icer, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. St. John, Mr. Cox, Sir John Leveson Gower, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Jennings, Colonel Bytrlij, Lord Coningsby, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. King, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Fleming, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Clarke, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Gorges, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Mr. Dozt dswell, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Randyll, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Hat'cuurt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Meredith, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Henry Lyddall, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hammond, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hatvey, Mr. Palmes, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Lee; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber; And are to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That no. Leave be asked for any Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours of Twelve and One a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do w rite circular Letters to the respective Sheriffs of England and Wales, to summon the Members who are in the Country, to attend the Service of the House upon Monday the Ninth Day of June next.

The Form of which Letter was;

From the House of Commons, 31* Maii 1701.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to all the Members of this House, Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, within your County, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the Ninth Day of June next, notwithstanding any Leave for Absence; the House of Commons intending to proceed further, with all Severity, against all such of their Members, as shall then neglect their Attendance: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, unto,

Sir,

Your humble Servant

A Bill for preventing Frauds &nd Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House being informed, That the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures in England were at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Paper relating to their Proceedings upon the Petitions to them referred: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buf-gesses, in Parliament assembled;

May it please your Honours,

IN Obedience to your Orders of the Nineteenth of this instant May, requiring us to state Matters of Fact only, on the several Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and to report the same to your Honours; and that we should, with all Expedition, from time to time, transmit our Reports on the said Petitions respectively to the Clerk of this Honourable House;

We have, with utmost Diligence and Duty, pursuant to the said Orders, examined the several Facts, on such of the said Petitions as were delivered us, in such manner as we were capable of examining the same; and, where the Facts were within our Knowledge, and whereof we had certain Proof, we have reported the same accordingly.

As to other Matters, whereof the Proof lies in Ireland, and we could only hear ex parte, without administering an Oath, we have laid before your Honours such Proofs thereof, as have been offered us; and have annexed thereto such Affidavits, and other Papers, as the Petitioners produced before us, and affirmed to be true; which we have made Part of the Report, to the End your Honours may be duly apprised of the Evidence*, w hereon we have grounded our respective Reports.

We further crave Leave to acquaint your Honours, That we have given Copies of our Reports to such of the Petitioners as demanded them, that they might have an Opportunity of making further Proof of the Allegations of their Petitions; and to prevent your Honours receiving any Complaints, that we kept them in Ignorance of the Contents thereof.

All which is humbly submitted, &c.

II. Sheres,

Fra. Annesky, John Trenchard.

And then they withdrew.

And the House proceeded to take into Consideration what is proper to be done in relation to the said Petitions, and Reports thereupon.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That all the Petitions, presented to the House relating to the Irish Forfeitures, be referred to the Trustees in Ireland, to examine, upon Oath, the Matter of Fact; and represent the same to the House, at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after "Forfeitures," these Words; "exceptsuch " Cases as are certified under the Hands of all the Twelve " Trustees

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding afterwards these Words; "and except such of " the said Petitions, as the Irish Trustees in England " have certified the Matters of Fact to be true:"

And the Question being put, That the said Words be added to the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,^rr

Woodro ff, \

Theoph. Oglethorp :S Thomas Travel I,

Birch; )

128.

65.

Duties 00 Salt.

Irish For. feitures.

b

13 W. III. 31° Mail. — 1° 589

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. - delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were

Resolved, That all the Petitions presented to the House, once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by relating to the Irish Forfeitures, except such Cases as are one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, certified under the Hands of all the Trustees, and except agreed unto by the House.

such of the said Petitions as the Irish Trustees in England Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

have certified the Matters of Fact to be true; be referred ingrossed.

to the Trustees in Ireland, to examine, upon Oath, the

Matter of Fact; and represent the same to the House at A Petition of William Fownds and Ephraim Dawson, Army the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament. in behalf of the Non-commissioned Officers, and private Arrears.

Ordered, That all the Petitions and Reports be referred Horsemen, of the late Enniskillin Regiment, that was com-to a Committee, to separate the same, according to the manded by Brigadier Wil. Wolseley, deceased, was presaid Resolution: sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the

And it is referred to Lord Marquis of Harrington, Mr. Accounts of the said Regiment, for their Service in Hervey, Sir Tho. Mackxvorth, Lord Powlett, Sir Tho. the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety, and One Meers, Mr. Ja. Bridges, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Hammond, Mr. thousand Six hundred Ninety-one, are stated by the Walsh, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Poultney, Mr. late Commissioners of Accounts; and the Balances due Brewer, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Cecill, Mr. Mounstevens, to the Commissioned Officers certified; and Debentures.

Lord Cutts, Mr. Graham, Sir John Leveson Gower, Sir issued by the Paymaster for the same; and the Ba-Walter Young, Mr. Clerke, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Rowney> lances due to the Non-commissioned Officers, and private Sir Edward Turner, Lord Hyde, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe Horsemen, of each Troop, noted upon the respective Mr. Carter, Mr. Rayner, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Treden- Captains Certificates: But the Words in the late Act for ham, Mr. How, Mr. Har court, Dr. Davenant, Mr. delivering out of Debentures expressing only for Commis-Gauntlett, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Bryan Stapleton^ Sir Tho. sioned Officers, the Debentures for the Balances of the JVagstaffe, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Thynn, Non-commissioned Officers and private Horsemen's Pay Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ogle, Mr. cannot be obtained: And praying the Consideration of Wm. Bridges, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Lord Combury, Sir the House in the Premises; and to direct, That a Clause Jeffrey Jeffreys, Mr. Woodroff] Sir Henry LyddeU, Sir may be inserted for authorizing the Commissioners of Ac-Charles Hedges, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Pendaiwis, Sir counts, and the Paymaster General, to issue Certificates Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Churchill, Sir and Debentures for the Balances due to the Non-commis-Robert Cotton, Sir John Cotton, Sir Tho. Travail, Mr. sioned Officers, and private Troopers, as aforesaid.

Marks, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Smith, Mr. Roberts: And all Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet

upon Monday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon: A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford

And are to sit de die in diem. and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Stool's A Motion being made, and the Question being put, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cottonian

Petition. That the Petition of Mary Stout, formerly presented to for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in Library,

the House, be read, upon Thursday Morning next, in a the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house, in the full House; Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the

It passed in the Negative. Publick, without any Amendments: And also,

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, To the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Court of Norwich That the said Petition be read upon this Day Sevennight; Requests, or Conscience, in the City and County of the Small Debu*

It passed in the Negative. ' City of Norwich, for Recovery of small Debts under

Ordered, That the Petition of Mary Stout be read Forty Shillings, without any Amendments, upon Wednesday come Sevennight And then the Messengers withdrew.

Preservation Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-of Protestant night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Religion, Upon 3j|j j*or better Preservation of the Protestant Religion; and for preventing the Translation of Bishops from one See to another.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

LuncEj 2° die Junii;

130 Gulielmi Tertii, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

Dillc-./s n ESOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-

Divorce. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Bigg's Estate. . Sir John Kay reported from the Committee, to whom ‘ the Bill to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate, in the County of Hartford, with the Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards.

Vo L. 13.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lady Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, BulkelyV An Act to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Estate*

Bulkely to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of Debts:

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon thq Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title, instead of " Lady," read " Viscountess and, after " Bulkeley," add " of Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House had agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Carter, according to Order, presented to the Estates given House a Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and to supersti-other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and tious Uscs* for applying the sa/ne to Greenwich Hospital: And the same was received.

The Lord Combury reported from the Committee, to Hide's whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.;

Act for vesting the Estate of Humphrey Hide Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger j

Children, was committed, That they had examined the ,*

Allegations in the Bill contained, and found the same to f,

be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; I

7 L and j

2° Junii. . A. 1701.

that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and a Second time* one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Mr. Brotherton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for satisfying the Deficiency of the Monies for making the Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's-inn felds: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Archibald Arthur; and enabling him to settle and dispose of his Estate; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Archibald Arthur; and enabling > him to settle and dispose of his Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitfeld do carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Par? cel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hoblin, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Gower, Sir John Philips, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Birch, Sir John Kay, Lord JVm. Powlet t. Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Yates, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Owen, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Randy, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Walpole; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Lincoln: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they inquire into what Grants have been made contrary to the last Act.

Irish The Lord Cutts, according to Order, presented to the

Forfeitures. House a Bill for erecting a Corporation for the purchasing the Irish forfeited Estates: And the same was received.

Sale of Lands An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act in South for the vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in Pickeuham. South Pickenham, and other Places, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such and the same Uses as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested are and stand settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

M inehead The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Harbour. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill intituled, An Act for the recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom:

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by. one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Skin, 2 Line, after " Sum," add ec of."

39 L. leave out " or either."

43 L. after " Trustees," add c< or the major Part of them."

8 Skin, 37 L. leave out the interlined Word " been." Ordered, That Sir Jacob Banks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Duchy of*

Cornwall

Leases.

New Way

to Lincoln's-inn-fields.

Arthur's

Nat.

A Petition of Jonathan Langley Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner raised and rommandeda Company of One hundred Men in the Regiment commanded by the Honourable Colonel Francis Russell, late Governor of Barbados; and served in that Island from the first going over of the said Regiment, being First Captain; and for great Part of the Time, was obliged to support his own Men out of his own Pocket and Credit, Returns being very difficult and uncertain, by reason of the late War with France; and was twice taken Prisoner by the French in his Return, and lost that little he had got by that troublesome Voyage; and, procuring the Ship, in which he was taken, to be ransomed, was, under God, the Instrument of preventing both the West-India and Virginia Fleets from being made Prisoners by the French, by giving seasonable Advice to their Excellencies the then Lords Justices: And praying he may be inserted in the List of Officers in Half-pay, to commence from the Disbanding of the said Regiment; and be otherwise considered for his Services and Losses, as shall be thought most fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to w hom it was referred to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay, shall be made.

A Petition of William Adams Gentleman was presented Pitt®, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was appointed Ensign to Captain Lodozcick Carlisle his Company of Foot, in the Regiment commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Drogheda, in Ireland, the Sixteenth of September One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine; and served therein till the said Regiment was broke: That the Petitioner's Brother, Lieutenant Thomas Adams, w as slain in the said Regiment at the Siege of Carrickfergus in Deland; to whom there was, and is yet, due the Sum of Thirty-eight Pounds Five Shillings, both for his Pay, and also for furnishing his Company with Stockings and Shoes: Which Monies are due to the Petitioner, as Heir and Administrator to his said Brother:

That the Petitioner hath, ever since, served his Majesty as a Volunteer, in Hopes of Preferment, both in Flanders and England, and now belongs to his Majesty's Regiment of Foot Guards: That by virtue of his Commission, he humbly hopes, he is within the Intentions of the House for Half-pay, until otherwise provided for: And praying,

That he may be inserted in the List of Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay, shall be made.

A Petition of Captain William Folchier Despierres was Ditto* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner served his Majesty, in Scotland\ as Captain in the Regiment of Foot commanded by the Honourable Sir William Douglas as Colonel, from the Time of the first raising that Regiment, until the Tenth of December One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven: That having had no Allowance, nor Half-pay, he hath contracted Debts for his Subsistence: And praying the House to grant,

That he may be inserted in the List of Officers, and intitled to Half-pay, until otherwise provided for.

Resolved, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report of the Committee, unto whom it was referred to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay, shall be made. \

A Petition of Thomas Holmdev, and others, Administra- King's Bend* tors, with the Will annexed, of Antony Smith, Mariner, *nd Fleel was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That 1 rls<ms‘ Thomas Bromhall, in One thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven, did borrow of the said Smith Five hundred Pounds; and for Security thereof, did mortgage to him some Lands, which he held, at the Rent of Forty Pounds per Annum, of the Mayor and Burgesses of Shrewsbury; and a Lease of a small House in London: That about Three Years after, Bromhall died, having, by his Will, given the

Equity

*3 W. III. 2° — 3

Equity of Redemption of the Premises to his Wife and Executrix: Whereupon, the said Smith did afterwards, for a further Sum paid to her, purchase of her the same; and was put into Possession thereof: That, Two Years after Smith's Purchase, the said Lands were extended, upon a Recognizance of One thousand Six hundred Pounds, which Bromhall had, about Thirteen Yearn before the Purchase, entered into for Security of Money given to a Charity; and, upon that Extent, the said Smith was forced, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Eighty-three, to pay to one Edw. Kinmston Esquire, Four hundred Twenty-five Pounds more; upon which, the said Recognizance, by a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was assigned to Smith: That, Bromhall being, in his Life-time, and at his Death, seised of the Inheritance of the Office of Warden of the Fleet, the Prison-houses and Shops thereunto belonging, which were affected by the said Recognizance; but were by him pre-mortgaged to one Henry Norwood Esquire; Smith thereupon exhibited his Bill in Chancery against the said Norwood, and others, to have the said Four hundred Twenty-five Pounds, and Interest, paid out of the said Office; and, in One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, Smith obtained a Decree to redeem Norwood\ who had the First Mortgage, and to have all Smith's said Money, and Demands, out of the said Office, after Nomood was Satisfied his Mortgage^money: That, in One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-two, there being a Bill in this House, % vhich passed into an Act, for Sale of the said Office and Houses, on behalf of the Heir of the said Bromhall, Smithy upon his Petition, had his Claim to the said Office and Houses saved to him in the said Act, by a Proviso therein: That also, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-six, there being another Bill in this House, which passed into an Act, for the more effectual Relief of Creditors, in Cases of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and pretended privileged Places; the said Smithy upon his Petition, had his, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Claim to the said Office and Houses particularly saved to him, and them, by a Proviso in that Act: That the Petitioners are informed, there is now a Bill depending before the House, to regulate the said Prison of the Fleet; in which there is no saving Clause for the Petitioners Right, as they are informed: And praying the y may have a saving Clause in this Bill, as they have had in former Acts of this Kind; or other Relief, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, shall be taken into Consideration.

ill Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to sen e in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of Hugh JBoscawen Esquire,'deceased.

>U3 An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Restraining of trifling and vexatious Suits in Law, wa9 read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

g An ingrossed Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for Assaying of wrought Plate, according to the present Standard, and affixing the Britannia Mark thereon, in those Cities where Mints were lately erected for re-coining the Money of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed:

Pr. L. *y to leave out " by the Authority aforesaid

And the same was, upon the Question, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters Vqe. 13.

Junil 591

for Assaying wrought Plate in the Cities of York, Exeter,

Bmtolly Chester, and Norwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Brothertan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Tax* the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr., Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ways and the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Mean9» Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, which was ordered to be made this Day, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 3° die Junii;

130 Gulielmi Tertii, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Acts therein Theft on mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon' Northern the Northern Borders of England, was read the Third Boiders* time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

t

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act to prevent false F.lectio* and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament Returns* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing a former Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Estates given Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for t0suPer-applying the same to Greemvich Hospital; was read the stltI0US — First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thw'sday Morning next;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Nottingham Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the E,ection-Borough of Nottingham, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee of the whole Raising House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, although the Months Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

59 3

3° Junii.

A-1701.

Prisons.

delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

King's Bench A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, Traders in the and Fleet Woollen Manufacture, on behalf of themselves, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having sustained great Losses, by the ill Practices of the Marshal and Warden of the Kings Bench and Fleet; and understanding, that there is a Bill depending in this House, for regulating the said Prisons; which, the Petitioners humbly conceive, will be of great Advantage to the trading Part of the Kingdom: And praying the House will pass the same, with such Amendments as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be read.

Gaaly's

Petition.

New Way to

Lincoln's-

inu-Fields.

Billon's

Divorce.

Lynn Work-house.

Leave of Absence*

Message from Lords,

Ways and Means.

A Petition of Peter de Gaaly, Brother and Executor of Brigadier D'Cambou, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put, that the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for making good the Deficiency of an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln s-inn-Jields, and Places adjacent, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mompesson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr* Mompesson reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read the Third time.

: Resolved\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. JValpool do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cocks have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who w ere appointed to consider of the Message from the Lords on Saturday last, and to draw up an Answ er thereunto, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had airected him to report to the House; which he read in

his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

viz.

] st, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty Shillings a Man be allowed for Levy-money for the Five thousand Recruits to be raised for the Service of the States General.

2d, Resolved, That, &c. That the Allowances for Contingencies for the Ten thousand Men be Six thousand Pounds.

3d, Resolved, That, &c. That One hundred Seventy-two thousand Eight hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Tea Shillings be allowed for the Pay of the Twelve Battalions.

4th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Sum of Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, be allowed for the Pay of the General Officers.

5th, Resoloed, That, &c. That the Sum of Nine thousand Two. hundred Sixty-four Pounds, for Poundage, be deducted out of the aforesaid Allowances.

6th, Resolved, That* &c. That a Duty be laid upon all low Wines, or Spirksof the First Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture with foreign or imported Materials.

7th, Resolved, That, &c. That a Duty be laid upon all low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from Brewers Wash and Tilts.

8th, Resolved, That^ &c* That a Duty be laid upon all low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from Drink or Wash brewed or made from any Sort of malted Corn.

9th, Resolved, That, &c. That a Duty be laid upon all low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort or Kind of English Materials.

10th, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duty upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixtures with foreign or imported Materials, be Sixpence per Gallon.

11th, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duty upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from Brewers Wash or Tilts, be Two-pence per Gallon.

12th, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duty upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from Drink or Wash, brewed or made from any Sort of malted Com, be One Peny per Gallon.

13th, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duty upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort or Kind of English Materials, be One Peny Halfpeny per Gallon.

14th, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Five Years, to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred.

15th, Resolved, That, &c. That the weekly Sum of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds be charged ob the several Rates and Duties of the hereditary and temporary Excise, and granted for the Term of Five Years, to commence from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred.

iCth, Resolved, That, &c. That the several Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, and other Duties, granted by an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of his Maj, estys Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service, for the Reduction of Ireland, and continued by another Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, be further continued.

17th, Resolved, That, See. That , foe said Duties be continued, from the Thirtieth of April One thousand Seven hundred and One, for the Term of Five Years.

18th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Duties laid upon Hawkers and Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and 1, continued.

13 W. III. 3° Junii.503

continued by another Act lhade in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, be further continued.

19th, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duties be continued, from the Twenty-third of June One thousand Seven hundred and One, for the Term of Five Years.

20th? Resolved, That, &c. That the Poundage deducted out of the Defalcations made, by the Paymaster of the Navy, on account of Slop Cloaths, dead Men's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplain, and Surgeon, be applied to the Use of the Publick.

21st, Resolved\ That, &c. That the Duties laid on all Muslins imported, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, be further continued.

22d, Resolved, That, &c. That the said Duties be continued, from the Twenty-eighth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and One, for the Term of Tive Years.

23d, Resolved, That, &c. That the Overplus of the publick Funds, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred, be applied to the publick Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One.

24th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Arrears of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, due and ending at Christrnas One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, be applied to the publick Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One.

25th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum on French Goods, and Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines, for One Year, be appropriated for the same Service.

26th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Rent of Hackney Coaches for One Year be appropriated for the same Service.

27th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Duty of Two-and-twenty-pence per Pound Weight, on wrought Silks imported from India, until Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and One, be appropriated to the same Service.

28th, Resolved, That, See. That the Duty of Five Shillings per Ton on French Shipping for One Year, be appropriated for the same Service.

29th, Resolved, That, &e. That the Duties upon all Japan and lacquered Goods imported, be paid after the Rate the same shall be sold at the Candle.

30th, Resolved, That, &c. That the Duties granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Encouraging of Coinage, be further continued, from the First Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and One, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

The First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Six-pence;" and'inserting, instead thereof, " Four-pence:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said Duty upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixtures with foreign or imported Materials, be Four-pence per Gallon.

The Eleventh Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Two-pence;" and inserting, instead thereof, <l One Peny:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Duty upon

Vat, 13. 4

low Wines, of Spirits of the First Extraction, made or dr^wn from Brewers Wash or Tilts, be One Peny per Gallon.

The Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, and Nineteenth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Twentieth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Paymaster;" and inserting " Paymasters," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Poundage deducted out of the Defalcation^ made by the Paymasters of the Navy, on Account of Slop-CIoaths, dead Men's Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplain, and Surgeon, be applied to the Use of the Publick; ,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth*

Teller, for, he Y^SSSL, 86.

Teller, for ,be Noe^"* 1104.

So it passed in the Negative.

The One-and-twentieth, Two-and-twentieth, Three-and twentieth, Four-and-twentieth, Five-and-twentieth, Six-and-twentieth, and Seven-and-twentiethResolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Twenty-eighth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed therein, by leaving out a for One Year:"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Seven hundred and Two:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Duty of Five Shillings per Ton, on French Shipping, be appropriated to the same Service, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Two.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee appointed to search Precedents, and draw up an Answer to the Message from the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same 7 M with

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Committees.

Duties on Salt.

v

Insolvent Debtors.

Duchy of Cornwall Leases.

594

38 — 40

A. 1761

v ith less Charge to the Publick; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, in a full House.

And then the Iloutfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercwii, 4° die;

13* Gulielmi Tertii, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

RDERED, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt w as committed, be discharged from proceeding thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a private Committee:

And it is referred to Lord , Sir Sam.

diston, Mr. Yates, Lord Cornbur Mr. Ash, Mr. Chanda

hr, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Mun-naton, Mr. Gape, Sir Robert Davers, Earl of Dyscrt, Mr.. England, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Ashurst, Mr. Cross, Sir John Mordant, Lord Cheine, Mr. Topham, Mr Mr. Dyott, Mr. Ray tier, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mompcsson, Mr. Hopkins, Admiral Aylmer, Sir John Kay; and all that serve for Yorkshire and And they are ,to

meet this Afternoon, at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Onlered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall \or annexed to the same; and for Confirma-

tion of Leases and Grants already made; is committed; have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ships let the Cohimoni know, That they will proceed to the Tryal of any of the impeached Lords, whom the Commons should be first ready to begin with, so as there may be no Occasion taken from thence for any unreasonable Delay in the Prosecution of any of them: And further to acquaint them, That, having searched their own Journals, they do not find, that, alter a general Impeachment, there has ever been so long a Delay of bring- > ing up the particular Articles of Impeachment, sitting the Parliament; and therefore the Lords do think they had Reason to assert, That it was a hardship to the Two Liords concerned, especially after their Lordships had put the House of Commons in mind of exhibiting such Articles; and not agreeable to the usual Proceedings in Parliament: And as the Lords do not controvert what Right the Commons may have of impeaching, in general Terms, if they please; so the Lords, in whom the Judicature does intirely reside, think themselves obliged to assert, That the Right of limiting a convenient Time for bringing the particular Charge before them, for the avoiding Delay ia Justice, is lodged in them.

The Lords hope the Commons, on their Part, will be as careful not to do any thing that may tend to the Interruption of the good Correspondence between the Two Houses, as the Lords shall ever be, on their Part: And the best Way to preserve that, is, for neither of the Two Houses to exceed those Limits, which the Law and Custom of Parliament have already established. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lord to enable Robert Lord Viscount Kilmorey, in the Kingdom Kilmorey'* of Ireland, being an Infant, to settle divers Manors, Lands, FjState-and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage, without Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for removing the County Hertford Gaol of Hertford, without any Amendments. County GaoL

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

1

Pynvot's, Mr. Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Nat. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Augustine Pynyot, and others, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

Press 1.L6. after " France," insert " James Bruce, " Son of James Bruce, by Magdulain his Wife, born at " Nantes in Brittany, in

L. iS» alter " Pynyot," insert " James

" Bruce."

L. 29. the same.

Press 2. L. 2. leave out " she."

L. 8. after " ," insert " James Bruce."

Bigg'sEstate. An ingrossed Bill to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate, in the County of Hertford, with the Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate, in the County of Hertjord, with the Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ilolford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Ixird Somer* The Lords do think fit, upon Occasion of the Message Impeach- from this House of the One-and-thirtieth of May, to ac-hjcuu quaint this House, That having been desired by the Lord Somers, That a Day may be appointed for his speedy Tryal; and their Lordships, finding no Issue joined by Replication of the House of Commons, judge it proper to give them Notice thereof, that the Commons may reply, if they think fit; And at the same time their Lord-

Mr. Brewer reported, from the Committee, to whom Army Debts,

the Petition of several Colonels of the Army, in behalf of themselves, and others; and also the Petition of Colonel William Seymour, Sir Harry Dutton Colt, Administrators to Colonel Edward Dutton Colt, Colonel Harry Mordmit, and Colonel Thomas Brudeneil, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Officers of the Four late Marine Regiments, were referred; the Matter as it appeared to the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That upon hearing the Petitioners, and several Persons by them produced to make good the Allegations of their Petition:

It appeared to the Committee, That, upon the raising of a Regiment, Cloathing is immediately provided; and, for the Satisfaction of Tradesmen, who furnished the same, a Minute was made in Council, That the Cloathing Part of the Pay should be paid to the Year's End, although the Regiments should happen to be disbanded sooner:

That Cloathing is always provided for the Number of the Establishment, without any Regard to Defectives by Loss in Service, Sickness, Desertion, or otherwise:

That, in November and December One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, near a Third Part; Twelve Drummers, Twelve Serjeants, Twelve Corporals, and Two hundred and Thirty Men, were reduced out of every Regiment; and, in February following, several Regiments were intirely disbanded; w hereby the Fund for Cloathing ceased, and thereby a great Deficiency in that Payment happened; for that, at the Pay Office, they make na Allowance for Cloathing, any longer than the Men are upon the Muster-rolls.

And the great Discount upon publick Payment, at that time, increased the Deficiency of the Cloathing Part of the Pay; for that many of the Clothiers offered to cloatho for Half the Price in ready Money, as on the Tallies had from the Treasury:

13 That,

3fi*

Ac.

W

Duties on S*alt.

Supply Bill; Appropriating Excise, &c»

Leave of Absence.

Barbadoes Admini-stratum of Justice.

r 3 W. III. 4° Junii. 595

That, upon the aforesaid Reduccment and Disbanding JameCov.se, having waited in vain for the Sitting of a in November, December, and February, One thousand Six Council, came for to have the said Appeal al-

hundred Ninety-seven, the Men, by the King's express lowed; and though his Majesty in Council has been gra-Orders, were to take with them their Cloaths, although ciously pleased to direct, That the Petitioners be admitted the same could not be paid till the First of April fol- to their Appeal, yet the Hearing is put olf to November lowing, about which time the Cloaths were provided, and next, to their great Prejudice; whereas, if the said Clothe Payment for them commenced, in each Year: vernorhad allowed, when demanded, the Petitioner might

That the Cloathing Part of the Pay, as well as Sub- have had a Hearing, and saved Eight Months Delay, and sistence, is stopped upon all Respites for defective Men; Attendance in to the Neglect of his Affairs in

and no Credit given for Cloathing, but to the very Day that Island: And praying the House to take the Premises of the Men being reduced or disbanded: into Consideration, and to provide such Remedy for the

That upon the Colonels contracting with the Clothiers, same, that the Petitioners, and others, may not meet with the Colonels gave them Assignments of the Cloathing the like Usage for the future.

Part of the Pay, upon the Paymaster; and concluded Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Acceptance of those Assignments to be sufficient be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Discharges to them against the Clothiers: Thomas Hodges is referred.

But, notwithstanding, the Clothiers have, on that account, commenced Suits, and obtained Verdicts, in Law, Mr. according to Order, reported, from the Answer to

against the Colonels who contracted with them for the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Mes- Lortls Mes* Cloaths on the Regiments Account, as if the same had sage from the Lords, of Saturday last, and search Prece- ^get^s|'^c_t* been upon their own personal Credit. dents in relation thereunto, and prepare on Answer to the pcachmcing

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, said Message, That they had considered the said Message, until the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the and searched Precedents, and had drawn up an Answer w hole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-Accounts of the Kingdom. livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was onco

read; and then a Second time. Paragraph by Paragraph;

A Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses h the Duties and, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House; upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge and is as followed); viz.

to the Publick; was, according to Order, read a Second The Commons, on Consideration of your Lordships time. Message to them of the 31 st of May, concerning the

Resolved, That d)e Bill be committed to a Committee Earl of Orford, think it their undoubted Right, when of the whole House. several Persons stand impeached before your Lordships,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- to bring to Tryal such of tliqm, in die First Place, as the ing next, resolve it-elf into a Committee of the whole Commons apprehend, from the Nature of die Evidence,

House, upon the said Bill. ought to be proceeded against; to die Intent all such

Offenders may, in due time, be brought to Justice; and Mr. L(kendes, according to Order, presented so the that no Day ought to be appointed by your Lordships,

House a Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven bun- for die Tryal of any Impeachment by the Commons, dred Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, witlxHit some previous Signification to your Lordships for publick LTsc; anil for making Provision for the Ser- from the Commons, of their being ready to proceed vice of his Majesty's Household and Family; and other thereon.

his necessary Occasions: And the same was received; The Commons could- hot receive this Message from and read the First time. your Lordships, without the greatest Surprize; your

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Lordships Proceedings, in this Case, being neither warrant-

ed by Precedents, nor, ns the Commons conceive, consist-Ordered, That Mr. I.minor have Leave to go into the ent with the Methods of Justice, or with Reason: Where-Country, to bury his Father-in-law. fore the Commons cannot agree to the Day appointed

by your lordships for the Tryal of the Earl of Orjord.

A Petition of James Cou se Esquire, and Elizabeth his As to your Lordships Message at the same time, relate-Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting ing to the Earl of Portland, and Charles Lord Hall]fax; forth, That the Petitioners, some time since, filed a Bill the Commons take the same to be w ithout Precedent, and in the Court of Chancery, in the Island of Barbadoes, unparliamentary; and conceive your Lordships frequent against William Sharpe Esquire, a Member of the Conn- Repetition thereof, in so short a time after the Commons cil, and of the said Court, for the Recovery of Five had transmitted to your Lordships their Articles against thousand Five hundred and Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings, Two of the impeached Lords, and were daily preparing and the Interest thereof; to which Bill the said Defendant their Articles against the others, manifestly tends to the having pleaded and demurred, near Fourteen Months Delay of Justice, in obstructing the TryaJs of the iw-passed before the Petitioners could bring on the said Plea peached Lords, by introducing Disputes, in Breach of anil Demurrer to be argued, by reason of the great De- that good Correspondence berween the Two Houses, lays, and frequent Adjournments, of the said Court, and which ought inviolably to be preserved, the great Power and Interest of the said William Sharpie: Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do cariy the said Answer

That, upon Argument of the said Plea and Demurrer, to the Lords, on the 6th November 1700, the Petitioners Bill was dismissed; and thereupon they applied themselves, within A Message from the Lords, by 3ir Richard Fourteen Days, to the Honourable Ralph Grey Esquire, and Mr. Pitt:

Governor of the said Island, to be admitted to tf»eir Ap- Mr. Speaker,

peal to lib Majesty in Council, pursuant to his Majesty's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wcdde's &c Instructions to the said Governor: But, though the Liberty naturalizing Caspar Cordoso Harman Van fVedde, and Sat. ol appealing be due, of common Right, and the said others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this

Instructions are positive, that Appeals shall be allowed in House. Also,

such Cases; and though it had always, till then, been the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act on

constant Practice of the said Governor, and otlrer pre- for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Northern ceding Governors, of that Island, to allow Appeals, Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of IlordlT3-

without the Concurrence of the Council; yet the said without any Amendments.

Governor did refuse to admit such their Appeal, until he And then the Messengers withdrew.

6hould advise with die Council: Whereupon the Petitioner Vol. 13. A

59* 4 — 5'

Lord Somers' A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Impeach- That the ingrossed Replication to the Answer of the ment- Lord Somers to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, fora* Y

TellerstoU*^.^, } ,4,.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Message from the Lords this Day, touching the Impeachments, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning*

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered> That all Committees be revived*

And then the House adjourned till Tonnorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviSj 5° die Junii;

130 Gulielmi Tertii, Anno <761.

Prayers.

DilWs \/\ R* Mompcsson, according to Order, reported from Divorce. JLVX the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had heard the Counsel and Witnesses on the Part of Sir John Dillon, to make good the Allegations in the Bill; but that the Lady Dillon, or any Person for her, did not attend upon her Petition; although it appeared, that Sir John Dillon had offered her Agent Money, to enable her to make her Defence before the Committee; and that thereupon the Committee proceeded upon the Bill, and went through with it; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mews* Mr. Jervois reported from the Committee, to whom

Name. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to the Surname of Saint John, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.,

Conduct df Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Whitaker, whom it was referred to inquire into the Behaviour of Mr. Solicitor^ Whit acre, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Estates given A Petition of Henry Termer, Ralph Skelddn, Thomas to super- Stoner, John Weedon, Esquires, and Winifred Brooke, sptions Uses. Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the Petition of Lewis Garrard, suggesting he had made great Discoveries of Lands given to superstitious Uses, a Bill is brought in to vest such Lands in Greemvich Hospital, and some Part thereof inThe Informers: That the said pretended Discovery is an Inquisition taken at Wheatley, in Com Ovon, the 16th Day of October

Junii. A. 1701.

last, before John la Prctdell, send other Strangers and Foreigners, in the said County, of die Oath of One Necillj and other obscure mean Persons, whereby, without pro-ducingany Deed, or Copy of any Deed, the Petitioners Estates, which, for valuable Considerations of Marriage, were settled on them, and their Posterities, are found to be given to superstitious Uses: That the said Commissioners never returned the said Inquisition into the Petit Hag Office, or Exchequer, as by Law they ought; whereby the Petitioners were deprived of their Traverse thereunto, and such Means as the Lawr allows of, to defend their Possessions and Titles: That the Petitioners doubt not but they shall make it fully appear to the House, that the said Inquisition was found by undue Means, and contrary to all Truth; and that the said Gerrard, and his Accomplices, under a specious pretence of Discovery, are seeking to mend their broken Fortunes out of the Petitioners Estates: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Edward Douglas, One of the Deputy naif.pJy, Commissaries to the Two old Marine Regiments, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having been appointed One of the Deputy Commissaries to the late Two old Marine Regiments, and served as such till the said Regiments were broke;

That the House, by their Votes of the 27th of April 1699, having thought fit to allow* Half-pay to such Officers as were in the Regiments at the time of Disbanding, who were not cleared, nor any way provided for; That the Petitioner never received any Pay, neither Subsistence, nor otherwise; and there being a considerable Arrear due to him, and he being omitted in the Establishment for Half-pay: And praying, the House would be pleased, as n he is intitled to Half-pay. by the Votes aforesaid, to order,

That he may be added to the List of Half-pay; and that he may have the same Benefit thereof, as Sir Thomas Knatchbull Commissary, and George Gillard the other Deputy, hath.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay;

It passed in the Negative*

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Dutieso» the Society of Merchant Adventurers within the City of Bristo/l, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed a Bill is brought in, proposing to restrain the Refining of Rock Salt; which, they humbly conceive, may tend to bring that Commodity into a Monopoly, and further advance the extravagant Price thereof, to the general Prejudice of his Majesty's Subjects, but especially to the Navigation and Trade of this City; and occasion more Ships belonging to this, and the Ports of this Channel, to victual in Ireland:

And praying, the House will take into Consideration the great Disadvantage that will accrue to this City, and the Trade and Navigation thereof, in case the Price of Salt shall be further advanced, by a Combination of the Refiners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Collins, late Ensign in his Ma- Half-pay. jesty's Regiment of Foot, commanded by the Honourable Colonel William Northcott, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath faithfully served his Majesty, as an Ensign in the said Regiment, for several Years: That ia December 1695, he being then in the Royal Citadel at Plymouth, upon Duty, it pleased God to visit him with a violent Fit of Sickness, which was attended with a malignant Fever,

which

I3 W. III. 5° Junii.

597

‘ which occasioned a Gangrene in his Left Leg* which was forced to be amputated in the said Citadel; by means whereof he is utterly incapable of serving his Majesty, or of getting a Maintenance, w hereby to subsist: And praying, That he may be admitted into the Number of those that are to receive Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay.

lifax The Lord Fairfax reported from the Committee, to r. w hom the Bill for erecting and making a Corporation within the Town of Halifax; and for the better Relief and Government of the Poor there; was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir X a8

tellers for the 1 eas,£Sir JVm S 4

Tellers for the Noes f Sir Robert > g

tellers for the IN oes,£Mr $ 7°‘

So it passed in the Negative.

olvetit Ordercdy That Mr. Brotherton and Mr. Offlty be added btors. to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed.

ale Water- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford

rks- and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for furnishing the Town of New Deale with fresh Water, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

>rds Mes- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take ge respect- into Consideration the Message Yesterday from the g the lm- Lords, relating to the Impeachments: achments. ^\nd the same being read;

jnference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, sired. upon the Subject-matter of the said Message.

Ordered, That the said Message be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Im-, peachments: And that they do draw up w hat is to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference.

ipply Bill; A Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred ipropri- Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for

ing Excise, publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service

L of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his

necessary Occasions; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lams on A Petition of Sir John JVolstenholme Baronet, Thomas

xci&e Freuen Esquire, Gilbert Whitehall, and Robert William-

EYdiiie. S0)}^ in of themselves, and many Thousands more,

who are intitled to annual Rents, or Sums payable out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Encouragement of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of King Charles the Second, his said Majesty became indebted to the Petitioners, several Goldsmiths, and others, above Thirteen hundred thousand Pounds; in Lieu and Satisfaction whereof, by Letters Patents, in the

Twenty-ninth Year of his Reign, did grant, out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, to each of the Patentees, their Heirs and Assigns, annual Rents, or Sums, for near Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, after the Rate of Six per Cent, for ever, or till the Principal Sum, together with Arrears of Rent, should be paid to whom it should belong: That the said yearly Rents, or Sums, were paid to Lady-day 1683; ^ie Proprietors not obtaining further Payments, there is Eighteen Years Arrears of Rent due at Lady-day 1701: That, after Ten Years Prosecution of the Cause, in tJie several Courts of Law, by the Petitioner Williamson, the said Patents have, in the most solemn Manner, been affirmed to be a good Title; and that those yearly Rents, or Sums, and the Arrears thereof, ought to be paid out of that Revenue of Excise:

That all the Proprietors, under those Patents, have the very same Right and Title to their respective annual Rents, or Sums, and the Arrears thereof, out of the hereditary Excise, as the said Williamson hath; and, upon the like Process in Law, it is presumed, they may all obtain the like Justice; but it appears by the Votes of the 23d of May, that this House is intending to dispose of great Sums of Money, arising out of the Revenues mentioned in the Act for his Majesty's Houshold, &c.: And praying, That their legal Rights and Properties, in the hereditary Revenue of Excise, may be preserved, as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Thomas Frczcen Esquire was presented to Privilege of the House I a Member iii

And the same relating to Mr. Aiskby, a Member of a Suit* this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till Mr. Aislaby be in the House.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Supply Bill; Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the Land Tax-whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, for defraying the Expence of his Navy,

Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; was committed.

And several of the Amendments to the Bill were read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Upon reading the List of the Commissioners for the County of Dorsett;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That William Chaplyn do stand a Commissioner therein for the said County:

And it was passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question was put,

That Daniel Mitchell be added as a Commissioner:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

U pon reading the List of the Commissioners for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That Robert Snelling be added a Commissioner for the said Borough:

And it passed in the Negative.

Upon the reading the List of Commissioners for the County of Suffolk;

A Motion was made, and the Question w'as put, That Richard Porter be a Commissioner for the said County:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te.lmfor.heY} «'

Tellers for the Noesi^r' Brother}, 2(3

£Alr. Goreuig: }

So it passed in the Negative.

Upon reading the List of the Commissioners for the County of Surrey;

A Motion was made, and the Question w as put, That Godfrey Woodward be a Commissioner for the said County:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

7 N Tellers

h

Commissioners of Accounts.

Nottingham

Election.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Barbadoes Administration of Justice.

598 5 —

TelUrs for the V'"lsir /»c: ] , S-

So it passed in the Negative.

Upon reading the List of the Commissioners for the County of Anglesca;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That David Lloyd be added a Commissioner for the said County:

It passed in the Negative.

Upon reading the List of the Commissioners for the County of Denbigh;

Several Motions were successively made, for adding the several Persons following to be Commissioners for the said County; viz. Robert Aliddlcton Esquire, John Heaton of the Greer?, John Williams of P out e-Guet hell, Hugh Clough of Llexvellin, John Lloyd of Wicker:

And, upon the Question severally put upon them;

It passed in the Negative.

All the other Lists of Commissioners, and the rest of the Amendments to the Bill, to the Clauses, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the' House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, before the House proceed upon the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the public k Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Nottingham, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to Greenwich Hospital; be read a Second lime upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Junii;

Junii. . 1701.

Liberty to begin a new Suit; soon after which the said Gibbs died; having first, as the Petitioner is informed, settled his Estate in the best manner he could, to keep the same from being liable to satisfy the Petitioners Demands; inso much that, he is now advised, he lieth. under a Necessity to sue for the same in the Chancery of the said Island, the Judicature of yhich consists of the Governor, and Twelve Gentlemen, who are the Council of the said Island, and who, for the most part, are Merchants or Planters, and great Dealers in the said Island; and, in a Place no larger than that, must of Necessity be interested in many Causes that coine before them; and some of them now, and ever since the Commencement of the said Suit, have been, as the Petitioner is informed, interested in the Consequence of the said Suit, though they be not directly therein named; inso much that he cannot prevail with his Fellow Executors to run the Hazard of any further Proceedings there, till that Court be better regulated, they fearing the like Success; whereby the Infants will be totally deprived of the said Money: And praying, That the House would take into Consideration the great Hardship it is to the Petitioner, and many others, to have their Causes heard and determined by the major Votes of Persons frequently interested in the Causes that come before them; and that some Remedy may be provided, to prevent the like Mischiefs for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to which the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire is referred.

A Bill for making good the Deficiency of an Act, made New Way to in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his present Majesty, Lincol]n's* intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual making a mn fdt convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln s-inn-Jiclds, and Places adjacent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother-ton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Birch, Mr. Owen, Mr. England,

Sir Robert Davers, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Bromley,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Topham, Lord Fairfax, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir John Cordell, Mr. Jolliffe,

Sir Jerv. Elwes, Capt. Dyott, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Gape,

Mr. Darcy, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Mounstervcns, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Granville, Mr.

Cross, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Cary, Sir Ant. Ozctn, Mr. Rayner, Mr. Drake, Mr. St one house: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Isaac Hawkins, of the Inner Temple, Esquire, One of the Executors of Babara Newton, late of Barbadoes, deceased, for and on the behalf of divers Infants, Legatees of the said Barbara, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Newton having, some time before her Death, brought an Action of Debt, in the said Island, against John Gibbs Esquire, late One of the Council of the said Island, on a Bond of Thirty thousand Pounds Penalty, whereon there was about Six thousand Pounds then justly due to her, the Court of Law did give a groundless Judgment against her; whereupon she brought a Writ of Error, in the Court of Errors, which affirmed the said Judgment; whereupon she exhibited a Bill in the Court of Chancery of the said Island, for Relief; but the said Court of Chancery, consisting of the same Persons who were Judges of the Writ of Error, some of whom were, ns the Petitioner is informed, interested in the said Suit, her Bill was dismissed; whereupon she applied to the King in Council against the said Judgment and Decree, and died before the same came to a Hearing; having made the Petitioner One of her Executors, who, with his Fellow Executors, brought the said Cause to a Hearing the 15th of August 1695, when his Majesty set aside the said Judgment and Decree, and left the Petitioner, and his Fellow Executors, at

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Raising Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for One Year, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing w lDtt* several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate,

Spices, and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered . Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty; for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Francis Godolphin Esquire, was pre- Estates gi* sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the tosupersu-Petitioner is informed, That a Bill is brought in for the ous UicJ better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given 13 to

13 W. III.

to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to Greenwich Hospital; which, if the same should pass, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioner s Right in and to the real and personal Estate of Sir Wm. Godo/phin, deceased; and will overturn the Settlement thereof, made' by an Act in the Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for confirming and establishing the Administration of Sir JVi Ilium s Goods and Chattels: And praying. That a Clause, for saving the Petitioner's Right to the real and personal Estate of the said Sir William, according to the Tenour of the said Act, may be added to the said Bill; or otherwise, That the Petitioner may he heard by his Counsel against the said Bill before the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie'upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

uties on A Petition of the Masters and Workers of the Coal-

llt* mines in the County of Lancaster, and Carriers of Coals

to the Salt-works in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners being extremely impoverished by the Decay of Brine Salt Manufacture; which, since the Use of Salt Rock, hath annually lessened, and been impaired; and cannot but, with the deepest Sense of approaching Ruin and Misery, lay before the House the Want of their former Trade and Subsistence: And praying, That, for the Encouragement of the Brine Manufacture, to take the Premises into Consideration, and apply such Remedy as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to trie Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Proprietors of Brine Salt, and Manufacturers thereof, and Inhabitants in and about Nampt-wick, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been, and are, extremely discouraged by such Advantages given to Salt Rock, and the Salt made thereof, as tend to impair the Revenue, and ruin the Manufacture of Brine Salt, by not being under the same Limitations at the Pit, by Allowances in the Drawback, and Weight, exceeding the Brine a Third-part, though productive of better Salt, by importing and selling foreign Salts in England by Measure, and, in Ireland, both foreign and English Salt; the foreign there paying no more Duty than the English; which, if applied Weight for Weight, exceeds all other Salt in Cleanness, and Cure both of Flesh and Fish; and by so many and great Discouragements, the Petitioners, with Thousands more, are extremely impoverished: And praying, That for the general Encouragement of the said Manufacture of Salt, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to apply such Remedy as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Refiners of Rock Salt, within the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed, a Bill is brought in, proposing to restrain the refining Rock Salt; which, is conceived, will tend to the creating a Monopoly of that Commodity, to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Subjects, by further increasing the Price of Salt, and the Ruin of the Petitioners, and many Hundred Families in this Kingdom, who have erected very considerable Works for refining Rock Sait, and who wholly depend thereon: And praying, That the House will take the Petitioners into Protection, that they may not lose the great Sums of Money they have expended in erecting 'Works, and be deprived of the Benefit of their Trade, by which they support themselves and Families.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

toto. A Petition of Philip Doubt, John Adams, and Robert JVren, Inhabitants in the Borough of Bideford, in the Vol 13.

599

County of Devon, Refiners of Salt made from Rock, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the greatest Part of the said County is furnished with Salt made of Rock: That it gives Content, and saves and cures Flesh and Fish, as well as Salt made of Brine; s That, in case the Use and Making of Rock Salt should be prohibited, it would be very prejudicial to all the Country, because the Brine Salt Men formerly did, and probably will again, if it be in their Power, make them pay pay Four times dearer than the Price current now; and will consequently cost at least Nine-pence,-if not Twelve-pence per Bushel, to the Country, more than now they pay; besides great Waste in bringing white Salt by Water, sometimes Fifteen or Twenty per Cent, more than Rock; and the Petitioners have been at very great Charges in erecting Houses, and providing Utensils, to refine Salt from Rock, having been encouraged by former Acts; so that, if the Making or Use of Rock Sait should be pro-, hibited, any otherwise than now it is, it will tend and bey not to the Petitioners great Loss only, but Damage of the Country generally; and many poor Men employed, and their Families, would be Sufferers thereby: Andi praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and order ..... the Continuance of refining Salt from Rock, in regard it manifestly tends to publick Good; and let it stand on the same Foot as it now doth.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the working People and Labourers, on Duties on behalf of themselves, and several others, employed in Salt, the Making of Salt from Brine, inhabiting in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, for some Months, have been reduced to a very deplorable and indigent Condition, by reason that the Saltworks in the Counties aforesaid were unemployed, and great Decay in the Salt Trade: That they being incapable of being employed in other Business, and having no other Subsistence; and they, and their Families, which consist of some Thousand of the poorest People, had undoubtedly starved and perished, if not relieved by the Proprietors of Salt, and other the Inhabitants:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and to redress the great Wants they are subject to, and lie under.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Masters and Workers of the Coal- x)itto# mines in the County of Stafford, and Carriers of Coals in their Salt-works in the County Palatine of Chester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, /

That the Petitioners being extremely necessitated and impoverished by the Decay of..... Brine Salt Manufacture, which, since the Use of Salt Rock, hath annually lessened, and been impaired; and cannot, but with the deepest Sense of approaching Ruin and Misery, lay before the House the Want of former Trade and Subsistence:

And praying, for the general Encouragement of the Brine Manufacture, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to apply such Remedy as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Ditto, and County of Newcastle upon Tine was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a great Number of poor People, inhabiting in and nigh the said Town, being employed and maintained in the Salt-works upon the ..River Tine; That, of late Months, by a Decay of the Salt Trade, many Poor are set p. begging, and become a Burden to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Places adjacent: And praying, That the House would take the same into serious Consideration, and do therein as they shall tlxink meet.

*J* Ordered>

Ddtiei on Salt.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Ditto.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

6 00

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Jonathan Case, John Blackbome, Samuel Brockcnborough, and Daniel Peek, Gentlemen, on behalf of themselves, and several others, Proprietors of Hock Salt, and Refiners of Salt from Rock, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in a Bill now depending before the House, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick; there is a Clause to prohibit the Refining of Salt from Rock above Distance from the Pit, under colour to prevent Frauds in relation to the Duty: By passing this Clause, the Makers of Salt from Brine-springs and Sea-water will entirely engross the Salt Manufacture, and thereby ruin the Rock Salt Refiners; who, through the Encouragement of late Acts of Parliament, have been erected; and will be so far from increasing, that it will diminish, the Duty, by raising the Price of Salt, and lessening the Consumption thereof; And praying, That, by their Counsel, they may be heard against the said Clause, before the same do pass.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Jonathan Case, John Blackbome, Samuel Brockcnborough, and Daniel Peck, be heard before the said Committee, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition;

It pasted in the Negative.

A Petition of several Persons, being Traders within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, vvas presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have been often abused by the ill Practices of the Marshal and Warden of the Kings Bench and Fleet Prisons; whose said ill Practices have most sensibly discouraged Trade, and personal Credit; and understanding, that there is a Bill depending for regulating the said Prisons: And praying, That the House will pass the same in such manner, as shall seem meet for the Benefit of the Subject, and redressing the said Abuses.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of Sarles Goaley, John Bjaskett, and divers others, all Traders within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the regulating the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet; the Abuses of which, and their Officers, are most intolerable; to the great Discouragement of Trade and Credit; and the Petitioners have been great Sufferers thereby: And praying, That the House will pass the said Bill, with such Alterations as shall be thought proper for the redressing the said Abuses.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Aklaby being in his Place;

The Petition of Mr. Frezven, presented to the House Yesterday, was read; setting forth, That there being Suits in Chancery, touching Five hundred Pounds due to the Petitioner, as Executor of his late Uncle Archbishop Frewen, upon a Bond taken in the Name of George Aislaby Esquire, deceased, Father of John Aislaby Esquire, a Member of the House, in Trust for the Petitioner's said Uncle; which Bond the said Mr. Aislaby lately delivered to the Petitioner; who hath desired, that the said Mr. Aislaby will be examined, only to prove his Father's Hand, and the said Trust, and Delivery of the said Bond to the Petitioner; who hath often promised to be examined; and, in order thereunto, the Petitioner* hath delayed his Cause a great while, for want of the said Examination; but, in regard he thinks not fit to dispatch his Examination, and his Evidence, as the Petitioner is advised, is very material in the Petitioner's Cause: And praying, That he may be at Liberty to serve the said

Mr. Aislaby with Process, to proceed to enforce his being examined as a Witness, w ithout incurring a Breach of the Privilege of the House:

Whereupon Mr.. Aislaby declared, That he wa9 willing to he examined accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected*

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee appointed proceeding to draw up Articles of Impeachment; and who were to on the Im. consider of the Message from the Lords the Fourth of PeachraeDl* June instant; and to draw up what shall be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Message; That they had drawn up the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read twice; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons have desired this Conference, upon your Lordships Message of the 4th of June, in order to preserve a good Correspondence with your Lordships, which Will always be the Endeavour of the Commons, and is at this time particularly necessary, in order to bring the impeached Lords to a speedy Tryal: And because the Messages, which your Lordships have thought fit to send to the Commons, and the Answers thereunto, seem not to tend towards expediting the Tryals, which the Commons so much desire, but may rather furnish Matter of Dispute between the Two Houses; the Commons therefore choose to follow the Methods formerly used, with good Success, upon the like Occasion: And, for the more speedy and easy adjusting and preventing any Differences, which have already happened, or may arise, previous to, or upon, these Tryals; the Commons do propose to your Lordships, That a Committee of both Houses be nominated, to consider of the most proper Ways and Methods of proceeding on Impeachments, according to the Usage of Parliaments.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do go to the Lords, and Conference desire the said Conference. desired.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St Martin's for the better Improving of a certain Piece of Ground in Parish the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Assaying for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for assaying Plate, wrought Plate in the Cities of York, Exeter, Bristol/,

Chester, and Nonvich, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Corporation for Irish For. the purchasing the Irish forfeited Estates, be read the feitures. I First time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition being offered to the House, for enlarging p , v the Time for the Prohibition of East India Silks; sXs, D

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Commis. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the sioners of Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, Accoubu. examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Wm.

Fownds and Ephraim Dawson, in behalf of the Non-commission Officers, and private Horsemen, of the late Enis-killin Regiment, that was commanded by Brigadier William Wolsley, deceased, which lies upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

60 Juniu

13 W. HI;

6° — 70 Junii.

6 oi

nference tii Lords.

ommis-nneis of ccounts.

Conduct of (Vhitacre, Minimi ty Solicitor.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again withal acquainting the House; That the Committee understood, that the Lords had agreed to a Conference, and appointed it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the said Conference, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. St. John reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference accordingly; and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned:

Mr. Harcourt reported, That they had been at the Conference; and delivered to the Lords what the House had directed: And that the impeached Lords were not at the Conference.

Then the House resolved itself again into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the Behaviour of Mr. Whit acre, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid for defraying the six-pence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Supply Bill r appiopri-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report considered, resolve itself into a Com-siting Excise, nijttee of the whole House upon the Bill for appropriating c* Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds a Week, out of certain Blanches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Iloushold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions.

And then the Hotise adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovist T die junii;

13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

A Bill for erecting a Corporation for the Purchasing iT\sh the Irish forfeited Estates was, according to Order, read Forfeiture*, the First time.

: Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next* in a full House.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon a further Con- Supply Bill sideration of the Report of the Bill for granting to his Ma- Land jesty an Aid, for defraying of the Expence of his Navy,

Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; to offer a Clause, for the better Levying and Collecting the Arrears of the Taxes for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, and One thousand Seven hundred.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report:

And the Clauses A, B, and C, being severally read d Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D being read a Second time, That it shall he lawful for any Persons and Corporations, before the Four-and-twentieth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and One, to pay to the respective Collectors, in One intire Payment, the whole Sum charged on any such Persons or Corporations for the Four Quarterly Payments, abatr ing an Allowance, for prompt Payment, of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon every Sum so taxed, for Three Quarters of a Year only; which Allowance is declared to amount to Nine-pence out of any Twenty Shillings; and, after that Rate, for every greater or lesser Sum; and that the Collectors shall allow the same, provided tliq whole Tax be duly, and bona fide, paid down in ready Money, within the Time limited: And the Collectors shall give to the Party an Acquittance, specifying not only the whole Sum taxed, but also the Allowance made, and the Remainder in net Money, which shall have been actually received by the Collectors; and shall express the same in their Accounts; and shall be allowed the Defalcations so by them respectively made, with the Poundage which they are to have for their own Pains; Provided, That if any Tenant, or other Persons, who are required to pay the said Tax for their Landlords, or Others, and have Power to defalk the same out of their Rents, do advance the said Tax, shall have the Benefit of the said Allowance for prompt Payment;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause E and F, being severally read a Second time,

Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause G being read a Second time, That hothing in

O 1 o

this Act contained shall extend to charge or tax any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, who serves the Cure of Souls, and actually resides upon his Rectory, Vicarage, or Curacy, upon that Account only, unless it really and truly exceed the Value of Forty Pounds by the Year;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

}e7.

Tellers for the Yea^M;^;

The

Chaplain.

Praters.

JOESO L VE t), That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to bestow some Preferment in the Church upon Mr. John Herne, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

V O L: 13*

Te, OTfor.heNoe,^f*". i

So it passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Clauses, being severally read Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the better Collecting the Arrears of the Aids of One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, One thousand Six hundred Nine-nine, and One thousand Seven hundred:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put 7 O thereupon,

6o$

7° — 9°

A\ 1701.

Kind's Dentil and Fleet Prisons.

Supply Bill; Duties on Low Wines, &c.

Supply Bill; ‘ appropriating Excise,

i^C.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House tt) be made Part of the Bill/

Another.....was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Enforcing Payment, and Collecting die Arrears, of Taxes clue from the Officers of the King's Bench Prison: And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the

Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill* to injoin Collectors to account for what Money they received for such Lands or Houses, as were charged to the Aid granted in the Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and were then unoccupied:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put there*-upon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the BiH.

Another Clause was offered, for Gentlemen, inhabiting in the County of Middlesex, although they have not One hundred Pounds per Annum in the County, to be Commissioners:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Folio 31. to leave out " and the Hospital of Hoxton " in the County of Middlesex, of the Foundation of Ro-xi bert Ask Esquire, deceased; or to extend to charge the " Charity of Zachariah Jepson, settled for Maintenance c< of Twelve poor Children in the Town of Rippon, in the County of York And the Question being put, That the said Words do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, Folio 40, Line the 17th, to add, after " Londonthese Words;

" and all Salaries and Pensions arising and payable at the " General Post Office:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the..... was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the , Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds a Week out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Hous-hold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain the Law touching the Sealing of Measures in relation to the Universities.

Leases.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the said Bill, and had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Salt-House upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick.

Ortered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of all Estates Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious 8lvtnt0. Uses; and for applying the same to Greenwich Hospital; u^rstltiCQI be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That Sh* Win. Ashurst, Sir John Parsons, Insolvent Mr. Bliss, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Cholmley, be added to the Debtor3, Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ptelief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed*

Ordered, That Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Tho. Powys, and Duchy of Mr. Attorney General, be added to the Committee, to (oniwall whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Grants,

Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments,

Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall\ or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 9° die Junii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Gaoler of Whitechapel A Person to Prison do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. attend*

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^edde's, &c. for naturalizing Gaspar Cordoso Harman Vaiit Wedde, *at' and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^!l,on3 for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary norce' Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mompesson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That John Bowden, Keeper of New Prison, A Pers0Qt# do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. attend'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Slews' to change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to Jsame* the Surname of Saint John, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jcr'vois do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Mr. Brother ton reported from the Committee, to whom Stanleys the Bill to enable Sir Thomas Stanley to charge a certain Estate-Manor, and Lands, in the County of Lancaster, with Three . thousand Pounds, for the Payment of his Sisters Portions

and

i3 W. III. 9" Junii. 603

and Di'his, was committed* That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the hill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s T'able: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time* one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Forfei- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

whom it was referred to separate the Petitions touching the Irish Forfeitures, be made Tomorrow Morning.

it's, An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act fat- for naturalizing Jacob Augustine Pynyot, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence*

A Petition of Nicolas Stokes, a Quarter-master in Brigadier Langston s former Regiment of Horse, incorporated in other Regiments in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner served his Majesty in Ireland and Flanders', and, being unprovided for, and excluded the Benefit of Half-pay, hath contracted many Debts: And having several Children to provide for; praying, That the House will grant him the Benefit of his Service, by putting him on the same Foot for Half-pay with other Officers.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table* until the Report be made from the Committee appointed to inspect the Papers relating to Half-pay.

A Petition of Colonel Baldwin Leighton was presented rs. to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to the Petitioner several Sums of Money for Arrears, and Disbursements, marie by him for his Majesty's Service; for which he applied himself for Relief to the Commissioners appointed to state the Accounts of the Army, &:c.; who, upon Examination, allowed the Demands just; but told the Petitioner, They did conceive the Act did not give them sufficient Power to satisfy the same: And praying such Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordewd, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the works. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for furnishing the Town of New Deale with fresh Water: And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 P. 2 L. leave out from u Letters," to "to," in the 34th Line; and read " Patent, in the Fourth Year of his " Reign, grant to Edward Burdett and William Ryder " Esquires* full and sole Liberty to build a Conduit-head €< upon the Beach, and lay Pipes through the Waste and " High-ways of New Deale, in order to bring fresh Water " to the said Town: And whereas the said William Ryder " did advance great Sums of Money upon the Credit of " the said Letters Patents; which being, in great part* " void in Law, and so proving ineffectual to make good " the said Undertaking, the said William Ryder is not " only in Danger to suffer great Loss, but the Publick "'will receive great Prejudice, by the Failing of the said " Undertaking."

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers dq carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Vol. 13.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act West Kirby for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennett, late of Newton Poor Estate; cum Larton, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said rThomas Bennett, w as read the Third timfc.

An ingrosed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to prejudice any Right, Title, or Interest, which Letitia Hookes Spinster, her Heirs, hath, or ought to have, ih a certain Messuage, and Lands, called the Rake-houses lying in Calde-Grcmge:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaekerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them* That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with 'some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom New Way to the Bill for making good the Deficiency of an Act, made LincolnVmu in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his present Ma- e s* jesty, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln s-inn-Jiclds, and Places adjacent, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they lmd directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

The House* according to Order, resolved itself into Commis-a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ^01,ers of the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to ccounU‘ take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act £iecijoa for continuing a former Act to prevent false and double ltetuins. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, without any Amendments: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Harrington's Barrington Baronet, to settle a Jointure, and make Pro- Estate, vison for younger Children, without any Amendments:

And also,

To a Bill* intituled, An Act for vesting a Mes* Node's suage and Landsin Stevenage, in the County of Hertford\ Estate, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, t;o be sold for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate, without any Amendments: Also*

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jane Barksteada Barkstead Widow; and vesting several Mortgages and ^at-Securities in her, to enable her to convey or assign the same; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bmges reported from the Committee, to whom it Lord was referred to draw up Articles of Impeachment, That Hallifax's they had drawn up Articles accordingly against Charles Impeach*, Lord Halifax; which they had directed him to report nAeuU to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

Lord

Halifax's

Impeach-

ment.

604 0d Junii: 1701.

delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against Charles Lord Halifax, t)f High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

1. WHEREAS several Persons, contrary t6 their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, and his late Royal Consort, of ever-blessed Memory, traiterously adhering to their Majesties Enemies, did levy and maintain, within their Majesties Realm of Ireland, a desperate and bloody War and Rebellion against their Majesties; and were, by his Majesty's Conduct and Courage, at the great Expence of his English Subjects, reduced to their due Obedience to the Crown of England ': And whereas, upon the Fourth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred and Ninety, it was resolved by the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, That a Bill should be brought in to attaint all Persons guilty of Rebellion in Ireland, or elsewhere, against their Majesties King William and Queen Mary; and to enact and declare their Estates to be forfeited, and to be sold, for the Reducing of that Kingdom: And whereas his Majesty, in his gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, did, upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand Six hundred and Ninety, 'assure them, That he would not make any Grant of the forfeited Lands in Ireland, till there should be another Opportunity of settling that Matter in Parliament, in such manner as should be thought most expedient: And where-ias the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, by their humble Address to his Majesty, upon the Fourth Day of March One thousand Six hundred Ninety-two, did humbly beseech his Majesty, That, according to the Assurance his Majesty had been pleased to give them, no Grant might be made of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, till* there should be an Opportunity of settling that Matter in Parliament, in such manner as should be thought most expedient; to which his Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer; whereby, and by many other Endeavours of the Commons in the following Sessions of Parliament, it appears, That what has since been declared by Act of Parliament, was the continued Sense of the Commons of England, That it was highly reasonable, that the forfeited Estates of Rebels and Traitors in Ireland should be applied in Ease of his Majesty's faithful Subjects of the Kingdom of England: And whereas it was the apparent Duty of every Officer or Minister of State to have had so much Regard to the Resolutions and Address of the House of Commons, to the publick Grood, and his Majesty's Honour, as to have dissuaded and prevented, as much as in them lay, the procuring or passing any Grant or Grants of the said forfeited Estates in Ireland; yet Charles now Lord Haiti fax, then the Honourable Charles Montague Esquire, being a Member of the Honourable House of Commons, One of the Lords of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and One of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, hath, since the aforesaid Fourth Day of March One thousand Six hundred Ninety-two, presumed to advise, pass, or direct the passing, a Grant to Thomas Railton Esquire, in Trust for himself, of several Debts, Interest, Sum and Sums of Money, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, due, owe-ing, and which ought to have accrued, to his Majesty, by reason of the Attainders, Outlawries, or other Forfeitures, of the respective Persons for whom the same were entered on Record; whereby he hath much contributed to the Contracting great Debts upon the Nation, the Laying heavy Taxes upon the People, hath highly reflected on his Majesty's Honour, and failed in the Performance of his Trust and Duty.

2dly, Whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his Majesty's Reign, in-12

tituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Maj^ty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land-tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who had, by virtue of any Grantor Disposition from his Majesty, or from his Majesty and the late Queen, received, for his or their own Use or Benefit, any Debt or Debts, or Sum or Sums of Motley whatsoever, due front any Debt Or Debts of any forfeiting Persons, mentioned or described in the said Act, or from any Person or Persons subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum of Money whatsoever to any of the said forfeiting Persons* should be, and they are thereby declared to be* respectively liable, and are required to repay every such Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, whatsoever, so by him, her or them, respectively received, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand Seveii hundred: And whereas the said Charles Lord Hally fax had, before the Making of the aforesaid Act, procured for Thomas Railton Esquire, in Trust for himself, a Grant of several Debts, by Judgments and otherwise, to several of the said forfeiting Persons, amounting to the Surn of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or therea bouts, forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder, Outlawries, or other Forfeitures, of the respective Persons to whom such Debts were originally due; and, by virtue of the said Grant, the said Lord Halifax actually received, to his own Use, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds; which said Sum of One thousand Pounds the said Charles Lord Halyfax ought to have repaid, before the said Twenty-fourth of August One thousand Seven hundred, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, as by the Act he was required to have done; yet the said Charles Lord Halifax did not repay the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, as by the said Act he was required to do; but has hitherto, in Contempt of the Act, refused or neglected to repay the same; which Neglect or Refusal of him the said Charles Lord Halifax to repay the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, is a manifest Wrong to his Majesty, and the! Publick, and a Misapplication of that Sum to other Uses and Purposes than by the Act it is appropriated, and ought to have been applied.

3dly, That the said Charles Lord Halifax, being a Member of the Honourable House of Commons, One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Treasurer of England, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and One of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, not contented with the many Employments, and Places of Honour, bestowed upon him by his Majesty, nor with the large and excessive Gains by him made by the Incomes and Profits arising from such Offices aftd Preferments, did, in Opposition to w hat he wrell knew to be the true Interest of England, and contrary to his Oath as a Piivy Counsellor, and his Duty as a publick Minister, at a time when the Nation was engaged in a tedious and expensive War against France for preserving the Balance and LiJ berties of Europe, and under such heavy Debts, as, without laying unsupportable Taxes on the People, were impossible to be satisfied, advise, procure, and assent, not only to the Passing of divers Grants to others in England and Ireland, but did obtain, and accept of, several beneficial ones to, or in Trust for, himself: Which said Practices of him the said Lord Halyfax were a most notorious Abuse of his Majesty's Goodness, a gre.it Breach of his Trust, and a very high Vexation and Oppression of his Majesty's other Subjects.

4thly, Whereas, by the Common Law, and by many Statutes and Ordinances of this Realm, it appears to have been the great Care of our Ancestors, that the King's Forests should be preserved, and, in particular, the Timber therein growing, for the Building and Repairing of the Navy Royal, which has ever been accounted, as it undoubtedly is, the great Security of this Realm: And whereas Charles Lord Halyfax was, in the Year of our

13 W* III g° JuniL 6ot

Lord One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer* and One of his Majesty's Privy Council, and obliged, as well by repeated Oaths, as by the Duty he owed to his Majesty, and his Country, to have advised* consulted, and promoted, such Matters and Things as should, or at least were most likely to redound to his Majesty's Honour, and the Nation's Safety; yet the said Charles Lord Halyfax, not regarding the Laws and Ordinances of this Realm, nor his said Duty to his Majesty, and the Publick, but pursuing his private Interest, did, by Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Date on or about the Sixth Day of May, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, the Kingdom being then engaged in an expensive War, and the Debts of the Nation requiring the best and most frugal Management, procure from his Majesty a Grant to Henry Segar Gentleman, in Trust for himself, of the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds, of so much scrubbed Beach, Birch, Holly, Hazle, Thorns, and Orle, as should, by Sale, raise the said Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds, to be fallen in . his Majesty's Forest of Deem, in the County of Gloucester, within the Space of Seven Years time, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-seven; under colour of which Grant, Beach of a much greater Value, great Number of Saplin Oaks, which might, and would, have been serviceable to the Realm, and also many Tons of well-grown Timber, fit for the present Use of the Navy, have been cut, and fallen, and sold, and disposed of, for the Benefit of the said Lord Halyfax*.

5*th]y, Whereas there is not any thing that so much conduceth to his Majesty's and the Nation's Honour and Safety, as the due Ordering and Management of the King's Treasure, and the public Revenues, for the Receiving and Issuing forth of which the Wisdom and Policy of this Nation has provided and appointed several and distinct Officers, with beneficial Salaries, in order that they may be a Check to each other, and that no Loss may accrue to his Majesty, or the Publick, by the Corruption, Unskilfulness, or Negligence, of any particular Officer; yet he the said Charles Lord Halyfax, being One of the Lords of the Treasury, when, by the Death of the Honourable Sir Ro-hert Howard, the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, and Writer of the Tallies, became vacant, not regarding the ancient Constitution, and approved Methods in ordering his Majesty's Treasury, and the publick Revenues, did grant, or procure to be granted, to Christopher Mount* ague Esquire, the Brother of him the said Charles Lord Holy fax, and then one of the Commissioners of the Excise, the said Place and Office of Auditor of the Receipts, and Writer of the Tallies; which said Grant was so made and procured by the said Lord Halyfax, in Trust, as to the Profits thereof, for himself; so that, from and after the Passing of the said Grant, he the said Lord Halyfax was, in Effect, at the same time, One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Auditor of the Receipts, and Writer of the Tallies, and enjoyed the Profits of the said several Offices; w'hich, by the Constitution of the Treasury, are manifestly inconsistent, and never were, or ought to be, trusted in the same Person; the Making and Procuring of which said Grant by him the said Charles Lord Halyfax, as aforesaid, was a manifest Violation of the established Course and Constitution of the Exchequer, a Breach of his Trust, of evil Example, and tended very much to the great Loss and Prejudice of his Majesty, and the Publick, by opening a Way to all manner of corrupt Practices in the future Management of the Revenues.

6thly, Whereas a Treaty and Alliance between Leopold the Emperor of Germany, and the States General of the United Provinces, was made, and concluded, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, upon the Consideration of the Greatness of the common Danger, which then threatened all Christendom, from the excessive Power of France, and the unconstant Faith of the French in the Observance of Treaties i whereby it

was agreed, there should be, and remain for ever* a con- Lord stant, perpetual, and inviolable Friendship, and good Cor- HallifaxV respondence, between his Imperial Majesty and the States Impeach-General; That each of them should be obliged to pro- roent‘ mote the other's Interest; and, as much as in them lay, prevent all Damages and Inconveniences to each other:

And whereas certain separate Articles were also, at or about that time, made and annexed to the aforesaid Treaty; whereby the States General, maturely considering, that France had openly declared, in several Courts, That, notwithstanding the most solemn Renunciation, they continued their Pretension, by Force of Arms, to assert, for the Dauphin, the Succession of the Spanish Monarchy, in case the King of A^wshould die without Issue; and also considering, what a Blow their State would receive, and what Prejudice might happen, thereby to the publick Affairs and Quiet; did promise, That, in case his said Catholick Majesty should die without Issue, they would, with all their Force, assist his said Imperial Majesty, or his Heirs, in taking the Succession of the Spanish Monarchy, lawfully belonging to that House, together with its Kingdoms, Dominions, and Rights; and in their obtaining and securing the quiet Possession thereof, against the French, and their Adherents, w ho should, directly or indirectly, oppose that Succession; and, with Force, repel the Force which should be brought against them:

That, at the Instance of the States General, in pursuance of the said Treaty, and separate Articles, our most gracious Lord and Sovereign, his most Excellent Majesty King William the Third, w as invited to enter into the Alliance of the aforesaid Treaty, and into the Agreement of the said separate Articles; and thereupon, for restoring and preserving the publick Peace and Quiet, did afterwards, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, enter into, and, under the Great Seal of England* accept, approve, and ratify, and* in the most solemn manner, engage and promise, religiously and inviolably, to observe the same, without violate* ing the said Treaty, or separate Articles, in any Article, or suffering the same, to the utmost of his Power, to be violated:

That, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, a Treaty was projected and contrived in France, to be set on foot between his Majesty, the French King, and the States General, for a Partition of the Spanish Monarchy; whereby many large Territories thereunto belonging, in case of the Decease of the King of Spain, w ithout Issue, were to be allotted and delivered up to France:

The Tenour and Design of which last mentioned Treaty, w hilst the same was in Negotiation, w as communicated to the said Charles Lord Halyfax, then One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Treasurer, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and One of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council: That the said Charles Lord Halifax, well knowing the most apparent evil Consequences, as well as the Injustice, of the said Partition, did not, according to the Trust and the Duty of the said several Offices, dissuade, or endeavour to obstruct, its take-ing Effect; but, on the contrary, having neither Regard to his Majesty's Honour, engaged by the above-mentioned Treaty with the Emperor and the States General, to the Trade and known Interest of these Kingdoms, or the Peace of Europe, did advise his Majesty to enter into the said Treaty; and did so far encourage and promote the same, that the said Treaty was concluded and ratified, under the Great Seal of England: Which said Treaty was evidently destructive of the Trade of this Realm, a Breach of the former Treaty, made with the Emperor in One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, dishonourable to his Majesty, highly injurious to the Interest of the Protestant Religion, and manifestly tended to disturb the general Peace of Europe by altering the Balance of Power therein, and strengthening France against the good Friends, and ancient Allies, of our Sovereign Lord the King.

And the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty or 7 P exhibiting

Exceptions taken to a Member's Words.

Message from Lords respecting the Im-p^chmens.

6c6

A. 1701;

exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any further Articles, or other Accusation or Impeachment, against the said Lord Halt)fax; and also of replying to his Answers, which he shall make unto the said Articles, or any of them; and of offering Proofs to all and every of the aforesaid Articles, and to all and every other Articles, Impeachment, or Accusation, which shall be exhibited by them, as the Case shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray, That the said Charles Lord Ha may be put to answer

the said Crimes and Misdemeanors; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be thereupon had and given, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

And upon the Motion for the Ingrossing of the said Articles;

Sir William St. Quintin having uttered some Words in

his Speech, to which the House took Exceptions, they were directed to be taken down by the Clerk; and are as follow; viz.

" 1 do not oppose the carrying up these Articles; for,

" I think, they are to this Lord's, or noble Lord's, eternal " Honour and Reputation."

Whereupon he was admitted to explain himself: And thereupon he declared, That he did not speak those Words upon any premeditated Malice, or to reflect upon the House; and begged Pardon of the House:

Upon which the House were satisfied, and proceeded no further.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Grey:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded, by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That, in Answer to the Message of the House of Commons, of the Fourth Instant, the Lords say, by their Message sent on the Third, wherein they declare themselves ready to proceed to the T rial of any of the impeached Lords, whom the Commons should be first ready to begin with, they have given a full Proof of their Willingness to comply with the Commons, in any thing which may appear reasonable, in order to the speedy Determining of the Impeachments now depending: And therefore, as the Lords conceive the Commons had no Occasion to begin any Dispute on that Head, so their Lordships are careful to decline entering into a Controversy, which seems to them to be of no Use at present.

The Lords think themelves obliged to assert their un-undoubted Right to appoint a Day for the Trial of any Impeachment depending before them, if they see good Cause for it; w ithout any previous Signification from the Commons of their being ready to proceed; which Right i6 warranted by many Precedents, as well as consonant to Justice and Reason; and their Lordships, according to the Example of their Ancestors, w ill always use that Right with a Regard to the equal and impartial Administration of Justice, and with a due Care to prevent unreasonable Delays.

This being the Case, The Lords cannot but wonder, that the Commons, without any Foundation for it, should make use of Expressions, which, as their Lordships conceive, have never been used before by one House of Parliament to another; and which, if the like were returned, must necessarily destroy all good Correspondence between the Two Houses.

The last Part of the Commons Message being, in Effect, a Repetition only of their former, of the One-and-thirtieth of May, to which the Lords have already returned a full Answer, their Lordships think it not requisite to say more, than that they cannot apprehend with what Colour their calling upon the House of Commons to send up Articles against Two Lords, whom the Commons have so long since impeached in general Terms, can be said to tend to the Delay of Justice: And therefore, as the Lords think the Commons ought to have forborne that Reflection, so i 1

their Lordships, in saying no more upon the Occasion of this Message of the Commons, think they have given a convincing Proof of their Moderation, and of their sincere Desire of preserving a good Correspondence between the Two Houses; which is so necessary for the publick Security, as well as doing Right upon the Impeachments. Also,

That the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Apsley'i Act for the better Performance of the last Will of Henry Apsley Esquire, deceased, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Ordered, That the said Message, relating to the Im- Lords peachments, be referred to the Committee, who were ap- ^Iessa8e pointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and search referred' Precedents, to draw up an Answer thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting to his Majesty an Aid, Supply Bill; for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Ga- Land risons, lor One Year; and for other necessary Occasions; was read Third time:

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made in the Bill; which were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press. 4. L. 24. to leave out " Six," and insert " Eight."

Pr. 19. L, 29. after " Russell," to insert " One of " the Sons."

L. 30, after " Cavendish," insert " One of

" the Sons."

Pr. 79. L. 9. after " Cheine," to insert " of the " Kingdom of Scotland."

L. 10. after " Walden,"to insert "Sonand " Heir apparent to the Earl of S

Press. 90. L. 33. after " Russell," to insert " One of " the Sons of the late Duke of Bedford"

Press. 98. L. after " Kilmorerey,"to insert " of the " Kingdom of Ireland."

Press. 113. L. 25. after "Gentlemen," to leave out " William Porta', of Framlingham."

Press. 119. L. 2. after " Walden," to insert " Son and " Heir apparent of the Earl of Suffolk."

Press. 116. L. 43. after " Stocks," to insert " and for " such Salaries and Pensions."

Pr. 176. L. 29. after "Windsor," to insert "for " their Pensions, payable out of the Exchequer only."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year; and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford The LonU and Mr. Gcry: aPPoi"ta J

Mr. Speaker, sds

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Trial. House, That the Lords have appointed the Trial of John Lord Somers on Friday next, on the Impeachment against him by this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Duti« on the Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Lpw Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered,

Co®

% X"

1 Lb

I'A

LuiC.

-/ids.

taprtl

1 Tct

I.

of I a

n

a

In

V

jf

v Ls

13 W. III. 9°- io">#«. 607

Canmittfes. Ordered \That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 10* die Junii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

O UNBoumer, Michael Gideon I'Eg Use,

J and James Perrot, took the Oaths appointed in Order to their Naturalization.

until the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of Mary Gabriel, Elizabeth Simons, Emery Registered Solsby, being Wives of registered Seamen, on behalf of Seamen's themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, Pay* and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Husbands arc all registered some Years since, and have constantly served his present Majesty; but have not received any Money, although his Majesty, and the Parliament, were pleased to allow them Forty Shillings per Annum; for want of which Payment, the Petitioners, and many other Families, are exposed to great Necessities: And praying, That the House would grant them such Relief as shall seem most reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bagneol's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Mat. for naturalizing PeterBagneol, DanielSenault, and others, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

H-de* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for vesting tlte Estate of Humphrey Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That tlte Lord Cot'nbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

New Way An ingrossed Bill for making good the Deficiency of to Lincoln'*- an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his inn-fields. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln s-inn-Jields, and Places adjacent, was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making good the Deficiency of the Charges of making a Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's xnn-Jidds.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Kinir's Benth A Petition of John Clements Gentleman, Dame Maty ami Fleet Z<?U', Cal he vine Venue Widow, and others, was presented Fnson*. to the House, and read; setting forth. That Thomas BrW arden of the Fleet, did, by Deed dated the

Third of May One thousand Six hundred Seventy-eight, mortgage to the Petitioner John Clement all the Office of the Fleet Prison, and Mansion-house thereof and Thirteen Houses adjoining to the said Mansion-house, and all the Shops, Stalls, and Standings, in for

Eive hundred Years, for the valuable Consideration of Two thousand Two hundred Ninety-nine Pounds; in which Deed it is declared, That the Petitioner Clements was possessed of the Premises, to the Use of himself, for Two hundred and Seven Pounds; to the Use of Mrs. Dorothy Baxter, Two hundred and Fifty Pounds; and, for the Residue of the said Two thousand Two hundred Ninety-nine Pounds, in Trust for the rest of the Petitioners, and other Persons under whom they now claim: The principal Money, and Interest, due upon the said Mortgage, now amounts unto Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, and upwards: That the Petitioners are advised, if the Bill now depending should pass, as it is now drawn up, with the Amendments, made by the House of Peers, relating to the Fket Prison, the Petitioners Right, by virtue of the said Mortgage, will be extinguished, and the said Principal and Interest wholly lost: And praying, That a Sa\ing Clause may be added to the said Bill, to preserve their Interest in the Premises; as hath been already done, by the House of Peers, for the Earl of ,relating to his Interest in the Prison of the Kings Bench.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Vol. 13.

A Petition of the Provost and Corporation of Money- Moneyer's ers was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Company. That the Petitioners, for these several Hundred Years last past, have been incorporated into a Company, or Body Politick; and, in all that time, have made good, and are obliged to answer, all Gold and Silver committed to their Chaise: That, upon any Expedition of Coinage,

..... were and are forced to take to their Assistance great Numbers of strange Men, as Fifty or an Hundred, and sometimes Two or Three Hundred, or more, for the forwarding the Business of the Mint, and Service of the Publick; for all which the Petitioners are answerable: That the Petitioners have frequently been most notoriously abused by some Servants, and their Accomplices, who, under Pretence of seeing the Coinage, have robbed the Petitioners of great Sums of Money; so that, upon modest Computation, ..... have, at the last great Coinage, and since, lost above Six thousand Pounds:

That several of them, for such Robberies, have been prosecuted and convicted, and have afterwards obtained the Benefit of the Clergy; and that, notwithstanding such Punishment, such Robberies are often committed: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and to order, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, to be added to some Bill, for making such Crimes Felony, w ithout Benefit of Clergy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Cliocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Haw kers,

Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

A Petition of John Scoppens and Thomas Virootc, on Transport behalf of themselves, and others. Masters and Owners of Dcljt-the Dutch Transport Ships taken up and employed in the Reduction of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were, by his Majesty's special Command, hired in Holland, for that Service, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety, and One thousand Six hundred Ninety-one; and there became due to them for the same. Twenty-one thousand Eight hundred Fifty-five Pounds, as appears by their stated Accounts: That the Parliament making Provision, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, for the Payment of Interest at Five Pounds per Cent, for the Irish 1 ransport Debt, being the same Debt the Petitioners were engaged in, hoped to have had the Benefit thereof; and in Expectation of obtaining the same, have desisted from applying to the House for Satisfaction, although- the Petitioners, to the Number of Five hundred, and their Families, have been exposed to the utmost Hardships for want thereof;

But, as the Petitioners are informed, that the Provision, so made, docs not respect their Debt, but the Debt of the

English

L

608 I o° Junii. A. 1701.

English Transports only; and that they cannot have Debentures for their Debts, as the English Transports have had, by reason the Act for that Purpose does not, as is alleged, sufficiently warrant the same, the Petitioners being foreign Owners; although Three hundred Thirty thousand Seven hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven-pence, for which Interest was to be paid by the said Act, doth exceed the Sum owing for that Service, after the Petitionei's Debts shall be therein concluded, as hath been certified by the late Commissioners for Transports by their Report: And praying the Consideration of the House; and to allow a Clause in some Act, whereby the Petitioners Debte may be declared to be included within the said Three hundred Thirty thousand Seven hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven-pence, for which Interest was to be paid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed.

Sending Mr. Yates reported from the Committee, to whom the Servanu to Petition of the Merchants trading to the English Plantation*. tjons in Americawas referred, That they had directed him

to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Abuses in transporting Servants to his Majesty's Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Abuses in transporting Servants to his Majesty's Plantations in America: And that Mr. Yales, Mr. Harley, and

Mr. Clayton, do prepare and bring in the same.

Edward J'ox, Colonel and Captain.

Spencer Broughton, Lieutenant Colonel and Captain.

Robert Coliingwood, Major and Captain.

Tho. Heskith, Chaplain.

Mr. Bruges reported from the Committee appointed Half-pay. to inspect the Papers, before the House, relating to Halt-pay, That they had inspected the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; cis.

That the Committee have gone^v £. s. d. through the Establishment of Ilalf-pay, referred to them by this House, the same commencing from the Twenty-sixth Day of March last; and, havingexami- ^5*>734 6 7

ned the Commanding Officers of several Regiments, do find, That the Charge of the said Establishment, amounting to - -

Will be lessened by the Officers since^ g dead, or otherwise provided for, by -j 4

So that the remaining Charge will be 48,397 12 5

That, as to the Estimate of 2,200l. Part of the 48,39* / i2s. 5 d.for the Officers of Colouel s Regiment, lately disbanded in the Leeward Islands, are daily expected home;

Spencer Broughton the Lieutenant Colonel and Captain of the said Regiment, attended the said Committee; and laid before them a List of the Officers of that Regiment living, and unprovided for, at his coming to which was in March last; whereby it appeared, That but One Captain, One Ensign, and the Surgeon, were dead out of that Regiment

Which List is as followeth; viz.

Henry Harris, Adjutant and Quartermaster.

Tho. Merick, Surgeon, dead.

Gabriel Granwall, Surgeon's Mate.

4

Captain*.

Lieutenant*.

John Wildbor. Francis Coliingwood. Robert Kemp.

T1k>. Dclavall, dead. Charles Monger. Francis Foulk.

Henry Lyon. Humphrey Cory. Rich. Oxenden. George Harrison.

Robert Thornton, Captain Lieutenant. Henry Harris.

Daniel Scnault, Lieutenant.

Arthur Booth.

Reve Digoine.

Wooten Ugse.

Rich. Mullins.

James Stewart Peter Bagneal.

William Lee. I

This is a true List of the Officers of Colonel Fez's Regiment

Assigns.

Tho. Skinner.

Robert Coliingwood. Edward Atkinson. Henry Brooks.

Isaac Dronart.

Tho. Merick, dead. James Collier.

Isaac Duplex.

Hugh Bellasege.

May 28U1, 1701.

Spencer J3rough ton.

An

« I I

F*- c:

£7

a*

CD

o

Q§

rT

o

t*

►-»

An ACCOUNT of Vacancies in the Establishment of Half-pay, by Persons, intituled to such Half-pay, being dead, or otherwise provided for.

Colonel Leigh's Regiment.

Captains. Lieutenant*. Cornets. Quartermaster*.

j per Diem. 8. fohn Nicholson - - - - 3 0 per Diem. s. d. John Usher - - - 2 6

Regiment*. Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns.

The late Duke of Bolton's. John Powell - - - 4 8 per Diem. s.

Colonel Thomas Brudenall's. Lieutenant Colonel John Hubbart, as! ~ Lieutenant Colonel and Captain / ° Nch. Farmer - - - - 4 8 1 Tho. Lloyd - - - - 1 10 I Samuel Francis - - - 1 10 John Fullford, Quartermaster, 2$.

Colonel Thomas Saunderson's. -a £> Major Rich. Sutton, as Major and Captain 7 2 John Patridge - - - - i 10 Nic. Tyrwhit - - - l 10' John Daulton - - - t 10

Colonel Row's. Henry Worthly - - - 4 8

Colonel John Gibson's. Geo. Watkins - - - 4 8 David Gibson - - - 2 4

Colonel Thomas Farrington's. Sam. Pitman - - - 4 8

Captain*.- Royal Regiment of Lieutenants. DRAGOONS. Cornets. Quartermasters.

John Richardson - - - -30 1 John Anderson - - - 2 0

Colonel Lio yd's Regiment. 1 Cha. Hedlam - - - 2 0

O per Diet o , i Fran. St. George - - - 5 Earl of Es ». P 6 sex's Regiment.

3

I.

OS

o

FOOT.

Regiments. Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns.

Brigadier Selwyn s. per Diem. s. d. Wm. Kingsly - - - 4 8 per Diem. s.. d. per Diem. s. d. Robert Wansborough - - i 10

Major General Churchills. Joshua Churchill - - - 4 8

Brigadier Trelawnye's. John Lloyd - - 4 8 Leonard Fish - - - - 2 4

The late Colonel Russell's. Geo. Paine - - - - 2 4

Sir Cloudesly Shovell's. Geo. Rodney - - - 4 8 John Thornhill - - - 4 8

Colonel Wm. Seymours. Colonel Wm. Seymour - - 114

Colonel Edward Dutton Colts. Colonel Edw. Dutton Colt - - 114 Major Henry Grove - - 72 Robert Pargiter - - - t 10

Colonel Hen. Mordaunt's. John Sait 24 Tho. Brown - - - - 1 10

Colonel Tho. Brudenalls. Benj. Bennet - - - 4 8 Robert Hill - - - - 4 8 Hen. Killegrew - - - 2 4

Major General Lumley's. John Petter, Chi iplain, % s. 4 d.

Colonel Lloyd's. John Hilson, Chaplain, 3 s. 4d.

Royal Regiment of Eusileers. James Wilboaux - - - 2 4 Jervase Barker - - - 2 4 Greg. Ordiume - - - 2 4

Colonel's Brudenall s Marine Regiment. O Benj. Bennet - - - 4 8 Rob. Hill - - - - -48 Henry Killegrew - - - 2 4

Commissary of the Musters - .....-.....George Buyng - - - - 10 o

s. £ f- d.

Total per Diem - - 9 2 10 per Annum - - 3,336 14 2

OQ^ 4

FT

610 10* Junii. -^.1701*

IO

Junii.

6 ii

13 W. III.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the Clause of Appropriation be brought in.

Sir Humphrey Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for qualifying Justices of Peace was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally jmt thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to except some Counties out of the Act:

And the same was twice read with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to exempt Barristers at Law out of the Bill.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Commissions of the Peace to be made gratis:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and afterwards agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Rmvland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Town of Nottingham; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Uppn the Petition of Robert Sacheverell Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of George Gregory Esquire, to serve for the Town of Nottingham:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Freemen, and Freeholders of 40 s. a Year.

It was also agreed, That the eldest Sons of Freemen, by their Birth; the younger Sons of Freemen, who have served Seven Years Apprenticeship whether in Nottingham, or elsewhere; and also Persons as have served Seven Years Apprenticeship to any Freeman of Nottingham; were well intitled to demand their Freedom.

That, upon the Poll, there were,

For the Sitting Member Mr. Gregory 558.

For the Petitioner - - - 534.

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That they should, by taking off from Mr. Gregory's Poll, and adding to their own, make themselves a Majority: And they also insisted, That there had been several ill Practices by the Sitting Member, in procuring Votes.

And, First, the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give an Account of such Persons as had a Right to their Freedoms, and had been denied to be made free; and would have voted for the Petitioner, and were refused: And they called,

Sam. Smith: Who said, That John Stevens did.serve JVm. Pery, a Freeman of Nottingham; and had demanded his Freedom Thirty or Forty times within these Two or Three Years last past:

That JVm. Lever ton had served Henry Brown, a Freeman; and had demanded Three times within a Year and an Half; but was refused, because he had waited upon a Gentleman out of Town Part of his Time:

That Nathnael Wild had served a Freeman; and demanded his Freedom Three Years ago; and was refused, because he lived out of Town:

Vol. 13.

That Edward Gunthorpe had served his Father, a Freeman; and demanded his Freedom Five Months before the Election; and was refused, because he was under Age:

That William Dunn had served one Bridges, a Bricklayer; and had demanded his Freedom Five Months ago, and before that, and was refused:

That John Brudsley was Apprentice with his Father; and had demanded his Freedom several times Five or Six Months ago; and was refused, because he lived in the Country:

That Sam. Anthony had served William BrinkJiurst; and was refused Five Months ago, and before, because he lived out of Town:

That JVm. Chamberlain had served his Father; but it was acknowleged he had been condemned for Horsestealing:

That Samuel Roberts was Apprentice to Thomas Figures; and demanded his Freedom Five Months before 'the Election; and was refused, because he did not produce his Indentures:

That Francis Pettison was the Second Son of a Freeman, and served his Father; and was' refused, because his Father lived out of Town: 1

That Tho. Burden served Thomas Bonny; and was refused, because he was married, although it was after his Apprenticeship:

That Joshua Skinner served John Iodin; and was refused, because his Master lived out of Town:

That John Weston served Geo. Kenning; but w as refused, because his Indentures were looked upon a fraudulent:

That Francis Sister served Benjamin Ryley; but was refused, because he served Part of his Time out of Town:

That Alexander Cormorick served Richard Redbour; but was refused for the like Cause:

That Stephen Longstone served Jeffery Lichman; and was refused, because he lived out of Town:

That JVm. Bartram was refused for the like Cause: That John Staples served John Clerk; but was refused, because his Master was not free, though he follows aTrade in Town:

That Daniel Noble served Thomas Goddard; and was refused for the like Cause, though Tho. Goddard's Name wras taken on the Poll:

To prove Soloinon Baker and John Baker were free, he produced the Copy of their Burgess Oath; which, Smith said, was usual to deliver to them at the time of (he making free:

That John Roberts served Joshua Walker; but w as refused, because his Master was not free:

That George Burton served Christopher Hooke; but was refused, because he was married:

That John Mabbott, the Son a Freeman, served John Pywell; and was refused, because he lived out of Town: That Stephen Ragg follows the Trade of a Carpenter in Town, and has voted several times:

That John Winter served Hugh Smith, Plasterer, and follows the Trade of a Plasterer; and was refused, because, Part of his Time of his Apprenticeship, he had been in the King's Service:

That William Crofts was a Freeman; but it w'as acknowleged, that he was disfranchised:

That William Blackstone is a reputed Burgess, and hath frequently voted:

That Patricius Goodall is a Freeman by Purchase: That William Roe is free; but lives out of Town: That John Sand ifer always enjoyed the Privilege of a Freeman; and his Apprentice's Vote was accepted.

That Gervase Sully, William Nicholson, and Joseph Hawkins, are reputed Freemen, and have frequently voted.

And Mr. Smith said, That these several Persons would have voted for Mr. Pierrepoint and Mr. Sacheverell, and were refused; and that several of them were asked who they w ere for, before they were refused:

That

612

10

Junii.

A\170ii

Nottingham

Election.

That Joseph Baggaley, Wm. Sweeting, Edward Renown, Sam. Lawson, John Merryn, Henry Innocent, John ' Wood, were reputed Freemen; and that Jo?. Crampton, Jos. Ragg, Thomas, and James, were intitled to their Freedoms, and were refused; and that as well these last mentioned Freemen, as these intitled to their Freedoms, would have polled for the Petitioner, and Mr. Pierrepont; but were not admitted so to do.

That the Petitioner's Counsel objected to Jos. Willis, and Jos. Kirke:

Mr. Smith, and Jon. Trueman, said, That Jos. Willis polled as a Freeman; and that he paid Toll, which no Freeman does.

Mr. John Wood was called as to Kirk: Who pretended to give some Account of the Title he had to his Estate; but, in fact, it was admitted he had sworn himself to be a Freeholder; which satisfied the Committee in that Point. The next Thing the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded on was, indirect Practices by the Sitting Member: And, in the First place, with respect to several, that had voted for the Sitting Member: And called several Witnesses:

Sam. Parsons said, That he hqd engaged hirnself to be for Master Pierrepont, and Mr. Sacheverell: And that Samuel Rickards, who solicited Votes for Mr. Gregory, desired his Vote for Mr. Gregory; and told him, He should have the Advantage of having \ol. of the Coventry Char rity lent him: That the said Parsons insisted to have ,5/. down: Mr. Rickards gave him a Note for it; and he accordingly received it: But it was acknowleged, That the 5/. was to be repaid when he received the 10/.; and that Thomas Wright was bound with him for it.

Jonathan Movlcy said, That about Christmas Day, the Mayor, and Mr. Gregory, and Mr Green, were together; and that, being at Mr. Gregory s House, he heard Burley tell Mr. Gregory, He had got Four or Five Votes for him; and laid out all his Money to hire Votes: And Mr. Gregory said, He should have more; and that Mr. Gregory ordered his Butler to give them Beer.

John Crcswdl said, That he had 5 s. of James More; 105. of Benjamin Green; 105. of Taylor, and Half a Crown; of Fosbrook, a Pair of Shoes; to vote for Mr. Gregory; which More, Green, Taylor, and Fosbrook, he said, were Agents for Mr. Gregory:

That he had 55. of one Hallom, to swear, that Ned Brazen, an Agent of Mr. Sacheverell, had given him 5 s.; but did not promise so to do, though he received the Money:

That there was a Paper written at Alderman Rickards' House, importing, That he had received 105. of Mr. PiaTCpont, and 105. of Mr. Sacheverell, which was tendered to him to be signed; but he refused to do it; and thereupon one Barrow put his Name to it, by Mr. Wat-kinsvns the Mayor's Order; and that, after he had declared the Contents of the Paper was not true, Alderman Rickards, and Sam. Rickards, pressed him to sign it: And that the Mayor told him, If he would not be a Witness for them, he would press him: And that, the Night before the Election, he, and some others, that voted for Mr. Gregory, were locked up at one Mores House, that they might not go to the other Party; and were treated with Boast Beef and Ale:

That he saw Sam. Ash receive Money:

That Matth. Dalwater, had 10 s. oiGreen, about Three Days before the Election:

That Edwaml Robbins received 5s. of one Amos, another Agent for Mr. Gregory; and he himself 105.:

That Thomas Burley received of James More, who came to hire him, a Fortnight before the Election, 115.; one Half for himself; the other Half to hire Votes; and, with the 55. 6d. hired Three Votes; namely, John Davy, Fracis Summer, and Dalwater.

Mary Lee said. That, at Eleven a Clock on Monday before the Election, going by Mr. Gregorys House, Mr. Gregory gave Burlty about a Crowm-piece, in the publick Street; and said, It was to hire Votes.

Jacob Tibson said, Simeon Ash had promised his Vote for Mr. Sacheverell Three Months before the Election; and, finding him afterwards revolting, he asked him the Reason; and the said Tibson told him, He had 405. of Green, and a Stocking-frame.

Jon. Hollis said, That Jos. Dobbs declared, He had io s. to vote for Mr. Gregory.

Wm. Kitchen said, The Night before the Election, lie received 1 s. of Ben). Green, and another Shilling of Tho. Oldham, Mr. Gregorys Servant, to make Mr. Gregorys Voters drink: And Oldham told Kitchen, It would be less taken notice of from him.

Tho. Wilcox said, That he had promised Mr. Sachece-rell and Mr. Pierrepont his Vote; but Sam. Rickards desired his Vote for Mr. Gregory; on that Account lent him 215. 6d. to vote for Mr. Gregory; and that he drank the Day off, and paid nothing fGr it.

James Baker said, That he had promised his Vote for Master Pierrepont and MY.Sacheverell; but, a Fortnight before the Election, the Mayor offered to lend him 10£ of Coventry Money, if he w ould vote for Mr. Gregory: He said, He had not the Money; for the Mayor told him. It was gone: He acknow leged the Disposition of Coventry Money was in the Mayor and Council of Nottingham.

Richard Laztwence said, That John Goodwin told him, He had 55. of Amos, on account of his Vote; and 5s. at another time of James More; and Eighteen-pence at another time; and besides I16 forgave him a Debt of 145.

Tho. Wilcox said, John Goodwin told him, lie had a Pair of Hose and Shoes to vote for Mr. Gregory; but he did not tell him of whom.

John Trueman said. That William Wogden said, He had Money of Mr. Gregoiy's Side, or he would not have been for him:

That Joshua Flower told him, He received 65. 6d. ol Green, or he would not have voted for Mr. Gregory:

That Wm. Farmer said, He had received Money of the Mayor; and therefore he durst not vote for Mr. Sacheverell.

Jacob Tibson said, That, about November last, one Jos. Boot told him, That he, and one Skinner, had 1 s. apiece from Mr. Gregory; and that he drank w hat he would.

Jon. Hollis said, That Geo. Tibson desired William AH-cock's Vote for Mr. Gregory; which he refusing, he was arrested; and Mr. Sacheverell not thinking fit to release him, Ben. Green afterwards told him, he had paid 3/. lor him to vote for Mr. Gregory:

That Green desired him to get what Votes he could out of the Way, and he would give him a Guinea to carry a Letter; but he did not go:

And that Davy told him, He would be kinder to him than his Father and Mother, if he w ould be for Mr. Gregory:

That the Mayor said, That there would come 300l. from Coventry; and every one should have 10/.

Joshua Tibson said, That, about a Fortnight before the Election, he had 1 o 5. of Mr. Gregory, to drink his Health: He said, He believed it was given with respect to his Vote; but it had no Influence on him, because he was resolved to vote for Mr. Gregory and Sir Scroop Hmce.

That the next thing the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded on was, as to ill Practices in general: And for that they called several Witnesses:

Henry Mold said, That the Mayor solicited Votes for Mr. Gregory; and that several of the Votes, a Fortnight and Week before the Election, being at the Mayors when lie was there, would say, They would have 6d. or Ale, or Strong Waters, or Victuals; and had what they called for: Another time, some others came to the Mayor to the Tavern, and drank, and borrowed Money; and the Mayor bid them stand fast: That the Mayor said, There was drank amongst the Voters, at his House, some Weeks, Three Hogsheads: That he would not tell who paid the Expence; but those that cat and drank voted lor Sir Scroop How and Mr. Gregory.

7 . Tho.

t3 W. III. Junit.

Thd. Jalland said, That Samuel Rickards gave him 205. to go out of Town on the Election-day, he having before declared, That he had promised to be for Master Pierre-pout and Mr. Sacheverell; but lie said, he came to Town the next Day, and did vote for them.

Edward Ward said, That the Mayor offered, that he should have 10/. of the Coventry Money* if he would be for Sir Scroojj How and Mr. Gregory; that he would have given him 20s.: and Mr. Gregory would have given him a Guinea: And

Ant. Johnson and Edward Ward said, That one Turpin, that appeared for Mr. Gregory, said, after the Election was over, A great deal of the Money, that was spent, was East India Money;

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member were directed to answer the Charge of Bribery in the First Place: And thereupon they called*

John Richards Bookseller: Who said, That he went to Alderman Richards' House, where also came John Cres-vell; who was asked, If the Paper produced was his own Writing; and he said, It was not; but it was all true: And he said, He got a Friend of his at Castlegate to write it; and, at the same time, declared, That Mr. Sacheverell and Mr. Pieirepont took him into a Closet, and desired his Vote; and gave him 10*. a-piece; and, after he had given the said Account, Creswell would have had them lent him Money; but he was then told, It could not be done, because it would look like Hiring of Evidence: And the said Richards further said, That, at the same lime, Mr. Barrow put down in a Writing, delivered into the Committee, several Particulars, which Creswell gave them an Account of, relating to the said Election; and that Creswell put his Mark to it.

Thomas Creswell further said, That Edward Brown, Six or Seven Days after the Election, took him to one Middle-tens,; and asked him, if Mr. Gregory had not given him 20 s.; and protferred him 20 s. to say so.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel offered to call other Witnesses, as to what Creswell said at Alderman Richards', and as to Creswell's signing the Paper; but they having been charged by Creswell with Corruption, or imposing on him in that respect, they were not admitted.

Creswell was confronted by John Richards; and denied the Matter of Fact given in Evidence by Richards.

And the Counsel then called,

strvoise Thompson: Who said, He heard Cresxvell say, That Mr. Pier repent and Mr. Sacheverell, a Fortnight before the Election, gave him ins. a-piece; and that Broun the Barber, since the Election, had given him a Crown to attest what he should desire: And he further said, That Creswell wos a Stocking-maker, and out of Work; and had run in Debt; and had cheated several People.

William Bairow said, He heard Creszccll own the Paper produced; and that Creswell said, Mr. Sacheverell and Mr. Pierrepont did lock him up in a Room before the Election, and gave him 10^. a-piece; And'Richards and Barrow

.....That the said Creswell declared, That Johnson

asked him, If Mr. Gregory was fairly chose: To which the said Creswell answered, lie thought he was: And that Johnson told him, he would give 10$. if he w ould say, Mr. Sacheverell was chose; and that he took the Money; and told Johnson lie would say so if he could with a safe Conscience.

William Bellamy said, That John Holies declared, That Partridge and Tipson, desired his Vote for Mr. Sacheverell; and Mr. Pierrepont had told him, He should have a Couple of Frames brought into his House at a Rent; which accordingly he received.

James Brampton said, That John Hollis was a great Rogue; for he married his Sister, and pawned her Cloaths; and at the same time had another Wife.

That the Sitting Member s Counsel theu proceeded to charge the Petitioner with several ill Practices: And called several Witnesses.

Vol. 13.

John Smithy and John Smith juriior, said, That Geo. Nottingham Betteson came to their House, and pulled out a Quantity Election* of Silver, and Two Guineas, and kissed One of them; and said, he had one of them from Mr. Pierrepont, and the other from Mr. Sacheverell: Who would not be for such honest Gentlemen

William Lockow said, That he had 36s. lent him by John Shepherd and Wm. Wollaston, on account that he should vote for Mr. Sacheverell; otherwise he would have been for Mr. Gregory.

The said Lockow said, He was a Heel-maker; and Wollaston was a Shoemaker:

And that John Lockow told him, That he had Two Crown-pieces to vote for Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sache-vercll.

John Johnson said, That John Hollis shewed him a Crown, which, he said, he had on the Election-day, to be for Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sacheverell.

Francis Somers said, That Richard Birch told him,

That Mr. Shipman gave him a Coat oft' his Back to vote for Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sacheverell: And that his Aunt sent for him', and told him, If he would not be for them, she would keep the Writings of a House from him of 30s. a Year.

Ellen Smith said, That Richard Birch shewed her 12 s. in Mr. Dufraises House, which, he said, Mr. Shipman gave him to vote for Mr. Sacheverell.

Tho. Selby said, That, about Four Days before the Election, he had a Coat and Stockings of Mr. Blunt, to vote for Mr. Sacheverell and Mr. Pierrepont.

Lewis Smith said. That Tipson the Joiner lent him 10 s. on Condition he should vote for Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sacheverell:

The said Smith at first named another Tipson to be the Man.

John Foster said, That William Chambers his Father, told him, That Mr. Sacheverell had given him 2s. and hoped he would vote for him, as he had done.

That as to ill Practices in general; the Silting Member's Counsel called,

Jos. Stoaks: Who said, That Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sacheverelly on Christmas Day in the Evening, desired his Vote; and that Mr. Pierrepont told him, If he had Occasion, he would lend him 5/. and he need not fear being asked for it:

He said, He had no Money; and he voted for Mr. Sacheverell and Sir Scroop How.

Jervoise Thompson said, That Mr. Charles Drury the Minister, some Nights before the Election, went about the Streets with a Bag of Money, and offered 40 s. for a Vote; but he did not prove any given.

William Barden said, that he heard one Brett say, That he could give 20/. for Twenty Votes; and that lie had got some Votes for Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sacheverell:

And Mr. Drury would give 100l. for 100 Votes.

That, as to Treating;

Tho. Selby, and Lewis Smith, said, That, on the Election-day, several Burgesses, that voted for Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Sacheverell, were treated at Mr. Drury s, Partridge's, Tipson's, ..... Selby's:

Said Mr. Drury was a Gentleman of an Estate; and the House was full of People: Smith said, He believed he had seen Thirty Burgesses together.

That as to the Qualifications of the Voters;

Mr. Richards said, That John Stevens was made free under the new Charter; and was refused by the Sheriff, because he could not make it appear he had served a Freeman:

That William Chamberlaine was refused, because he could not make it appear he had served an Apprenticeship:

That Alexander Comerick was refused, because his Master, being a Trunk-maker, afterwards turned Mountebank; and Comerick was his Tumbler:

That the Sheriffs could not find Patricius Goodall's Name in the Freeman s Book:

7 R That,

Answer to Lords Message respecting the Impeachments.

io° Junii. A. 1701.

That Jervoise Sully was disfranchised, having imposed on the Corporation, that he was a Burgess's Son born: That they could not find Jos. Ragg's Name in the Leidger:

That John Wood is free by the new Charter; and he never see him tender his Vote.

As to the Evidence given by Mr. Smith;

Mr. Richards said, That Mr. Smith was only present at Two Hall-days; and at One of them, he came in only before the last Thing was done.

Mr. Richards, and Char. Chatwick, said, The Mayor came, and gave his Vote: bat did not see him upon the Bench: And that the Sheriffs took Advice of Counsel, and took what Care they could to pursue the same: And the Sheriffs declared, That, if any Persons were refused the first Day, and would come the next Day, and make Out their Right, they should be polled.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Gregory Esquire is not duly elected a Bur-

?ess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Nottingham.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Sachexierell Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said ToVrn of Nottingham.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That George Gregory Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Nottingham.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Sachtverell Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Nottingham; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Town of Nottingham, by rasing out the Name of George Gregory Esquire, and inserting the Name of Robert Sacheverell Esquire, in the stead thereof.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Articles of Impeachment, That they had, according to Order, drawn up an Answer to the Message from the Lords Yesterday; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House; and is as followed; viz.

THE Commons in Hopes of avoiding all Interruptions and Delays in proceeding against the impeached Lords, and the many Inconveniencies, which might arise thereby, having proposed to your Lordships, at a Conference, That a Committee of both Houses might be nominated, to consider of the most proper Ways and Methods of proceeding on Impeachments, think, they might justly have expected your Lordships Compliance with their said Proposition, instead of your Lordships Answer to their Message, of the 4th Instant; which they Yesterday received: In which Answer of your Lordships, though many Matters of great Exception are contained, a suitable Reply whereunto would inevitably destroy all good Correspondence between the Two Houses; yet the Commons, from an earnest Desire to preserve the same, as well as to give the most convincing Proof of their Moderation, and to shew their Readiness to bring the impeached Lords to speedy Justice, at present insist only on their Proposition for a Committee of both Houses,

f Mr. Pierrepont,

I Mr. Scobell:

£ Sir Char. Hotham, I Mr. Topham:

182.

103.

to settle and adjust the necessary Preliminaries to the Tryals; particularly, whether the impeached Lords shall appear, on their Tryals, at your Lordships Bar, as Criminals; whether, being under Accusations of the same Crimes, they are to sit as Judges, on each others Tryals, for those Crimes; or can vote in their own Cases; as we find, by your Lordships Journals since their being impeached, they have been admitted to do: Which Matters, and some others, being necessary to be adjusted, the Commons cannot but insist on a Committee of both Houses to be appointed for that Purpose; their departing from which would be giving up the Rights of the Commons of England, known by unquestionable Precedents, and the Usage of Parliament; and making all Impeachments, the greatest Bulwark of the Laws and Liberties of England, impracticable for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the said Answer to the Lords.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Lords Mu-Consideration the Message from the Lords Yesterday; whereby they acquainted this House, That they have appointed the Tryal of John Lord Somers on Friday Tryal. next, on the Impeachment against him.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Message be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, to prepare an Answer to the said Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lynn for the erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, within the ^orkhouse' Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, w ithout any Amendments: Also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for Raising One Year, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, Miliu*. be not repaid, without any Amendments: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Archibald Arthur's Arthur; and enabling him to settle and dispose of his *at* Estate; without any Amendments: And,

That they have agreed to the Amendment, made Jlydf's by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vest- Estate, ing the Estate of Humphrey Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children: And also.

To the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, Ppyots, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Auguste Pynyot, &c‘ ‘NgU and others: Also,

That the Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee that managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Harcourt reported, That he had, according to Order, carried the said Answer to the Lords.

Mr. Harcourt also reported the Conference: And that it was managed by the Duke of Devonshire; who acquainted them, That the Lords have desired this Conference, upon Occasion of the last Conference, in order to preserve a good Correspondence with the House of Commons; which they shall always endeavour.

As to the late Messages between the Two Houses, their Lordships are well assured, that on, their Part, nothing has passed, but what was agreeable to the Methods of Parliament, and proper to preserve that good Understanding betw een both Houses, which is necessary for the carrying on of the publick Business.

Goosl

ommis-ouers of ccounts.

13 W. III. i o° Junii. 615

As to the Proposal of the Commons, That a Committee of both Houses should be appointed, to consider of the Ways and Methods of Proceedings on Impeachments; their Lordships cannot agree to it:

I. Because they do not find, that ever such a Committee was appointed on Occasion of Impeachments for Misdemeanors; And their Lordships think themselves obliged to be extremely cautious in admitting any thing new in Matters relating to Judicature.

2dlv, That although a Committee of this Nature was agreed to upon the Impeachments of the Earl of Danby, and the Five Popish Lords, for High Treason; yet it was upon Occasion of several considerable Questions and Difficulties, which did then arise; And their Lordships do not find, that the Success in that Instance was such, as should encourage the pursuing the same Methods again, though in the like Case; the Lords observing, that, after much Time spent at that Committee, the Disputes were so far from being the re adjusted, that they occasioned the abrupt Conclusion of a Session of Parliament.

3tlly, Their Lordships are of Opinion, That the Methods of Proceedings on Impeachments for Misdemeanors are so w ell settled by the Usage of Parliaments, that they do not foresee any Difficulties likely to happen; at least, none have been yet stated to them: And all the Preliminaries, in the Case of Stephen Goudett, and others, which was the last Instance of Impeachments for Misdemeanors, were easily settled and agreed to, without any such Committee.

4tbly, The Lords cannot but observe, That this Proposal of the Commons comes so very late, that their Lordships can expect no other Fruit of such a Committee, but the Preventing of the Tryals during this Session.

The Lords assure the Commons, That, in case any Difficulties shall arise in the Progress of these Tryals, which their Lordships do not foresee, they will be ready to comply with the Commons in removing them, as far as Justice, and the Usage of Parliament, will admit.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clci k'sTable: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, with some Amendments to some of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or obstruct, in any manner, the Execution of the Powers granted by an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his Majesty's Reign, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; and continued to the Commissioners therein named for and during the further Time in the Act mentioned for that Purpose:

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea} 7°'

Teller, for U^Noes

100.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, be to added to the Bill, That all Persons, who shall contract for furnishing Bread, Forage, or Waggons, for the Forces to be employed in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, shall sign, or some by them sufficiently authorized, such Vox.. J3.

Contract in England; and shall give Sufficient Security for passing the Accounts thereof in the Exchequer:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added, relating to Colonel Leighton:

And the same was read the First time; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners appointed for stating the Accounts of the Officers of the Army, shall make out a Certificate for Three thousand Nine hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Fourpence, or so much thereof as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be due to Major General Steward, who commanded several Regiments of his Majesty's Forces in an Expedition, which was made into Spaine, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, and One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, for Money disbursed for the publick Service in that Expedition, and in procure-ing Money to be advanced for the Pay of his own Regiment; whereupon Debentures shall and may be issued and satisfied out of the Monies arising by the forfeited and other Estates in Ireland, in the same manner with other Debentures chargeable thereupon:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question* severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be added to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners be Seven.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Qualifications of the Commissioners be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee; Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslin^; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

Aiid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,. Nine a Clock.

Sic Orig.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Duties on Salt.

Supply Bill; appropriating Excise, &c.

Supply Bill; Duties on Low Wines.

6i6

ri

A. 1761*

Bagneol's, Ate. Nat.

Wtdde'e, &c. Nat.

Stanley's

Estate.

Conduct of Whitacre, Admiralty Solicitor.

Mercurii, 11° die Jwin;

13* YVillielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

HENRY Gardie, John Dalnrn, Eloy de Mari amt Dtfontain, Peter Malic, Afc//. de la Roche, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Bagncol, DanielSenault, and others* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Lord Will. Pozvlett, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Pynnell Mr. Mountague, Mr. England, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Fw/-fey* Mr. Freeman, Mr. Stratford, Mr. Wbmington, Mr. Walsh, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Rozvncy, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Sir Mordant, Sir Jo/w Cotten, Mr. Lloyd,

Air. Rigby, Mr. Walmisley, Mr. Brotherson, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Birch, Mr. Thornhaugh, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Crosse, Sir Walter Young, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Thompson, Mr. JVortley alias Mountague, Sir Will. Ashurst, Mr. Nicholls, Sir Fra/i. JI/rwMrw, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bridges, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Clayton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gasper Coi'dosa Harmon Varit Wedde, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Thomas Stanley Baronet, so charge his Estate with the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title! be, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Stanley to charge certain Manors and Lands in the County of Lancaster with Three thousand Pounds, for Payment of his Sisters Portions, and his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Marks, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to wrhom it was referred to inspect the Behaviour of Mr. Edward Whitacre, Solicitor to the Admiralty, since he has been in that Employment, and to report the same to the House, That they had inspected the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon Examination of the Charge against Mr. Eduard Whitacre, for the Bailing and Escape of Mr. Henry Bolton, the Matter of Fact appears as followeth; viz.

By the Warrant of Commitment from Mr. Secretary Hedges it appears, That Bolton was accused, upon Oath, for confederating with Captain William Kidd for Piracy on the high Seas; which Warrant is marked (A); and is as followeth; viz.

(A) Whereas Henry Bolton is accused upon Oath, for confederating with Captain William Kidd, who is now a Prisoner in Newgate, for Piracy by him committed upon the High Seas: These are, in His Majesty's Name, to command and require you to receive into your Custody, from the Marshal of the Admiralty, the said Henry Bolton, and him safely to keep, until he shall be delivered by due course of Law: And'hereof fail not, as you will answer the contrary at your Peril.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this 30th Day of December 1700.

C. Hedges.

To the Keeper of his Majesty's Gaol

of the Marshalsea, or his Deputy.

Mr. Robert Hyde, Clerk to the Lord Chief Justice JJWft said, That Mr. Whitacre told my Lord, He had inquired after the Bail, and approved of the Persons otfered, to bd good Bail; and that Mr. Whitacre was present when the Bail was taken.

Mr. Spencer, Clerk of the Marshalsea, said, That hd brought Mr. Bolton to my Lord Chief Justice Holt, in order to be bailed; and that Mr. Whitacre told my Lord Chief Justice, That he had inquired into the Bail, and did believe Three of them to be good Bail; and, the Fourth not being the re, the Solicitor for Mr. Bolton proposed another Person; who, he said, was a better Man; and Mr. Whitacre sa;d, He did not know him; but did not oppose his being Bail; arid thereupon his Bail was taken.

Mr. Whitadre wd$ called in, arid acknowledged, That he approved of Three of the Bail; but did not know the other; and did not oppose him.

Upon Examination of the Matter of Fact, it appeared to this Committee, That the Bail, offered by Mr. Whitacre to my Lord Chief Justice Holt for the said Air. Bolton, was insufficient.

The Committee proceeded to examine into the Matter of the Presentment by the Grand Jury, High Sheriff, and Justices of the Peace, for the County of Southampton, against Mr. Whitacref dated the 26th of July 1700: Which said Presentment, with several Reasons for making the same, was laid before the Committee; and is marked (B); and is as followeth; viz.

By the Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace, at the Assizes held at Wintcn, for the County of Southampton, July 26th 1700.

At the present and late Assizes held here for the said County, there have been several Prosecutions against Offenders, for notorious Thefts and Embezzlements of his Majesty's Naval Stores; and finding the Prosecutions* generally laid, have proved very irregular, to his Majesty's

geat Disservice, and to the Dissatisfaction of the whole ounty 2

We under-written, attending the said Assizes, to discharge our Duty, are of Opinion, That the Prosecution, and Management of the Tryals, upon the barbarous Murder of one Harris, and the Thefts that attended that Matter the last Assizes, and the Indictments now brought before us for several Abuses further discovered, relating to the notorious Practices of Purloining and Robbing of his Majesty's Stores at Portsmouth, and Timber in the New Forest, in a Succession of Years last past, are, by the Solicitor, Mr. Whitacre, either managed corruptly or ignorantly; whereby Opportunity hath been given for the Guilty to evade Justice, and bar the further Discovery of those pernicious Practices; the Consequences of which, we humbly desire, may be considered; and that the Reflections laid on our County, for want of Vigilance to detect such Crimes, may be removed, and fixed in the right Place.

GRAND JURY.

John St. Barbe, Geo. Stanley, Rich. Cobbe, Arthur Hyde, Will. Bishop, Tho. Dozvse, Richard Marks, IVm. Knapton, Jos. Hinxsman, Robert Cranston, Wm. Fisher junior, Edward Hooper, Jos. Lisle, Jos. White, Will. Bozcerman, Andrezv Smith, John King, John Goodyer.

High Sheriff. Justices of the Peace.

K. Chute. Robert Smith,

Edward Fleming, Edward Pyle, H. Danley, Richard Chaundler,

John Hoby, F. Tylney.

Several Reasons which induced the Grand Jury, High Sheriff, and Justices of the Peace, for the County of Southampton, at the Assizes held at [Vinton, to make their Presentment against Mr. Whitaker, the 26th July 1700.

Article 1st. At Lent Assizes 1700, several Persons ' were indicted for embezzling his Majesty's Stores 2 at

13 W. III. ii° Junii.

at Portsmouth, and for murdering one Harris, who had discovered the same; but, by the irregular Management of the Prosecutions, several of them escaped Punishment; particularly David Aldridge, that had, by such Methods, got a very considerable Estate; and, as it appeared at the Tryals, was Principal in all those wicked Practices; but, by a sudden Artifice, he was tried first for the Murder, contrary to the positive Advice and Desire of Commissioner Greenhill, and Mr. Whitacre's Promise; where the Evidence, which after appeared upon other Indictments, was wanting, and he found guilty ex post facto; and a poor indigent Fellow', that was employed by him, being convicted as Principal, Aldridge was acquitted, with a slight Burning, though he had Three several Verdicts afterwards for Felony; the Indictments for which was observed to be against him only as accessary to the Embezzlement, when, at the TryaJs, the Evidence was full to have proved him Principal in several Burglaries; there being one Christopher May convicted upon the same Evidence, and was reprieved, and illegally bailed, before pardoned.

Article 2. One Daniel Lawrence was indicted for the same Crimes; but escaped, by Mr. Whit acre s Neglect, in not preparing the Evidence: And, in another Case, Three or Four Men were arraigned upon an Indictment drawn by Mr. Whitacre; who made so great a Mistake in Time, that what the Witnesses had to say, could not affect the Prisoners upon that Indictment; and were thereby acquitted.

Article 3. That one Moses House informed against White and Whitman, for cutting out the Marks of the King's Timber, in the New Fai'est, and setting their own Marks in the same, and carrying of it away for their own Use; but, instead of being made Prosecutor, was, the same Assizes, indicted for Facts of the like Nature; whereby to give White and Whitman, being rich Persons, Opportunity to escape, by taking of Houses Evidence; but House was tried at the Summer Assizes following, and was acquitted; the Prosecution appearing malicious.

Article 4. Summer Assizes 1700, one Ste. Carpenter Vas indicted for Felony and Burglary, in robbing his Majesty's Stores: The Evidence before the Grand Jury did not come up to find the Bill, as drawn, but would amount to a Misdemeanor: The Jury applied to Mr. Whitacre, and told him, That Bill would be found Ignoramus; but that the Fellow ought not to escape without Punishment; he refused to give any other Assistance then, but would refer it to the next Assizes; upon which the Jury sent to Commissioner Greenhill, who referred them to the Informations in Mr. Whitacre's Custody; upon Examination whereof, a new Indictment was brought, and other Witnesses sworn; upon which the Bill was found, the Person tried, convicted, and hanged; who, by Mr. Whitacre s Method, might have escaped.

Article 5th. Another Indictment was brought against one Whitman, for cutting the Mark out, and stealing of his Majesty's Timber in the New Forest; The Evidence sent up, were Two Peckhams;. but could say nothing to the Indictment against Whitman; but against one White; and House, which was to have been the Witness, was left out; upon which Mr. Whitacre was sent to, and a Bill desired against White, as well as Whitman; but he refused to do it; saying, He did not care whether the Bill was found or not; upon which Sir Robert Smith was sent for, who bound the Persons over; and told the Jury, That Mr. Whitacre had Informations by him, that would fully affect both White and Whitman; and thereupon a new Indictment was brought, without Whitacre'$ Knowledge, and the Witnesses sworn; upon which the Grand Jury found the Bill; but was quashed in Court by Mr. Whit-acre, and the Matter referred to the next Assizes after; where, by the Care of the Justices, a new Bill was preferred, and found; but, by this means, the Offenders gained a Year's time, to traverse; and it was observable, that those Persons were great Companions with Mr. Whitacre all the Assizes.

Article 6th. Several other Matters, relating to other Vol. 13.

Assizes, where Prosecutions seemed to be baffled, are Conduct of omitted; which might justly aggravate a Censure on Mr. Whitacre Whitacre's Management, especially as to his Delaying of Tryal from one Assize to another, and then being re* ltI moved to be tried in London; and the frequent Discouragement shewn to the King's Witnesses, with the vast Expence, it was observed, the King must be put to in these Prosecutions: And to see Tryals of such Importance, that respected Punishment for a most barbarous Murder, and the future Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Stores and Timber, all managed in a Method for the principal Criminals to escape from Justice, gave a universal Dissatisfaction of the whole County, and a just Suspicion, that the same must proceed from Bribery and Corruption, or from Ignorance and Neglect, in Mr. Whitacre; he being the Officer intrusted with those Prosecutions; the Grand Jury thought themselves bound in Duty to put a Stop to such Proceedings, by making the said Presentment, in Conjunction with the High Sheriff, and Justices of the Peace, for the said County.

John St. Barbe

Robert Smithy E. Chute.

Mr. Whitacre was heard to that Part of the Presentment, which relates to the irregular Prosecuting, and Escape, of David Aldridge: And said, That he had full Examinations given him, before he went to the Assizes at Winton; and that he advised with Mr. Solicitor General, and the King's Counsel, upon all the Indictments; but desired he may refer, for Answer at large, to his Answer,

fiven in to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, to that Vosecution, dated the 25th of February 1701: Which Answer was laid before the Committee, and marked C; and is as followeth; viz.

Paragraph of Mr. Whitacre's Answer, relating to Aldridge.

ANSWER.

That I must agree with these Gentlemen, that, in my Judgment, that Method, that was taken, did contribute to Aldridge's Escape; for he being indicted as accessary, before and after the Facts, of Felony, in stealing the King's Stores, it would have been a mighty Weight and Load on him, both as to the Court and the Jury, if, after Conviction for those Offences, he had been tried for his being accessary before and after to the Murder. There were several other Reasons, too long to be mentioned here, to proceed that Way: And I must say, if I had consented- to the Method that was taken, and is now conn plained of; nay, had I not opposed it to the utmost, the Proceeding in the Method complained of; and had I not pressed, and insisted^to observe the Method those Gentlemen rightly observe should have been taken; I should be guilty, not of Ignorance only, but give the Gentlemen, who complain, just Cause to say, of Corruption: But E do affirm, That I pressed it; and so did Two of the Counsel, who were Counsel for the King upon that Occasion only; and they did advise and desire it: But this Method was opposed by the King's Serjeant, and by him only, there being then no other of the King's sworn Counsel: They were, and I was, and must be, directed in such Prosecution; and I was governed by the King's Serjeant, and did not dare to do otherwise; and so* against my . Will, against the other Advice of the Two Counsel, who were not the King's sworn Counsel, only Counsel for that OccasionAldridge was tried-, upon the Indictment for the Murder first: For the Truth of this, I appeal to the other Two Couusel; and, because One of them may be thought too favourable towards me, I appeal to Mr. Pratt, the other Counsel, since made a Serjeant, for the Truth of what I assert: I have no Reason to believe, but the.Kings Serjeant will: own this his Advice; and that it was upon his Advice and Direction the Tryal against Aldridge proceeded in the Method it did; b»it since the Method hath proved so false a Step, it will not be reasonable to put it upon any other Determination than the Affirmation of those Two Counsel, who were 7 S positively

Chndnct of Wtmacre, Admiralty Solicitor.

618 ii* Juniu

positively for trying Aldridge on the Indictments for Felony first: And all I shall further say in this Matter, That, if I did, in the least, mention, propose, or agree to, the trying Aldridge first on the Indictment for Murder, any otherwise than by being obliged, by the King's Serjeant's Advice and Direction, so to proceed, I am ready to own what Imputation shall be laid upon me, be it never so black and severe.

And further says, That the Method of Tryal was wholly directed by Mr. Serjeant Darnell Mr. Serjeant Darnell said, That Mr. Whit acre came to him, on a sudden, a little before the Tryal came on; and that the only Question he asked him, was, Whether the Indictments against Williams, for the Embezzlement of the Stores, or against Williams, for the Murder, should be tried first? And that Mr. Whitacre never asked the said Mr. Serjeant Darnell whether the Indictment against Aldridge, for Murder, should be tried first; or any Question about the Tryal of Aldridge:

And the Question about Wilfiams, as above, was asked the said Mr. Serjeant, just as they were going on to the Tryal, and not before:

That the King's Counsel were never asked to consult together about any of the Tryals; nor was Mr. Serjeant Darnell acquainted by Air. Whitacre, that any of the other Counsel differed from him in Opinion; nor was there any Indictment preferred against Aldridge, a Principal, for any Offence; but, upon the Evidence,#it did appear, that Aldridge was Principal, and ought to have been so indicted in all the Indictments:

That, by his Breviate, there appeared several trivial Matters 01 Charge, relating to Williams, for Embezzlements, and little or no Evidence: And having observed, that Mr. Whitacre often prosecuted Persons for very frivolous and insignificant Matters, not fit to be prosecuted; to the Dissatisfaction of the Country, and to the King's great Charge and Expence; which, he thought, tended to the Damage of other Prosecutions;

That, upon these Considerations, and Mr. Whit acre's Question to try Williams for the Embezzlements before the Murder, he was jealous there was some Trick intended to bring off the Murderers; and therefore, as the Matters stood, and upon such Information as he was possessed of, he did advise Mr. Wkitaci'e to try the Murder first against Williams, before the Embezzlements against Williams, the Murder being of the greatest Consequence; and for that Aldridge was only indicted as accessary in all the Indictments: But when the Tryals came on, there did sufficient Matter appear to the Court, to have indicted and convicted Aldridge and others, which escaped, as Principals in Stealing of the Kings Stores; and, if he had been rightly and fully instructed, must have advised the same; and do lay the Blame on Mr. Whitacre's Management.

Mr. Serjeant Darnell desired Mr. Whitacre might be asked for all the Indictments, Informations, and Briefs, about these Prosecutions.

Mr. Whitacre answered; That he had them not with him. /

Mr. Whitacre was asked, If he did ever advise with Mr. Serjeant Darnell about these Prosecutions, before the Indictments were found at the Assizes;

Answered, That he never did -advise with him before the Indictments were found.

He was asked, If he did consult with the King's sworn Counsel, in all the Kings Causes:

Answered, He did not.

A Sum of 1/. 6 s. &d. charged in his Account for Counsellors Fees, was dipped on by Chance: And Mr. Whitacre, being asked to whom it was given;

Answered, He believed, to Mr. Smith. Associate to the Clerk of Assize of the Home Circuit.

He was asked, If he was a Counsellor;

Answered, No.

Mr. Serjeant Darnell declared, That Mr. Whitacre never advised with him since his being the King's Serjeant, to prepare any Prosecutions in the Western Circuit.

Mr. Edward Whitacre junior, being Counsel for the 11

King in these Prosecutions, attended the Committee, by Request of his Father:

And, upon a Question from his Father, said;

That, being commanded by his Father to go to the Assizes at Winton, when the Briefs, relating to these Prosecutions, were delivered to him, seeing Matter charged against Aldridge, as accessary before and after the Facts committed, his Opinion was, to proceed on the Indict* ments, as accessary before and after the Fact, for stealing the Stores; but advised him not to be concluded by his Opinion, but to consult with the King's Serjeant; and that afterwards fee did offer the same Opinion himself to Mr. Serjeant in Court; but that Mr. Serjeant opposed it.

Mr. Hunt said, That, at the Assizes held at Winchester in March 1700, there was a great Want of Jurymen; and, being the re present, was returned to be'of the Jury on the Tryal of one David Aldridge, indicted for Murder of one John Harris; and upon several other Indictments, for embezzling his Majesty's Stores: That the said Jury, being agreed to find the said Aldridge guilty, as accessary to the Murder after die Fact committed, and of the Embezzlements; and, being so agreed, were permitted to go to an Inn, to refresh themselves; and, in parsing from the Hall to the Inn, he observed a Person, to him then unknown, whose Name, lie since understands, wal Gauntlett, call aside one John Biskopp, who was One of the said Jury; awd, shortly after, the said Bishopp came to this Examinant, and told him, That they might hate Forty Guineas to bring off the said Aldridge; which thi9 Examinant refused to accept.

This Examinant further safth, That whilst they xvtrt refreshing themselves in the said Inn, he observed several of the Jurymen, one by one, to go out of the ftdom; who, returning, would not stand to their Verdict they formerly agreed; which occasioned a further Debate; but, at last, they were prevailed with to stand to theif Former Verdict:

That, about Christmas last, one Evans came to him at Petersfield, and sent for him to the White Hart Inn, and asked him, if he were of the Jury that tried Aldridge; winch this Examinant acknowledged: That Evans asked, what Guineas were offered: This Examinant said, lie was offered Forty to bring off Aldridge; and Evans asked, by whom: He said, he could not tell; but Evans persuaded him to go to Winchester; and that he found the Person, who offered the Money, was Gauntlett.

Mr. Evans said, That he was employed by Mr. Whit* acre, to inquire whether Mr. Hunt was not One of Aid ridge's Jury upon the Tryal at Winchester, for embezzling his Majesty V Stores, and the murdering of one Harris, for discovering the same; and to ask him, if he was net offered sortie Gnitieas to bring in Aldridge Not guilty: And Mr. Evans further said, That Mr. Wkitaci'e told him, That he had 'Orders from Mr. Burchett, Secretary of the Admiralty, to employ upon this Inquiry; and accordingly ‘lie made the same; and, meeting' with Mr. Hunt at Petersfield, he told him, he was One of Aldridge Jury; and was asked by one Bishopp, One of the Jury, Whether they should accept of Forty Guineas, to bring off Aldridge Not guilty.

Mr. Burchett positively ^denied, That ever he gave Mr. Whitacre any Orders to inquire after Mr. Hunt directly or indirectly.

Mr. Whitacre said, That he desired Mr. Evans to inquire after Hunt; but did not tell hhn, he had Orders from Mr. Burchett so to do.

Mr. Evans insisted *on the Truth of what he had said, as to Mr. Whitacre telling ibira he had Orders from Mr. Burchett.

Mr. Whitacre was heard as to that Part of the first Complaint, which relates to the illegal Bailing of Christopher Map, whilst under Sentence of Death, before lie was pardoned; dnd offered several Papers: Which relate ing particularly to the Pardoning of him; and that not being the material Point complained of by the Grand: Jury; the Committee ordered hkn to keep to the Point,

13 W. III. 110 J* 6 i 9

and answer to the illegal Bail: U pon which' Mi*. Whitacre positively denied the Fact complained of; and, for his better Justification, desired to refer to his Answer laid before the Committee from the Commissioners of the Admiralty: Which Answer is as followeth; viz.

All that I did therein, having received Orders, dated in June 1700, for his being pardoned, and bailed, I sent them down to Commissioner Greenhill; with this Expression, That, according to the Warrants, they might be bailed.

Mr. Serjeant Darnell, being asked about May s being bailed, said, That he, seeing May at Liberty in Court, complained to the Judge of it; and that the Judge was very angry, in that such a thing should be, to have a Man bailed, whilst under the Sentence of Death, before he was pardoned:

That it appears to the Committee, by the said Answer, to which Mr. Whitaae referred, That be did advise and direct the Bailing of May, as is charged against him by the said Complaints.

Mr. Whitacre desired to be heard to that Part of the Grand Jury's Presentment, which relates to Stephen Carpenter; and said,

That the same and only Evidence, viz. Two Witnesses, which convicted the Person upon the Tryal, were sent up to the First Bill of Indictment, which the Grand Jury found Ignoramus: And therefore, if the Jury did not think fit to find a Bill upon the Evidence of Two Persons, which afterwards convicted the Prisoner on Tryal, he hoped, there could no Blame lie upon him; and offered several Proofs, That the Prisoner was convicted as aforesaid; to which Mr. Whitacre answered, That the Matter of Complaint came from the Grand Jury, for his Behaviour before them, before the Prisoner was put upon the Tryal; and that the Grand Jury's Complaint did not, in the least, refer to the Tryal in Court: Therefore it was expected, lie should answer to the Point on which the Complaint was grounded.

Mr. Whitaa'e desired, he might refer to his Answer before the Committee, given in to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, in Answer to that Presentment; and likewise, to the several other Heads of the said Complaint, referred hitnself also to the said Answer.

The said Answer being read, and the Matter of Fact being stated by some of the Members of this Honourable House; the said Answer not being satisfactory to the Committee, this Committee refers the Representation of Fact to be given in by such Members in their Place.

It appears by Mr. Whitacre"s Account of Charges, for the Prosecutions complained of by the Grand Jury, amounts to about 361/. 6 s. 8 d. whereof about 206/. 4$. 2 d. is reckoned for his own Attendances, and Travelling Charges and Expences; and about 21/. 16$. for Messengers; besides all Payment for Law Business.

- Thomas Wilshaw Esquire, One of the Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, informed the Committee,

That, about August 1691, he being the Commissioner of his Majesty's Navy at Portsmouth, Mr. William Cooper, Store-keeper of the Dock-yard, made Complaint to him, That he missed several Quantities of Pitch and Tar out of the King's Stores: Upon which strict Inquiry was made into the Matter; and, by the Care that was taken, Discovery was made of a great Gang of Thieves, consisting of Wa/tchmen and Workmen, that belonged to the King's Yard, which frequently robbed the Stoies: And, upon Examination, some of the Persons confessed the Fact; particularly Thomas Podd and John Hows; and that* they

were employed to steal the same by Henry Berry, who Conduct of bought the said stolen Goods of them: These Informa- Wlnucre* tions were sent to the Navy Board; and Mr. IV hit acre w&s Solkuor^ appointed to prosecute: But, instead of prosecuting the 1 ° ‘ real Offenders and Criminals, several of them were made Witnesses, and all the rest escaped without being brought to Tryal; and the Prosecution turned against the said Mr. fVilsharVy and several of the Officers of the aforesaid Yard, by whose Care these Thefts were discovered, as guilty of the very same Crimes which the Thieves bad confessed, and were accused of; That, by a general Information, mixed with the real Embezzlers, they were tried at the King's Bench Bar, after about Two Years Dependence; and, by a Special Jury of Hampshire Gem-tlemen, were acquitted: And the Court, blaming very much the Prosecution, ordered a Noli Prosequi to stop further Proceedings against the said Mr. Wilshaw, *and other of the Officers, who were prosecuted on Two Informations; which Noli Prosequi all the Criminals took the Advantage of, and were never afterwards prosecuted for the said Offences: That it cost the said Mr. Wilshaw 300l. for his own Part, to justify his Reputation under this Prosecution; and that his Majesty's Service was greatly endamaged by it, being in the Heat of the late War, when the whole Fleet was chiefly fitted at Portsmouth.

Mr. Richard Hale declared to the same Effect about the said Discoveries, Confessions, Prosecutions, and Acquittals; and that some of the Offenders were made Witnesses, and the rest never tried.

Mr.Whitacre being called in; Mr. Wilshaw and Mr.

Hales' Informations were read, being both present.

Mr. Whitacre answered, That he never had Orders from the Admiralty or Navy Board, to prosecute Podd and Berry; but he did acknowlcge there was such a Prosecution against Commissioner wilshaw, and other Officers; but that he acted therein by the Order of the Lords of the Admiralty, and Mr. Attorney General: That he had not been above Fourteen Days in his Employment; when these Informations came first to him; and, not being fit for the Business at that time, he was wholly under the Direction of Mr. Attorney General.

That, for his better Justification, he desired the Committee would be pleased to order the Secretary of the Ad-: miralty to lay before the Committee all the Informations;

Papers, and Minutes, of the Admiralty Board, relating to the said Prosecution; and what Directions was given therein: Which was accordingly ordered.

It appears, that the Prosecutions complained ..... by Commissioner Wilshatw, was managed and solicited by Mr. Edward Whitacre:

That, from the Papers and Minutes delivered to this Committee by Mr. Secretary Burchett, upon the Request of Uv. Whitacre, it doth not appear what Grounds Mr.

Whitacre had to prosecute the said Commissioner; or that he had any Orders, for so doing, from the Lords of the Admiralty:

That it doth not appear, that any of the real Criminals were ever tried for the Crimes they were accused of:

That it doth appear, from Mr. Whitacre9s Accounts, that the King was at about 1,000 L Charge for these Particulars, besides several Sums intermixed with other Matters, which could not be well abstracted; and that the Charge of Officers to officiate in the room of the Officers suspended upon the account of this Prosecution, amounted to 193 /.; so that the whole Charge is computed at about 1,193/. according to the Abstract following, and an Account laid before the Commissioners of the Navy, marked (D): Which is as followeth; viz.

Sic Grig;

VOL 13.

An

Conduct of Whitacre, Admiralty Solicitor.

620 ii° JuniiA. 1701.

An Account of the Charge the King was at for Officers to officiate in the room of those suspended, upcn account of a Prosecution of the King's Officers at Portsmouth; r

To John Blake, in the room of the Store-keeper - - - - -53 127

Thomas Podd, in the room of the Master Shipwright - - - - -88 44

Fra. Rout, in the room of the Boat Builder, who was a Shipwright, which is the same Allowance.

John Ansell, in the room of the Master House Carpenter - - - - 2104

Mr. Richard Marks, in the room of the Clerk of the Rope-yard - - - 49 60

Total One hundred Ninety-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence - - - £.193 11 3

Abstract of Mr. Eduard Whit acre's Account, for prosecuting of Commissioner and the Officers of his Majesty's Yard at Por, &c. £ s d

For Forty-nine Days Journies - - - - -90 8 Q

For his Expences in the said Journies - - -180150

For his Attendances upon several Occasions - - - 46 3 0

For Counsellors Fees 155 2 8

For Subsistence of Persons, under Pretence of Witnesses ----- - 203 11 8'

For Messengers and Witnesses - -- 206 7 2

JJnder the Head of Law Charges ----- ----- - 395 13 1

1,278 o 7

Deduct, for other Business intermixed with this Account, about - r - - - - 204 9 2

Remains, on account of the above-said Prosecution, as near as can be abstracted - - 1,073 11 5

The Account of the Charge the King was at for Officers to officiate in the room of those sus- pended upon Account of the said Prosecution, as appears by an Abstract delivered in to > the Committee, by Sir Richard Haddock, from the Commissioners of the Navy - -J__________

In all - £. 1,267 2 8

Besides the Damage the King's Service sustained in this Prosecution, being carried on in the Heat of the late War.

Mr. Jetcell attended; and informed the Committee, That, about llie Twelfth of January One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, Captain Smith, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Dumvich, riding off Shoreham, received Informations, That Stores were embezzled from the said Ship: That' he went ashore, to make Search after the same; and called to his Assistance the Officers of the Customs at that Port: That they found some of the said Goods upon one Chatfeild, who confessed the same: That the Master and Boatswain were accused of the Embezzlement; and were secured, by the Captain, on board the said Ship; and Notice of the whole Matter given to the Admiralty: That the Prosecution was referred to Mr. who

ordered the Custom Officers to prepare Evidence against the Assizes; which they did: But Proceedings were stopped by Mr. Whitacre; and the Master and Boatswain sent for to London; their Informations received against the Captain; he turned out; afterwards prosecuted; and they made Witnesses against him for the very same Stores which they themselves had embezzled:

That, whilst this Matter was depending, he did, with much Difficulty, and with Consent of the Admiralty, proceed to prosecute the said Officers at his own Charge; and, although some of his principal Evidence was kept from him, by an unreasonable Method, at the Procurement of Mr. Whitacre, he proceeded to Tryal; where appearing full Proof, Chatfeild, and the Master and Boatswain, confessed the Fact; but Mr. s Son, their

Counsel, pleaded the benefit of the Act of the 16* Car. Ildi, which confines the Prosecution to be within Twelve Months after the Fact committed; and that the Reason they were not prosecuted within the Time, was, through Mr. Whitacre's Delay; and that, by this Means, Chat -

feild, and the other Criminals, escaped; and the Captain, and his Witnesses, utterly ruined by the violent and tedious Prosecution.

Mr. Whitacre was called in; and Mr. Jewell's Complaint read, he being present.

Answered, That Captain Smith was indicted long before he accused the other Persons, at least Twelve Months, for embezzling the King's Stores: That he never indicted

the Master or Boatswain: That he did write a Letter to the Officers of the Customs at; and thought to

have prosecuted Chatfeild, and another; but, finding Smith was the Man chiefly concerned, and that, by prosecuting them, he should take off the Evidence against Smith, he dropped their Prosecution: That Smith had been sooner prosecuted, but that One of the principal Witnesses went out of the Way: And refers himself to several Papers and Letters delivered in to the Committee by himself and Mr. Burchett:

That it appears by the suid Papers and Letters, marked (E), and (F), That Captain Smith gave the first Information to the Officers of Shoreham of the said Embezzlement; and that Mr. Whitacre had received Advice of the said Embezzlement from the Officers of the Customs at Shoreham: And that the Master of the Dunxcich was accused, contrary to Mr. Whitas Assertion: That it doth not appear by any of the Papers delivered in by 'M.rJVhit acre,1l\wXthere was any Complaint against

Smith for Embezzlement, till about the latter end of April, or the beginning of May, One thousand Six hundred Ninety-six, when, by the aforesaid Papers, it appears, That Captain Smith complained in February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five:

That it likewise appears to the Committee, and by Mr. Whitacre's Accounts, and other Papers, That the said Prosecution was about Two Years depending.

£. s. d.

That it appears from Mr. W Accounts, That the said Prosecution cost the King, according to the following Abstract, about the Sum of -

141

8

March 7th, 1695. Charges about prose- cuting Chatfeild - - - - -J

96. Ditto ----- 1

January 96. Ditto - - - - 2 15

7

17

8

4

Total, which lie first put the King toj Charge, and then dropped the Prose- > 1301

tion.....-J__________

' 96. Charged

13 W. III. ii 6 Junii. 621

96, Charged for prosecuting Captain Smith 19 6 8

97, Ditto.....61179

Ditto.....61171

12S 1 6

Mr. Hosier, Storekeeper, Mr. Ttpett, Clerk of the Survey, of his Majesty's Yards at Deptford, declared, That, about December One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, they searched the House of John Oliver, a Smith at Dcptjord, and found in his Shop a ha" of Nails of Three Quarters and Seven Pounds Weight; which they examined, Nail by Nail, to see if the Kind's Mark was in any; and finding Eleven suspicious, they sent them to the Commissioners of the Navy, believing the King's Mark had been beat out; and desired Direction what they should do further: But offered their Opinion, That it would prove ditficult to prosecute the Man:

That afterwards, in July One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, the said Oliver was bound over to Maidstone Assizes; and they supoena'd, by Mr. //'hitacre, for Witnesses: One of Mr. It hit a Sons appeared in the Prosecution; but the Indictment being laid for One hundred Weight, and the true Weight br ing Three Quarters and Seven Pounds, and but Eleven Nails that they suspected, that they had some Words with young Mr. // hit-acre about it; upon which he cut the Indictment in Pieces, saying. It was frivolous, and would displease the Judge; but that they believe the King was put to a great deal of Charge about it, they having 3 /. 1 o s. each allowed them for their Journey, besides wlmt Mr. // hitacre accounted.

Mr. iriiita ere was called in; and referred to his Son

Charles: Who answered to the same Purpose as before; and that he stopped the Prosecution, believing it was in the Power of the Commissioners of the Navy to punish that Crime.

That it appears by Mr. I lit it acres Accounts, That he put the King to a considerable Charge about this Prosecution; but it, being intermixed with other Matters, cannot well be abstracted; only it may be noted, that he charges 17/. 8^. 8 d.for his Journey to the said Assizes, besides Law Charges, &c.:

That it appears by an Abstract delivered in to this Committee, from the Commissioners of the Navy, marked (G), That Mr. U'/iit acre hath received of the Kind's Money, on account of Law Charges, since his being in that Employment, the Sum of 23,345/. 6s. id.: And that it likewise appears, by an Abstract of his Account laid before the Committee, and not yet passed the Navy Office, That Mr. H'hilacrccharges the King with the further Sum of about 2,199/. 3 7 </.; the Whole

amounting to about -5,544/- 9 s. $d.

(E) Copy of a Letter from the Surveyors of the new Ships bu i Id ing at Shore ham, dated 8th February, 1693.

CAP T AIN Smith, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Dumcich, on Uedncsday last sent to us, and acquainted

us, That some of the Ship's Stores were embezzled, belonging to the Boatswain: We accordingly went on board, and causing all the Boatswain's Stores to be brought up upon Deck; endeavoured to take a strict Survey; but the Weather, proving turbulent, and so rainy, hindered

us from taking a full Survey; we intended to do it the next Day, hut were then obliged to go to a Justice ot Peace: U pou Discovery we heard, that some Cordage was found by a Farmer of Hone near in a

Barn; w hose Affidavit Captain Smith has taken before the Justice, as near as possible,...the Nature and Quantity of the said Cordage; which, we hear, some of the Custom-house Officers has taken into Custody, and are in Search for more, and the Persons concerned in the Fact: The Wind coming up fair Yesterday, we would not proceed upon a Survey again, butgot her to Sea; though we did observe, upon Survey, most of the Hawsers, and the Stream Cable, the Fag-end cut; and, measuring Two Hawsers, found them short of their proper Lengths at least Twenty Fathoms.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Ambrose JVade, of the same Date.

I being Collector of the Customs here, and having received an Information touching an Embezzlement of the Stores on hoard his Majesty's Ship the Dumcich, Captain Smith Commander, Yesterday took with rue Mr. Long, our Comptroller here, and one of the Boat's Men, and made a diligent Search for the same: Whereupon I found F'ive Pieces of new Hawser, and three small Coils of new Inch-and-half Hope, with the King's Mark, containing Four hundred Weight, which I have secured: It was lodged in a Barn, in the Possession of one Thomas Holland: Who says, He knows not how it was brought there; but that he, coming one Morning to the said Barn, in an Outhouse belonging thereto, saw this Cordage, with some other, lodged there: And, some short time after, one Thomas Chatjiild, of Beame to the said Holland's, and asked him, What was become of the Ropes which were in the said Barn, for they were his:

I have had them both before a Justice of the Peace, where they have entered into Recognizance to appear at the next Assizes, and answer to all such Matters as shall he objected against them on the King's behalf. I am still in Pursuit of the remaining Part of the said Goods; and am in hopes to find some more out: As soon as I do, shall give you an Account thereof. I desire you would lie pleased to let me know what Method you will have taken in the Prosecution hereof, and how the Charges shall be reimbursed.

(F) Sir.

BY Information from Ambrose JValler, the Collector of the Custom House at ShorehaI am informed, there is seised, in a Barn near that Place, a great deal of Cordage and Rope belonging to the King, that was landed there by the Boat belonging to the Ship Dumcich: And he sends me Word, Tw o of the Persons that came to look after the Goods, in order to fetch them away, arc hound over to the Assizes; but who those Seamen were, that brought the Goods ashore, is not know n; but the Master of the Ship is accused to have sent it ashore.

I would therefore pray, if their Honours think fit, that the Master of the Ship may either be examined about it, or that he may be sent for: The Goods were landed about Three Weeks since.

Your most humble Servant,

Febr. 18th, 1695. Edzv. Whitaker.

He is called Ambrose JVade in the former Letter.

Vol. 13.

7 T

(G) Abstract

Conduct of tVhitacre, Admiralty Solicitor,.

(G) ABSTRACT of Mr. William IVhi taken a Disbursements for Law Charges.

ON

lr*

22 February 01-2 4 December 94, 4 November 95, 4 November 96, l October 97, 1 October 98,

Nature of the Services. to to to to to to TOTALS.

25 December 94. 6 November 95. 5 November 96. 1 October 97. 30 September 98. 31 December 99.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ s. (I £ s. d. £ d. £ s. d.

Fees to Counsellors, and Doctors of the Civil Law - 829 4 8 661 14 1 954 14 2 797 8 4 1,095 8 2 537 11 3 4,876 0 4

Charges at Law Offices 286 12 8 527 2 3 490 4 10 448 6 3 1,061 1 4 931 18 6 3.745 5 10

Expences in summoning and entertaining Witnesses, serving them with Sub-~| poena's, and finding Offenders - - - - J L244 11 7 495 4 4 542 18 5 165 4 3 3G4 19 3 1S2 17 1 2,995 14 U

Rewards to Counsellors, Clerks, Door-keepers, &c. - 27 7 7 10 10 8 19 6 6 14 12 10 19 9 6 11 20 102 9 1

Other Expences, the Particulars whereof are not named - 548 2 4 54 0 8 291 12 3 293 4 10 211 12 2 115 111 1,513 »4 2

His own Fees for Attendance, &c. ----- -- 252 t(j 10 249 12 4 308 0 6 355 2 6 457 9 9 366 1 0 1,989 2 n

Drawing and Copying Indictments, Articles, Instructions, Depositions, In-] formations, Breviates, Cases, &c. - - . - - - - -J 405 9 8 433 15 3 682 15 10 6.9 5 n 917 14 5 681 6 8 3,740 7 3

Horse-hire, Coach-hire, and other Expences on travelling - 241 13 6 68 16 8 13 4 4 155 0 6 41 17 6 45 11 3 566 3 9

Reward for travelling; his own, at 20$, per Diem - - -: his Man's, at 10$. per Diem - - - -J 225 8 0 34 0 0 37 5 0 76 16 0 O OO Tf 0 70 19 6 528 8 6

Marshal and Prison Charges - 554 16 10 396 3 8 342 10 8 60 12 0 254 4 0 1,611 7 2

Discount of Exchequer Bills and Tallies 329 10 0 126 3 6 - 455 ?3 6

Bank Ditto, Four hundred, at 17 f/. per Cent ----- 30 0 0 - - - 30 0 0

Charges of the Admiralty Sessions, &e. ----- -- 32 2 0 - - - - 10 0 0 - 42 2 0

Paid to John King, for his Share of the Money rocovered from Lovelace - - - 49 15 0 - - - 49 15 0

Reward paid one Jenkins, an Evidence, said to be by Order of the Admiralty - - - - 34 9 6 - 34 9 6

Paid for Interest of 220 /. borrowed to carry on the Service - 18 5 0 - - 18 5 0

Ditto, 1,800l. respited to he paid in Course from 5th November 96, to 5th*\ August 97, at 6/. per Cent. - -J 81 A A O O 00

U u

Paid for Loss by 120 Malt Tickets, received by him on Payment of Arrears! for 1,829/. 14s. - - -j - - - - . - 576 0 G - - Ox V| ON O O

Paid to Captain Tho. U?ryf by Order, for his Charges, being wounded and] 91 A 91 6 0

prosecuted for pressing Men ----- - - *J u u

For passing the Admiralty's Commission and Privy Seal for admitting Colonel Wharton - -J Paid to the Treasurer of the Navy, by Order, for Redemption of the Kings\ Jisher Ketch -- ----- -- - -J 89 17 10 - - 89 17 10

- - - - - O O O *0 Ox O O O

For Judges and Juries Dinners at the Admiralty Sessions, &c. - - - 90 3 4 90 3 4

To Money recovered of Goxven, and others, Admiralty Officers, as Costs and' 68 0 0

Damages in a Suit brought by Haney, and others, in Suffolk - - N u 0 u

C 4,o6i 6 6 3,121 15 1 3,889 10 0 4,453 10 5 4,414 7 7 3,404 16 6 23,345 6 0

Ilf WI?

110 Junii. 1701.

13 W. III. ii° Juniu 623

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Fdrcard IVkilaker has been guilty of divers ill Practices, Corruptions, and Breaches of Trust, in Execution of his Employment as Solicitor of the Admiralty.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prosecute the said Mr. Whitacre for his said Offences.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do take care, That Mr. Whitacre do give sufficient Security to answer the Prosecution against him.

Resolved, That the Office of Solicitor to the Admiralty is a new and unnecessary Office, and ought to be suppressed.

ter- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

rough Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the tc ion. Borough of Peterborough, be made upon Monday Morn-

ing next.

minis- The House resumed the further Consideration of the jners of Qualification of the Commissioners of Accounts.

' 0 And a Motion was made, and the Question being

put, That the said Commissioners have Salaries;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be Members of this House.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names to be Commissioners in the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

jssage Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That,

in the when his Majesty was pleased to communicate to this jeting* House the Letter of the States General, the extraordi-lding nary Occasion they had for immediate Succours so fully oops to appeared, that the House thought fit to order, That Ten

illaud. thousand Men should be forthwith sent to their Assist-

ance: That the Methods agreed upon, and resolved, by this House, for doing the same, were, by taking Twelve Battalions from Ireland, and, by Recruits here, to make them up Ten thousand Men: That his Majesty has thought it more proper, and fit for his Service, to take a Battalion of his Guards, consisting of Eight hundred and Thirty-three Men, which are to be supplied by the like Number out of those Troops that came from Ireland: That, although there may be no great Reason, considering the true Intention of the Act of Parliament for disbanding the Army, to trouble the House in this Particular; yet, since it hath been freely talked abroad, as if something were intended that w as derogatory to that Act, and the Resolutions of this House, his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to command him to lay this Matter before them, to the end that, if there be any Scruple or Doubt relating thereto, such other Measures may be taken, as shall be thought meet.

In which this House acquiesced; and expressed their Satisfaction in his Majesty's Tenderness, not to violate the Act of Parliament, by keeping up more Forces than Seven thousand Men, which the Law allow's.

pply Bill i Ordered) That Leave be given, upon the Report of the proprU Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred ngExcise, pounds a Weeks out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty s Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; to offer a Clause to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to make Dividends of the Monies they shall receive upon ingrafted Tallies, as they shall think fit, from time to time, until the Monies they shall lend upon the said Act be repaid them.

The House, according to Order, took into Consider-Vo u 13.

ation the Report of the Conference with the Lords Conference Yesterday. with Lords.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Mr. Harcourt reported, from the Committee appointed Lord Somer*' to draw up Articles of Impeachment, That they had, lmP^ch-according to Order, drawrn up an Answer to the Message ment' from the Lords, on Monday last, for appointing the Tryal of the Lords Somers upon. Friday next; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons, on Monday last, received a Message from your Lordships, That your Lordships had appointed the Tryal of John Lord Somers upon Friday next, on their Impeachment against him; in which they observe, your Lordships have not nominated any Place for the Tryal, though your Lordships thought fit to make that Matter, on the last Impeachments for Misdemeanors, the Subject of a long Debate.

And they cannot but take Notice, That your Lordships haye taken as long a Time to give your Answer to the Commons Desire of a Committee of both Houses, delivered at the Conference on Friday last, as you are pleased to allow the Commons to have of the Day appointed by your Lordships for the said Tryal.

Your Lordships appointed so short a Day, especially whilst the Proposition made to your Lordships, for a Committee of both Houses, was undetermined, the Commons take to be such a Hardship to them, and such an Indulgence to the Person accused, as is not to be parallelled in any Parliamentary Proceeding.

The Commons must likewise acquaint your Lordships,

That their Experience of the Interruption of a former Tryal, on an Impeachment for Misdemeanors, for want of settling the Preliminaries between the Tw o Houses, obliges them to insist on a Committee of both Houses, for preventing the like Interruption.

And they conceive it would be very preposterous for them to enter upon the Tryal of any of those Lords, till your Lordships discover some Inclination to make the Proceeding thereupon practicable: And therefore they think they have Reason to insist upon another Day to be appointed for the Tryal of the Lord Somers: And the Commons doubt not but to satisfy your Lordships, at a free Conference, of the Necessity of having a Committee of both Houses, before they can proceed upon the said Tryal.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the said Answer to the Lords.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do go to the Lords, and desire the free Concurrence.

Mr. ConyerS) according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appropi i-appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds a *l*nS Excls#» Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: And also

reported. That, as to the Petition of Sir John Wolstenholm, and others, the Consideration whereof w as referred to the Committee, upon reading the said Petition, the Committee were of Opinion, the Case of the Petitioners is proper to be considered by the House, the Committee conceiving the y had no Power to relieve them.

Which Report being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, the same was there read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And,

Answer to Lords Message delivered.

Irish Forfeitures.

Duties on Salt.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Dnchy of Cornwall Leases.

11

12° Ju

And, as to the Report upon the said Petition, a Clause being offered to the House, relating thereto;

Ordered, That the Clause be brought up.

The Clause was brought up accordingly; and twice read, with Blanks therein.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Harcourt reported, That he had, according to Order, delivered the Answer to the Lords Message.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to separate the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved That this House will, Tomorrow Morn tog, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Junii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

A PETITION of George Moore and Thomas Seviar was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Lenthall Esquire, now, is indebted to the Petitioners, by Judgments, Bond, and other Securities, in the Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds; and, having no Estate left to satisfy the same, but the Equity of Redemption of the Manors of Ha sell/ and Latchford\ and of the Office of Marshal of the.Kings Bench, which were mortgaged to Sir John Culler, and are now vested in the Earl of Radnor, or some in Trust for him, That he the said Lenthall hath granted to the Petitioners, or their Use, the said Equity of Redemption, for Satisfaction of their said Debts; reserving the Overplus thereof for his own Maintenance: That there is a Bill before the House, for regulating the Prisons of the Fleet and King's Bench; in which there is a Proviso, or Saving, of the said Earl of Radnor's Debt due on the said Mortgage, and all Securities given of the said Office of Marshal relating to the same: And praying, That in respect there is, in the said Bill, a Saving of the said Earl of Radnor's Debt, that they may have the like Saving of their said Debts, and all Securities they have for the same, inserted in the Bill, if it should pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be taken into Consideration.

.1701.

Parchment Deed, dated the Twenty-fourth of March One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, purporting a Conveyance from the Trustees appointed by the Acts of Parliament of the 22d and 23d Car. 2di, for Sale of Fee-farm Rents; wherein divers annual and Fee-farm Rents are mentioned to be granted to the Earl of Dorsett; but, in Truth, those Rents do arise from the Collections of the respective Graves and Tackmen of the several Townships within the Manor of Kirton, in the County of Lincoln^ Part of the Duchy of Cornwallamounting to One hundred Eighty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight-pence Three Farthings per Annum Rent, or thereabouts:

That th^said Rents appearing to Mr. Taylor to stand in Charge, before the Auditor of the said Duchy, as Parcel of a Manor; and the Totals, inserted in the said Conveyance, being made up of ninny Quit-rents and Copy-hold Rents issuing and payable out of Lands; the Tenants whereof, as well Free as Copyhold, being bound, by Custom, to perform Suit of Court; to pay Fines on Alienations; to record the Conveyances of their Freehold Estates in the Court of the said Manor, which is of ancient Demesne; and the Copyhold Tenants to pay Fines on Deaths or Surrenders; the said Mr. Taylor did refuse to ini of the said Deed, or to put the said Sums of Money out of Charge of the Receiver of the Premises; presuming, that Rents of that Kind were expressly excepted by the said Acts of the 22d and 23d of King Chat les the Second: And that Mr. Hornby has, by virtue of the said Deed, and an Authority from the said Earl, produced to the Committee, received the greatest Part of the said Rents of the Tenants to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred, for the Use of the Earl of Dorsett:

That it appeared, by several Copies of Court Roll, and ancient Records, produced by Mr. Taylor, that the said Rents, so conveyed as aforesaid, are Freehold and Copy-hold Rents, Parcel of the said Manor of Kirton, and were always put in Charge as such:

That, at the Request of the Agents of the Earl of Da/'-sect, he was heard by Counsel at the said Committee; who insisted, That Part of the said Rents were vendible by the said Trustees; and that their said Conveyance was legal for all the Rents, except the Copyhold Rents, of the said Manor.

Afterwards the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to take care, that no Grant p'ass contrary to the Act of the Twenty-second and Tw enty-third Years of King Charles the Second for Sale of Fee-farm Rents: And also, that the Kings Tenants of Kirton in Limey, in the County of Lincoln, be protected against any illegal Disturbance, by colour of any pretended Grant.

ft

&1

ft

Mr. Hoblyji reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was committed; and who were to examine what Grants had been made contrary to the last Act; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: And also, That the Committee had examined what Grants had been made; and had directed him to make a special Report thereof to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee have examined several Persons; and particularly Mr. Taylor, Deputy Auditor of the said Duchy; who informed the Committee,

That, in or about August One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, Mr. Joseph Hornby produced to him a 1

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a supply Bill; Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for granting Duties on several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Lo*Wi#s Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon &c* Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; but were informed, That there was a Messenger at the Door from the Lords; and that his Majesty was expected at the House of Lords; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved,

Goosl

.rjW.HL 12° Junii. 625

Resohed, That this House will, immediately after they have attended upon his Majesty, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

erence Colonel Granville reported, That he having, according edwith to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference * with their Lordships, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords answered, That they will send an Answer by Messengers of their own,

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Newton and Mr. Gay:

Mr. Speaker,

; Kirby The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Estat*. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennett, late of Newton cum Larton, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Barnett: And also,

-isa's To the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging a Mort-tt. gage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa Esquire, deceased; and providing a Maintenance for his Widow and Children; without any Amendments: And also,

rWay to To the Bill, intituled, An Act for making good the oln's- Deficiency of the Charges of making a Way out of

fields. Chancery Lane into Lincoln s-inn fields, without any

Amendments: And also, tie's Will. To the Bill, intituled, An Act for declaring the Will

of Sir Joseph Herne Knight, dated the Five-and-twentieth Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Herne, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1 Halli- The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against Charles »Im- Lord HaUifax were read.

hment. Ordered, That the Articles be carried to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Bruges do carry the said Articles to the Lords.

Ordered, That he do also pray and demand, That Charles Lord Halli fax do give sufficient Security to abide the Judgment of the House of Lords.

ai Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Astony Deputy Jills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject:

An Act for the preventing the Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege of Parliament:

An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation, and the Trade, of this Kingdom:

An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England:

An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters for assaying wrought Plate in the Cities of Exeter, York, Bristol % Chester, and Norwich:

An Act for continuing a former Act to prevent false and double Return of Members to serve in Parliament:

An Act for raising the Militia for One Year, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid:

An Act for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-house, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick:

Vol. 13.

An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Creditors of James late Duke of Ormond, and of the present Duke of Ormond:

An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire; and to settle other Lands of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled: "

An Act to enable Stephen Jermyn to make Provision for his younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son:

An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killiow Esquire; and for raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in pursuance of his Father's Will:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Davison Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and raising his Children's Portions charged thereupon:

An Act for separating James Earl of Anglesey from Catharine Countess of Anglesey his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl:

An Act for the vesting and settling several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to John Fawconer Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts:

An Act to enable William Vaughan Esquire, and Frances Vaughan his intended Wife, being both under the Age of One-and-Twenty Years, to perform Articles made for their Marriage:

An Act for naturalizing Adrian Loftland, and others: An Act for transferring a Trust in Lands belonging to the City of London unto new Trustees:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre; and to enable him to marry again:

An Act for erecting a Court of Requests, or Conscience, in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings:

An Act to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth Viscountess Bulkely, of Lassels in the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of Debts:

An Act for the vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in South Pickenham, and other Places, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies, arising by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such and the same Uses, as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled:

An Act for removing the County Gaol of Hertford: An Act to enable Roba't Lord Viscount Kilmorey, of the Kingdom of Ireland, being an Infant, to settle divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, upon a Treaty of Marriage:

An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet to settle a Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children:

An Act for furnishing the Town of New Deale with freshWater:

An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold, for making a Provision for his Wife and Children equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate:

An Act for the better Performance of the last Will of Henry Apsley Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Jane Barkstead Widow; and vesting several Mortgages and Securities in her, to enable her to convey or assign the same:

An Act for vesting the Estate of Humphry Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children:

An Act to change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to the Surname of Saint John:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Auguste Pynyot, and others:

7U An

626

12° Junii.

A. 1701.

Royal Assent An Act for naturalizing Archibald Arthur; and en-to Bills. abling him to settle and dispose of his Estate:

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Borough of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there:

An Act for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa Esquire, deceased; and providing a Maintenance for his Widow and Children:

An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennett, late of Newton cum Larton, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of frest Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Bennett:

An Act for making good the Deficiency of the Charges of making a Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincolns-inn-fields:

An Act for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne Knight, deceased, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the last Will of the said Sir Joseph Heme.

The Kings Mr. Speaker also reported, That, afterwards, his Ma-Speech. jesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses: And, to prevent any Mistakes therein, he had desired, and obtained a Copy thereof; which he read; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I It ET U RN you my hearty Thanks for the Care you have taken to establish the Succession to the Crown in the Protestant Line: And I must not lose this Occasion of acquainting you, That I am likewise extremely sensible of your repeated Assurances of supporting Me in such Alliances, as shall be most proper for the Preservation of the Liberty of Europe, and for the Security of England and Holland. Your ready Compliance with My Desires, as to the Succours for the States General, is also a great Satisfaction to Me, as well as a great Advantage to the common Cause: And as I have nothing so much at Heart, as the Preservation of the Liberty of Europe, and the Honour and Interest of England; so I make no Doubt of attaining those great Ends, by the Blessing of God, and the Continuance of your chearful Concurrence.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Season of the Year makes it necessary to have a speedy Recess; and the Posture of Affairs abroad does absolutely require My Presence, for the Encouragement of Our Allies, and for the Perfecting of such Alliances as may be most effectual for the common Interest: And therefore, I must recommend a Dispatch of the publick Business; especially of those Matters which are of the greatest Importance.

Address on Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

I eech^5 dress be presented to his Majesty; giving his Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne, and the Satisfaction he hath been pleased to express of the Proceedings of this House; and to assure him, That, upon all Occasions, the House will be ready to assist his Majesty in supporting of those Alliances his Majesty shall think fit to make, in Conjunction with the Emperor, and the States General, for the Preservation of the Liberties of Europe, the Prosperity and Peace of England, and for reducing the exorbitant Power of France.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an humble Address, upon the said Resolution, to be presented to his Majesty:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Sir Joseph Jehjll, Sir Christop. Musgrave, Mr. St. John, Sir Robert D avers, Mr. Bromley, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Bart ho. Shower, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Freeman, Lord Mordant, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Harley, Sir IVm. Ellis, Sir Hum. Briggs, Mr. Eyres, Lord Co?imgsby, Sir Hum. Mack-worth, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Byerley, Sir Ja. How, Mr. liar court, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Powys,

Sir John Lcoeson Gower, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Bolls,

Sir Geo. .Hungerford: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up the said Address; and report the same to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself again Soppl/SI; into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further DutleS02 of the Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, Low^4 or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee. fa

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause of Appropriation upon the said Report.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee appointed Address on to withdraw, and draw up an Address, That they had the drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had di- sPeech-rected him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: v Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do, with all imaginable Chearfulness, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; in which you are pleased to express your Royal Approbation of the Proceedings of your Commons: And we do further unanimously assure your Majesty, That we will be ready, on all Occasions, to assist your Majesty in supporting such Alliances as your Majesty shall think fit to make, in Conjunction with the Emperor, and States General, for the Preservation of the Liberties of Europe, the Prosperity and Peace of England, and for reducing the exorbitant Pow er of France.

And w'e likewise crave Leave, upon this Occasion, most humbly to thank your Majesty for your Majesty's great Care and Tenderness, lately signified to us, in keepingup such Forces only, within this Kingdom, as are allowed by Law'.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out, " you are," and inserting u your Majesty " is," instead thereof:

And the same w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment w as proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " And we likewise crave Leave, upon " this Occasion, most humbly to thank your Majesty for " your Majesty's great Care and Tenderness, lately signified to us, in keeping up such Forces only, within this " Kingdom, as are allowed by Law."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do, with all imaginable Chearfulness, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; in which your Majesty is pleased to express your

Royal

13 W.III. 12 — 13* 627

Royal Approbation of the Proceedings of your Commons: And we do further unanimously assure your Majesty, That we will be ready, on all Occasions, to assist your Majesty in supporting such Alliances, as your Majesty shall think fit to make, in Conjunction with the Emperor, and States General, for the Preservation of the Liberties of Europe, the Prosperity and Peace of England, and for reducing the exorbitant Power of France.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

see how desirous their Lordships are to comply with them in anything which may be consistent with Justice, have appointed the Tryal of Impeachment against John Lord Sommers on Tuesday the Seventeenth of this Instant June, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the House of Lords, which will be then sitting in Westminster-hall. Also, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords do agree to a free Conference with the Commons, as desired; and do appoint Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Paintccl Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Two First Messages be referred to the Committee, who were appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Nezoton and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That, in Answer to the Message from the House of Commons, of the Tenth Instant, the Lords say; That although they take it to be unparliamentary in many Particulars, yet, to shew their real Desire of avoiding Disputes, and removing all Pretence of delaying the Tryals of the impeached Lords, they will only take Notice of that Part of their Message, wherein the Commons propose some things as Difficulties, in respect of the Tryals; which Matters relating wholly to their Judicature, and to their Rights and Privileges as Peers, they think fit to acquaint the Commons with the following Resolutions of the House of Lords:

1st, That no Lord of Parliament, impeached of high Crimes and Misdemeanors, and coming to his Tryal, shall, upon his Tryal, be without the Bar.

2dly, That no Lord of Parliament, impeached of high Crimes and Misdemeanors, can be precluded from voting on any Occasion, except in his own Tryal.

Their Lordships further take notice of a Mistake, in point of Fact, alleged in the Message of the Commons; it no w ay appearing, upon their Journals, that the Lords impeached have voted in their own Case.

The Lords, being well assured, that all the Steps that have been taken by them, in relation to their Impeachments, are warranted by the Practice of their Ancestors, and the Usage of Parliament, have Reason to expect the Tryals should proceed without Delay. Also,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That,

In Answ er to the Message of the House of Commons Yesterday, the Lords say; That they cannot give a greater Evidence of their sincere and hearty Desires of avoiding all Differences with the House of Commons, and of proceeding on the Tryals of the Impeachments, than by not taking notice of the several just Exceptions to which that Message is liable, both as to the Matter and Expressions.

The Lords having nothing further from their Thoughts, than the going about to do any thing which might have the least Appearance of Hardship, with relation to the Commons:

But the Answ er of the Lord Sommers to the Articles exhibited against him, having been sent down by the Commons on the Four-and-twentieth of May last; and they having, by their Message of the One-and-Thirtieth of May, signified to their Lordships their Intention of beginning with the Tryal of his Impeachment, in the First Place;

The Lords, considering how far the Session is advanced, thought it reasonable to appoint the Thirteenth Instant for the said Tryal; their Lordships finding several Precedents of appointing Tryals in Impeachments within a shorter time.

The Lords also think it incumbent upon them to endeavour to dispatch the Tryals of all the impeached Lords before the Rising of the Parliament: This is what Justice requires, and cannot be looked upon as a Matter of Indulgence: Nevertheless, that the Commons may Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same to Greenwich Hospital; be read the Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, King's Bench to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons of and Fleet the King's Bench and Fleet, be taken into Consideration Prisons* upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Members do, by Twelve a Clock Commis-To-morrow Morning, prepare their List of the Names sioners of of Seven Persons to be Commissioners, to be inserted Accounts, into the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Irish For-whom it was referred to separate the Petitions relating to feitures. the Insh Forfeitures, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Salt. House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, tq whom the fnPP£xcige Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred xcl8e' Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Uses; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Junii;

130 Gulielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for qualifying Justices of Peace Justices of was read the Third time. Peace Quali-

And several Amendments being severally proposed to "cation-be made to the Bill, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow'; viz.

Pr. x. L. # to insert "or for Years determiuable upon " Life, or Lives;" and afterwards to add " or Copyhold " of Inheritance."

Pr. L. after " Wales," to insert " or in the County " of Monmouth."

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for qualifying Justices of Peace.

Ordered,

King appoints to attended.

Answer to Address.

Irish Forfeitures.

628 130 Junii.

A. 1701.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House this Afternoon at Five a Clock, at Ken-

sington.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to bestow some Preferment in the Church upon Mr. John Heron, Chaplain to this House, his Majesty was pleased to say; That he would take care, that some Preferment should be bestowed upon him accordingly.

Sir Humphry Mackworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to separate the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures, That they had separated the same accordingly; viz. What were within the Report from all the Trustees; what, they conceive, were fit to be excepted from being transmitted to Ireland; the Matter of Fact whereof was certified, by the Trustees here, to be true; and what were to be referred to the Trustees in Ireland; and the Case of Philip Savage Esquire, upon his Petition specially, as the Committee had directed; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

Petitions within the Trustees:

Of the Lady Upper Ossory, of the Lord Lymerick, of Captain James Roch, of Mr. De la Rue, of John Bourk, commonly called Lord Bophin, of Michael Bourk, 8$ al.

Petitions excepted from being transmitted to Ireland:

Of Edxv. Singleton, of Mr. Arthur, of Mr. Wm. Fowncs, of Peter Fagan, of Arthur French, of Mr. Molony, of Captain Tho. Bellew, of the Lady Falkland, of Mr. Height ley, of Walter Delamer, of the Lady Tyrconnell, of Mr. Edw. Nugent, of the Lady Limerick, of Sir Robert King and Wm. Caulfeild Esquire, of Hannah Mac Donnell\ of Mr. Arthur and John St. Le~ ger, of Maurice Annesley, of Caesar Bradshaw, of the Lord Mount joy, of Nic. Darby, of # Fitz-Patrick, of Ridgly Nugent, of the Lady Abercorne, of Mr. Edm. Keating, of Mrs. Wandesfoi'd, of Mr. Ellis, of Colonel Hen. Luttrell, of Sir Rob. Bedingfeld, of Mrs. Luttrell, of Sir John Tyrant, of Mrs. Jane Lavallin, of Sir Stephen Fox, of Mary Vernon, of Captain Woosly, al. Lessees

of the private Estate----- of Mrs. Charlotte Talbott, of

Mr. But tier, of Mr. Edgworth, of Mr. Spring, of Nicolas Bagnall, of Mrs. Harris, of the Earl of Carlingford, of Sir Will. Courtney, of the Lord Kingston, of Captain Stewart, of John Coleman, of Mrs. Hardpany, of the Lady Stapleton, of Sir John Dillon, of Sir Richard Rooth, of Mr. Nottingham, of Mr. Hussey, of Laurence Nichell, of the Lord Cahir, of Mr. Ellary, of Daniel Arthur, of the Bishop of Killaloe, of Sir Wm. Ashurst, of the Bishop of Kildare, of the Daughters and younger Sons of Dudly Bagnall, of Doctor Finglas, of the Lord Purbeck, of John Leigh, of Robert Leigh, of Mr. Trench, of Thomas Conner, of Susanna Smith, of Mr. Chamberlaine, of Mrs. Skelton, of Mr. Carill, of Valentine Brown, $ al. all Minors, Sons and Daughters of the Lord Kenmarc.

Petitions transmitted for Ireland:

That Mr. Swage, being Clerk of the Crown, was commanded to prosecute, by Indictment and Outlawry, all such as were in Rebellion; and that he prosecuted about Four thousand Persons to Outlawry accordingly, which took up considerable Time; by virtue whereof their Estates were seized into his Majesty's Hands: And that, for his Charges, and his and his Servants Pains, her late Majesty, upon his Petition concerning the same, was pleased to refer the Matter to the Commissioners of the Treasury here in England, to certify what had been allowed in the like Cases; and what extraordinary Charges Mr. Savage had been at in that Service: Who certified, That they found, upon the Rebellion in 1641, the then Clerk of the Crown was, by Order of the Government, allowed, by Money and Grants of the forfeited Estates, 40 s. for each Person indicted, outlawed and convicted, for Treason: And that Mr. Savage had indicted and convicted so many Persons; and that he and his Clerk were at considerable Charge and Expence, and were wholly employed therein a Year and more; and that his Salary was but 71. io$. per Annum, and his Office no Profit to him during that time: And that thereupon his Majesty was pleased, the 26th of July 1692, to direct, That he should have the like Allowance of 40 s. for every Person prosecuted and attainted, as was formerly allowed to others; and to direct, That, out of the Rents and Arrears of the forfeited Estates, by reason of those Attainders, Mr. Savage should be paid 40$. for every Person he had prosecuted and convicted, or attainted; and that the Governor of Ireland should issue his Warrants or Orders accordingly, as by a Copy of his Majesty's Warrant to the Lord Sidney, and others the Lords Justices, appears: That, thereupon, the Lords Justices granted a Custo* diam of some Lands to one Mr. Tisdale, in Trust for Mr. Savage, for Three Years, in Consideration of his extraordinary Charge and Labour; which deserved a Recompence above the ordinary Advantage of his Office:

That Mr. Savage could not get Possession of these Lands till the First Year was expired; so that he enjoyed them but Two Years: And that he received but 630/. thereout, including Quit Rents:

That he laid before the last Commissioners of Forfeitures, and the present Trustees, an Account of all attainted Persons; and his Servant gave due Attendance with the Records, pursuant to their Order:

That he has had no other Satisfaction for the said 40s. a Man, or his said Extraordinary Charge or Labour, or for the said. Accounts delivered to, or Attendance upon, the said late Commissioners, or present Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; to offer a Clause for preventing the Sale of any of the Estates by the Irish Trustees, to which any of the Petitions presented to this House do relate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned.

Of Edmund Stafford, and Samuel Dopping, of Eustace and Roth, of Mullady, of Christopher O Bryan Clerk, of Colonel Rob. WooUesley, of Tho. Leigh, 8f al. Executors of the Lord Chief Justice Heley, of Wm. Spencer, of Sir Wm. Russell, of Joseph Mitchell, of Mr. Carcassonet, of Tho. Plunkett, of Lord Bishop of Dublin, of Mr. Edw. Corker, of John Knapp, of Sir Tho. Dovrvil/e, of Mr. Brough, of Ignatius Gold, of Dame Eleanor Wandesford, of Mr. Dopping, of Mr. Westenra.

5

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom Conference it was referred to draw up the Articles of Impeachment; with Lord*, and to whom the Messages from the Lords Yesterday were referred; That they had drawn up an Answer to the said Messages; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

13 W. III. 13° Junii. 629

The House of Commons find greater Reason to insist upon their Proposal of a Committee of both Houses, from the Two Messages received Yesterday from your Lordships; for their Ambiguity and Uncertainty do shew the Method of former Parliaments to be the most proper Way for Dispatch of Business.

The Commons have been obliged to employ that Time in considering and answering your Lordships Messages, which otherwise would have been spent in preparing for the Lord Sommers's Tryal: so that the Delay must be charged where the Occasion ariseth: And the Commons, haying desired a Committee of both Houses to adjust the Preliminaries of the Tryals, cannot but think it strange your Lordships should come to Resolutions upon Two of those Points, while the Proposal of the House of Commons is under Debate at Conferences between the Two Houses; the Commons having other Difficulties to propose, which concern them as Prosecutors, and ail future Impeachments.

And though the Commons leave the Subject of your Lordships Resolutions, with other things, to be debated ? at a Committee of both Houses; yet they cannot but observe, That your Lordships Second Resolution is no direct Answer to the Commons Proposal; which was, Whether Peers, impeached of the same Crimes shall vote for each other upon their Tryal for the same Crimes? And the Commons cannot believe, that any such Rule can be laid down, in plain Words, where there is a due Regard to Justice.

And as to what your Lordships observe, That there is a Mistake in point of Fact, alleged by the Commons; this House may take off the Caution used by your Lordships in wording that Part of your Message; for, they know', your Lordships are too well acquainted with the Truth of the Fact, to affirm, That the impeached Lords did not vote in their own Cases: And though the Appearing or Not Appearing upon your Lordships Journal, does not make it more or less agreeable to the Rules of Justice; yet the Commons cannot but add this further Observation, from your Lordships Journal, That the impeached Lords Presence is not only recorded, when those Votes passed, but they also find some of them appointed of Committees for preparing and drawing up the Messages and Answers to the House of Commons; which they do not think has been the best Expedient for preserving a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, or adjusting what w ill be necessary upon these Tryals: And therefore the Commons cannot think it agreeable to the Rules of Parliament, for them to appear at a Tryal, till all necessary Preliminaries are first settled with your Lordships.

Ordered, That the said Answer be sent to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Joh?i do carry the said Answer to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference, do manage the free Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

>jection- Mr. Harcourt reported what had happened at the ic Words Conference, in a Speech of the Lord Haversham; upon ;d ty Lord which the Managers thought fit to withdraw from the iver&ham. Conferencej to the end they might acquaint the House therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers do withdraw into the Speakers Chamber, and collect the Matter of the Conference; and what was said by the Lord Haversham; and report the same to the House.

And the Managers withdrew.

And the House adjourned till the Return of the Managers.

The Managers being returned;

Mr. Harcourt reported the Matter of the free Conference; and the Words which the Lord Haversham had spoke thereat; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 13.

That the Managers,' appointed by this House, met the Lords at a free Conference; the Subject-matter whereof was opened by Mr. Harcourty and, immediately afterwards, further argued by Sir Bartholomew Showe?\

It was insisted on by each of them, That the Reasons, offered by their Lordships at the last Conference, were not sufficient for their Lordships disagreeing to a Committee of both Houses, desired by the Commons at the First Conference:

That, notwithstanding those Reasons, the Commons still thought a Committee of both Houses absolutely necessary for adjusting and preventing such Differences as had happened, or might arise, previous to, or upon, the Tryals: And therefore insisted, That such a, Committee should be appointed, before the Commons could proceed on any Tryal.

It was urged, as One Reason for such a Committee,

That many Difficulties might happen whereby the Tryals

might be obstructed, if the Preliminaries should not be

first adjusted: As One Instance, that Point, of several

Lords, being under Impeachments of the same Crimes;

voting on each others Tryals, was mentioned.

The Lord Steward first replied; and nothing was offered by his Grace, but what was material and pertinent to the Matter in Question, and agreeable to the Method of Parliament in free Conferences:

That John Lord Haversham spoke immediately after; and in his Lordship's Discourse, used these, or the like Expressions:

" One Thing the re is, though I cannot speak to it because I am bound up by the Orders of the House;

" yet it must have some Answer; that is, As to the " Lords voting in their own Cause; it requires an Answer; though I cannot go into the Debate of it: The " Commons themselves have made this Precedent; for,

" in these Impeachments, they have allowed Men, guilty " of the same Crimes, to vote in their own House: And,

" therefore, we have not made any Distinction in our " House, that some should vote, and some not. The " Lords have so high an Opinion of the Justice of the " House of Commons, that, they hope, Justice shall not " be made use of as a Mask for any Design: And, therefore, give me leave to say, though I am not to argue ci it, It is a plain Demonstration, That the Commons " think these Lords innocent: And, I think, the Proposition is undeniable; for there are several Lords in the same Crimes. In the same Facts, there is no " Distinction; and the Commons leave some of these " Men at the Head of Affairs, near‘the King's Person,

" to do any Mischief, if their Persons were inclined to " it; and impeach others, when they are both alike " guilty, and concerned in the same Facts. This is a " Thing I was in hopes I should never have heard asserted, when the Beginning of it was from the House " of Commons."

These Expressions w?ere instantly objected to by Sir Christopher Musgrove; and the Managers took them to be so great an Aspersion on the Honour of this House, that they thought themselves obliged, in Duty, immediately to withdraw from the free Conference.

As the Managers were withdrawing, his Grace my Lord Steward spoke to the Effect following:

That, he hoped, we w?ould not think that Lord had any Authority from the House of Lords to use any such Expressions towards the Commons.

Resolved, That John Lord Haversham hath, at the Words refree Conference this Day, uttered most scandalous Re- solved to be proaches, and false Expressions, highly reflecting upon scana0U8-the Honour and Justice of the House of Commons, and tending to the making a Breach in the good Correspondence between the Lords and Commons, and to the Interrupting the publick Justice of the Nation, by delaying the Proceedings on the Impeachments.

Resolved, That John Lord Haversham be charged, be- Lord Haver-fore the Lords, for the Words spoken by the said Lord sham to be this Day, at the free Conference: And that the Lords be ^enfbefore 7 X desired j^onU.

6$o 130 — 140 Junu. - 1701.

desired to proceed, in Justice, against the said Lord Jfa-xersham; and to inflict such Punishment upon the said Loid, as so high an Offence against the House of Commons does deserve.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgraoe do carry the said Charge, and Resolution, to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Newton and Mr. Gery;

Mr. Speaker,

Deane's The L°lete have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Estate. for Sale of the Estate of James Deane; and for securing the Monies raised thereby, for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof; without any Amendments. Also,

Lords desire The Lords, having been informed by their Managers, the renewal That some Interruption happened at the free Conference; of the Con- which their Lordships are concerned at; because they ercncc' wish, that nothing should interrupt the publick Business;

do desire the Commons would come again presently to the said free Conference; which, they do not doubt, will prove the best Expedient to prevent the Inconvenience of a Misunderstanding upon what has passed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Supply Bill t Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee of the Duties on whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Du-Low Wines. Upcn }ow Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction;

and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea< Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Commis- Ordered, That the Members of the House do, To-

sioners of morrow at Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists of Seven Per-Accounts. SQns Names, to be inserted into the Bill for appointing

and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re-appropriat- port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom &c ^xclse' the Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred c‘ Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for

publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Charge Sir Christopher Musgretce reported, That he had been

against Lord at the Lords; and, according to Order, delivered the Haversham. Qmrge and Resolution of the House, relating to the Lord Hccoersham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatij 14* die Junii;

13* Gulielmi Tertii, Anno 1701. Prayers.

HH H E Lord William Rowlett reported from the Com-Nat, JL mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gasper Cordoso, Har-mant varitWedde, and others, w as committed, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill;

which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1st. L. 19. after "France," insert " John Bowmer,

<c Son of John Bowmcr by Judith his Wife, born at Hie*

" ville, in Loro Normandy, in France; Michael Boomer, u Son of John JBowmer by Judith his Wife, born at Hieville, in Low Normandy, in France-, Gideon LEglize, mbi

" Son of John LEglize by Anne his Wife, born at Bur-

" deauw, in France."

L. 36. after " Verelst," insert " John Bowmer,

" Michael Bowmer, Gideon LEglize,"

P. 2. L. 4. after " Verelst," insert " John Bowmer, u Michael Bowmer, Gideon LEglize."

L. 13. after " Verelstinsert <c John Borcmer,

" Michael Bowmer, Gideon LEglize

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for J)uli";!" ' granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of JDti' the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered, according to Order; and twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Monies remaining due to the Officers and Soldiers of the Four Marine Regiments, shall be satisfied to them, or their Assigns, out of such Monies as were issued to the Earl of Orford, late Treasurer of the Navy, for the Service thereof, and are still undisposed; or out of such Monies as are, or shall be, issued for Wages to the present Treasurer:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving a new Time for the entering Claims touching the Irish forfeited Estates; touching which. Petitions bad been presented to the Honse:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for respiting the Sales of the Irish forfeited Estates:

And the same was twice read; and amended by the.

House:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The

rupted

lessage

tbs

asos, ST at.

Halli-

(m-

ment.

i Bill;

on Vines.

13 W. III. 140 — 1 6° Junii.631

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jj^*' } 145-

Tellers for the Noes,^;: } 65'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House having been informed, That there was a Message at the Door, from the I^ords;

Ordered, That the Messengers be called in.

After which, the Serjeant acquainted the House, That the Messengers were gone away.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill; relating to Foreign Spirits:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Serjeant acquainted the House, That the Messengers were come again.

They were called in.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Dr. Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jasper Cordoso, Harman vant IVedde, and others. Also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That, upon the Occasion of their last Message Yesterday, in order to continue a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, their Lordships did immediately appoint a Committee to state the Matter of the free Conference; and also to inspect Precedents of what has happened of the like Nature: And, that the publick Business may receive no Interruption; the Time desired by their Lordships for renewing the free Conference being elapsed, their Lordships desire a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resohed, That this llouse will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That an Answer be returned to the Lords, That the Commons are extremely desirous to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, and to expedite the Tryals of the impeached Lords; but do conceive it is not consistent with the Honour of the Commons to renew the free Conference, until they have received Reparation, by their Lordships doing Justice upon John Lord Haversham, for the Indignity he Yesterday offered to* the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheine do carry the said Answer to the Lords.

Mr. Bruges reported, That he had canned the Articles of Impeachment against Charles Lord Hallifax to the Lords; and had demanded, That the said Lord Hallifax do give Security to abide the Judgment of the House of Lords.

Five Pounds per Centum prompt Payment upon East India Goods:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Petitions touching the Irish Forfeitures: And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

The Lord Cheine reported, That he had, according to Answer to Order, been at the Lords; and delivered the Answer to Lords Mes" their Lordships Message. sase*

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Answer to Yesterday present to his Majesty their Address: And Address* that thereupon his Majesty was pleased to give a gracious Answer, as followeth;

Gentlemen,

I Thank you very heartily for the unanimous Assurances you have given Me of your Readiness to assist Me in supporting such Alliances as I shall make in Conjunction with the Emperor, and the States General: It will be a great Encouragement to them, to find the Sense of this Kingdom so fully expressed on this Occasion; and will likewise contribute most effectually to the obtaining those great Ends you have now mentioned, on which the Happiness of Europe does so much depend.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, King's Bench to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Prisons and Fleet of the Kings Bench and Fleet, be taken into Considera- Prisons, ation upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Salt-House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Public.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the appropriat- Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Excl8e> Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for &c' publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed; be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Members do, upon Monday Morn- commis-ing next, before the Committee upon the Bill for pre- sioners of venting Frauds gtnd Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and Account*, for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick; prepare Lists of Seven Persons Names, to be inserted Commissioners into the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

The House proceeded upon the Report of the Bill for granting several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on the behalf the old East India Company, relating to the Vol. 13.

Luna, I & die Junii;

13® Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Duchy of Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Cornwall Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or an- Lcases* nexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was read the Third time.

An

Peterborough lileo lion.

032 160 Junii 1701.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to enable his Majesty to grant some Land to Green Hospital:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases already made.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Rowland Gwynn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Peterborough; and the Resolution of the

Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Francis St. John Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sidney Worthy, alias Monologue, Esquire, to serve for the City of Peterborough.

m <0

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

Upon the Poll, there was.

For the Sitting Member - - 166.

For the Petitioner - - - - 1 Go.

That the Petitioner's Counsel objected to several Persons polled for the Sitting Member.

Mr. James Taylor was examined as to Tho. Fulkerson, Robert Hake, and Robert Tustewho voted for the Sitting Member: And, as to Tinkersonand Tuste, he said, They lived with their Mothers: But it w-as acknowledged, that they paid to the Rate at the time of the Election; and that one Duse was Tenant to Hake for Part of the Tenement where I lake lived, and paid the Rate for the same:

That there were several other Persons objected to, as not paying Scotland Lot; but it appeared they lived in the Minster; and, they having voted on both Sides, the Examination of their Right of Voting was waved.

Mr. Standish said, That Thomas Abbott received Sacrament Money, and a Pension from the Church of 6 s. a Year:

That John Pack had received Sacrament Money: But these Two Persons lived in the Minster.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also endeavoured to take off several Votes from the Sitting Member's Poll, on account of indirect Practices;

That the first Person objected to, on that account, was

John Bagley: And, as to him, they called,

Mr. Roger Pemberton, Mr. Little, Mr. Edward Tinkerson: Mr. Pemberton said, That Bagley told him, If he would not lend him 10/. he could have it in another Place: Mr. Little said, That Mr. Wheeler and Mr. Langton, who acted on the behalf of the Sitting Member, did agree with Bagley to lend him to/, in Consideration that he should vote for Mr. Worthy: And Mr. Edward Tinkerson said, That the said Bagley did tell him, That, upon the said Account, Mr. Charles Parker had lent him Ten Pounds.

Edmund Jessop, James Wtestified, That Joshua Oates said, That his Master came to him, and

asked him who he was for: And that, he declaring himself to be for Mr. St.John, his Master told him, He would have him give a single Vote for Mr. Worthy; and threatened him, That otherwise he would sue an Article against him for 20/. and throw him out of his Work: And that Beningfdd, in Consideration that he would vote for the Sitting Member, had promised him to pay his Debts: And Jessopsaid, That Oates further declared, That Be-

tiing/c/d did also give him a Chaldron of Coals, and One Shilling; and that the said Beningfeld paid a Reckoning of 35. G d.the which he w as at the Drinking of.

John Ersley said, That Mv. Bcningfeldimportuned him to go and drink, and then desired his Vote for Mr. Worthy: And, the said Ersley telling him he was engaged, Mr. Beningfeld told him, If he would vote for Air. Worthy, he should have 100l. spent, and lent him, in his House, in Three Months time: lie acknowleged Mr. Beningfeld did not speak to him for any Vote:

And that Henry Kirle said, That Mr. Parker desired his Vote for Mr . Worthy:And, he telling Mr.

That he had promised Air. St. John, and had rather give 20 s. than be a Turn-coat, Mr. Parker told him, If he would, he should make 10 or 12/. worth of Baskets; and, if he did not, he would take his House from him.

SkevingtonSherman said, That Mr. Parker desired his Vote for Mr. Worthy:And, the said Sherman telling

him, He could not; Air. Parker proffered the said Sherman to lend him a Horse to go out of Town; and told him, If he spent 20 s.or more, he should have it

Tho. Carrier, Edw.Goodyear, said, Mr. Parker desired their Votes for Mr. Worthy.

James Wood, Richard Wilton, gave an Account, That

Nicolas Lee told him, the said Wood, That he was sent for to Francis Dillingham's, wlvere was Mr. who desired his Vote for Mr. And, the said Lee

telling him, He could not; Mr. JFhinyard told him, That then he should do no Work for him: That he desired a Day's time to consider of it: And he went again, and said, He had 145. of Dillingham, and might have had 10/.: Nicolas Lee is a Cobler.

John Turner, Simon Butler, said, That Francis Dillingham came to John Turner's House, and desired his Vote for Mr. Wortley; and told him, He would help him to as much Money as would pay his Landlord; which, he said, for Rent and Malt, was about 40/.

Ishmael Banks said. That, on the Election Day in the Morning, one Watts had said, lie would vote for Mr. St. John: And that Banks met him Two Days after the Election; and Watts told Banks, That he was eatched in the Lord William's Woods, and was threatened for it: And Mr. Parker promised him to be his Friend in that Matter; and prevailed upon him to vote for Mr

Richard Dickinson said, That Garland, after the Election, said, he intended to have voted for Mr. St. John; but he was forced to do what he did.

Thomas Paine said, That a Fortnight before the Election, he went with Robert Oliver to Ashton's, and had Wine and Ale without paying for it: And that Ashtons House was taken up by Mr. Worthy: And he was at Ashtons once before; That all he see there, but himself, voted for Mr. Worthy.

Matth.Paris said, He was, on the Election Day in the Morning, from Six to Eleven or Twelve a Clock, where were several others of Mr. Ws Voters, who drank; and he staid till he see them all gone, but see no Drink paid for: And the said Paris said, He see several others drinking at the Goat.

John Ash said, That, the Night before the Election, he was at the Goat, kept by John where Six or

Seven Persons were treated.

Simon Butler said, He was at the Talbot on the Election Day; and there was Beer and Claret, and he sec no Man offer to pay.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, as to the Ten Pounds, called,

Mr. Charles Whinyard: Who said, In October last, Mr. Parker had promised Baggaley to lend him 10/.; and Baggaley came to him, to fill up a Bond for it; and, he apprehending it might be an Objection, if Mr. Parker had asked Baggaley his Vote, he appointed to

come to him another time: And, in the mean time, he asked Mr. Parker if he had desired his Vote: And that Mr. Parker delarcd, He had not: And Baggaley, when he came again, said the same thing: So he filled up the Bond about Three Months before the Election: And that Mr. Parker was a Gentleman of 6 or 700 Pounds a Year, and a great moneyed Man.

That

b

a

I*.

13 W. III. 16° Juniu 633

That he took Tuslc for a Housekeeper, he having a Licence, and paying Rent:

That Tinker son has a Shop:

That Duse, at the Election, acknowleged he laid down the Money for the Rate for his Landlord Hake, and was thereupon allowed; and Mr. St. John, when he went away, after the Poll was declared, made no Objection: That, as to Francis Dilthe Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, That what lie did was without any Direction from the Sitting Member.

As to Expences;

Mr. Whinyardsaid, That, on the Nineteenth of December last, he received a Letter from Mr. f Fort ley, dated the Seventeenth, in which Mr. Wortley wrote, If Mr. St. John spent Money, he would have them spend Money to the Nineteenth, but no longer: And that Mr. St.John's Friends spent a House; That, on the EIcction-day Mr. IFort lei) hearing the re were some Persons at the Talbot, and other l'ublick-houses, he went and forbid them at the Talbot and Goat; and some of them were angry, saying, They hoped they might spend their own Money.

Mr. Langton said. He received several Letters from Mr. Worthy, before the Teste of the Writ; wherein Mr.

Worthy desired no Money should be spent: And particularly. he went to Ashton's at the Talbot; who told him, He did not desire Mr. W should pay a Farthing of what he spent there.

Peter Ashton, who keeps the Talbot Inn, said, That there was no Money spent on the Election-day. or the Day before, or at any time after the Writ was out, S|>ent on Mr. I Fort ley's Account; but what was spent, was paid by the Votei'3.

John Whinchley,w ho kept the Goat, said, That there

was no Money on the EIcction-day. or at an . emc after thl*. Writ was out, spent on Mr. Account; but

the Persons paid for themselves.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel said, That they did not think fit to trouble the Committee with more Witnesses, apprehending their (. use to he very clear.

And the Committee came to this Resolution;

Jl(solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sidney Wort fey, alias Monologue, Esquire; is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sidney Worthy, alias Mauntague, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford and Dr. A eu'tcn:

Mr. Speaker,

Wc are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That, the Lord Sommers having informed the Lords, That Sir Stephen po.v, John Smith Esquire, William /.mends Esquire, Stephen Esquire, and

Lord Somers' William Gulston Esquire, Members of this House, may Trial. bo material Witnesses for him at his Tryal on Tuesday

next, in ffeslininster-h.il!; the Lords desire, 'lbat they mav have Leave to attend, and give their Testimonies, at the said Tryal: And that a Letter, which his Majoty was pleased to write to him in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, being now in this House, will bo necessary for his Defence at Ids Tryal; they desire, That the said Letter may be produced at the said Tryal.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Resolved, That this House will si iul an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee w ho are appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment, do consider of the Reasons why they cannot proceed to the Tryal of the Lord Sommers Tomorrow Morning; and report the same to the House.

V OL, 13.

Lbrtfs desire Leave for Members, &c. to attend < n

Ordered, That the said Message be rtferred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for granting several Duties upon low Supply Bill; Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continu- Duties on ing several additional Duties upon Coflee, Tea, Choco- ^ow late, Spices, and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Coffee imported by particular Persons:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill:

1 r. 1. L. # to leave out "March;" and insert " June," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That " March" stand Fart of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several other Amendments were severally proposed to be made; viz.

Pr. 2. L. # alter " Capiteto insert " and by Knight's " Service."

Pr. 7. L. # to leave out "wearing;" and insert

" weaving," instead thereof.

Pr. 7 L. to leave out " in this Act"

Pr. 17. L. io. to leave out " ^hereupon;", and insert " lor which," instead thereof.

L. 1 (>. to insert " so."

Pr. L. to insert " being."

Pr. L. to insert " And" before "whereas."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for grunting to his Majesty several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coff ee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deaire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Clause, Supply Bill; upon the further Consideration of the Report from the appr pri-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ap- ^"6 Kxclse> propriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds a c'

Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed; for appropriating the Sum of Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds, of the Money in the Paymaster's of the Army's Hands, upon the Sale of the reversionary Annuities, for Payment of the Arrears due for Cloathing.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace, Members into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and sutn none<*> summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And be went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side Commis# the House with Glasses, to receive from the Members'£i°ners "f their Lists of Persons Names to be Commissioners in the ^ccounts' Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, arid state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

7 V And,

16° Junii.

A. 1701,

And, being received, the same were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine; ‘ the Lists; and report to the House, upon which Seven

Persons the Majority falls.

And it is referred to Mr. Shackerly, Lord Ranelagh} Mr Foley, Mr Oxcen, Sir William Strikland, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Bromley, Sir Humphrey Mackworth, IN 1 r. Vyner, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe Mr. St. John, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Havers, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Cary, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Lcnvson, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Jo. Thorold', Mr. Moncton, Mr. Lee, Sir C//or. Barrington, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Norris, Sir Richard Onslow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; The House resumed the further Consideration of the appropriate Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ing Excise, the Bill for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds a Week, out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was committed.

Ordered, That the Clause, which was brought up, relating to the Patentees, be withdrawn.

And the same was withdrawn accordingly.

And another Clause was offered to the House on their Behalves.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

LordSomere* We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Impeach- House, That the Lords, taking into their Care the Order-mentk ing of the Tryal of John Lord Sommers on Tuesday the Seventeenth of June instant, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster-hall, have prepared some Notes and Rules to be observed at the said Tryal: Which the Lords have thought fit to communicate to this House; viz.

Die Limce, 16 Junii 1701.

That the whole Impeachment is to be read; and then the Answer: Which being done, the Lord Keeper is to tell the Commons, That now they may go on with their Evidence.

Then the Lord Keeper is to declare, That now the Court is proceeding to hear the Evidence; and desire the Peers to give Attention.

If any of the Peers, or the Members of the House of Commons that manage the Evidence, or the Lord impeached, do desire to have any Question asked, they must desire the Lord Keeper to ask the same.

If any Doubt doth arise at the Tryal, no Debate is to be in the Court; but the Question suspended, to be debated in this House.

The Members of the House of Commons to be there before the Peers come.

None to be covered at the Tryal, but the Peers.

That such Peers, at the Tryal of the impeached Lords, who, at the Instance of the said Lord, or of the Commons, shall be admitted Witnesses, are to be sworn at the Clerk's Table: And the Lord Keeper to administer the Oath; and to deliver their Evidence in their own Places.

Those Witnesses, that are Commoners, are to be sworn at the Bar by the Clerk; and are to deliver their Evidence . there.

The Oath to be.;

" The Evidence, which you shall give upon the Impeachment of shall be the Truth, the whole

" Truth, and nothing but the Truth. So help you GOD, " and the Contents of this Book."

The impeached Lords may cross-examine Witnesses viva voce.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Message, or Notes and Rules, be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachments.

»Ppropi fight) «c.

Then the Question being put, That the Clause offered Supply be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr 11 r CMr. Hammond,

Tellers for the Yeas,< xjr y> . ' J

'(Mr. Rayntr: j

Tellers for the Noes, C^; j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up; and read the First tim£.

98.

79-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frankhjn and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Loni That the Lord Halifax hath put in his Answer to the Articles of Impeachment against him by this House; and lnif‘ueti' to deliver a Copy thereof to this House. Also, m ni u

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

That this House having, the First Day of April, sent up to their Lordships an Impeachment against William Ead of Portland for High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and there being, as yet, no particular Articles exhibited against him; their Lordships think themselves obliged to put this House in mind thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

o

&c.

Then the Clause was read a Second time, with Blanks; Supply BUI which were filled up, and the Clause amended, by the app«i*i* House: atl,sH

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Sir Child-

letters for the leas,^Mr

Tellers for the Noes j f ? 1

T Colonel Byerly:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

97»

71-

he Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Objection-

9 J J able Wonfa

used by Lmi HaWiham

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, at a CuaUf That, for the keeping a good Correspondence between ei, ce-the Two Houses; and to put the Charge against John Lord Haversham in a Course of Justice, at his Lordship's Motion, have ordered his Lordship a Copy of the Charge against him: And that he do put in his Answer thereunto, in order to bring that Matter to a speedy Judgment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

O

A Message from t Sir Richard Holford Mr. Speaker,

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, Supply Bill;

touching the Four Pounds per Centum from Barbadoes: aPPr,jjn*. a 1 1 atin» Lvcul-

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made

Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige John Parhhurst Esquire, and John PascImH Esquire, to pass their Accounts of Prizes:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Sir John Lcvcson Gower, Mr. Attorney

' j

General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, a Clause, to the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to oblige the said Mr. Parhhurst and Mr. Paschall to pass their Accounts before the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Bank of England shall not make any Dividend of any Monies, which they shall hereafter receive out of the Exchequer, or any publick Cilice, until they shall be fully satisfied and repaid what they shall lend, upon Credit of the Act, for, or in Part of, a Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, and Interest 7 thereof,

uties on lit.

ord

ommers,

rial.

13 W.III. 16° — 17 35

thereof, hut at such Times only as shall be ordered by & General Court:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the same with less Charge to the Publick.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mart is, 17" die Junii;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Praters.

RDER ED, That no Member of this House do presume to go into the Place appointed by the Lords for the Trial of the Lord Sommers, w ithout the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, and summon all the Members of this House, that are in or about Westminsta'-hall, immediately to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment; and to whom the Messages from the Lords Yesterday w^ere referred; and to draw up Reasons why they cannot proceed to the Trial of the Lord Sommers this Day; That they had drawn up Reasons; which they had directed him to report to the House accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons, in this whole Proceeding against the impeached Lords, have acted with all imaginable Zeal to bring them to a speedy Trial; and they doubt not but it will appear, by comparing their Proceedings with all others upon the like Occasion, that the House of Commons have nothing to blame themselves for, but that they have not expressed the Resentment their Ancestors have justly shew ed upon much less Attempts, which have been made upon their Power of Impeachments.

The Commons, on the Thirty-first of May, acquainted your Lordships, That they thought it proper, from the Nature of the Evidence, to proceed, in the First Place, upon the Trial of the Lord Sommers, upon the First Intimation from your Lordships, some Days afterwards, that you w ould proceed to the Trial of any of the impeached Lords, whorn the Commons should be first ready to begin with; notwithstanding your Lordships before thought fit to appoint which Impeachment should be first tried, and affix a Day for such Tryal, without consulting the Commons, who are the Prosecutors.

The Commons, determining to expedite the Tryals to the utmost of their Power, in Hopes of attaining that End, and for the more speedy and easy adjusting and preventing Differences, which had happened, or might arise, previous, or upon, these Tryals, proposed to your Lordships, at a Conference, the most parliamentary and effectual Method for that Purpose, and that which in no manner intrenched upon your Lordships Judicature; That a Committee of both Houses should be nominated, to consider of the most proper Ways and Methods of Proceedings upon Impeachments, according to the Usage of Parliament.

In the next Message to the Commons, upon Monday the Ninth of June, your Lordships thought fit, without taking the least Notice of this Proposition, to appoint the Friday then following for the Tryal of the said Lord

Vol. 13.

Sommers: Whereunto. as well as many other Messages and Proceedings of your Lordships, upon this Occasion, the House of Commons might have justly taken very great Exceptions; yet, as an Evidence of their Moderation, and to shew their Readiness to bring the impeached Lords to speedy Justice, the Commons insisted only on their Proposition fora Committee of both Houses, to settle and adjust the necessary Preliminaries to the Tryal; particularly, whether the impeached Lords should appear, on their Tryal, at your Lordships Bar, as Criminals; whether, being under Accusations of the same Crimes, they should situs Judges on each other's Tryal for those Crimes; or should vote in their Cases, as, it is notorious, they have been permitted by your Lordships to do in many Instances which might be given: To which Particulars your Lordships have not yet given a direct Answer; though put in mind thereof by the Commons.

Your Lordships, at a Conference, having offered some Reasons why you could not agree to a Committee of both Houses, to adjust the necessary Preliminaries, the Commons thereupon desired a free Conference; and your Lordships agreed thereunto: At which, it is well known to many of your Lordships, who were then present, what most scandalous Reproaches, and false Expressions, highly reflecting upon the Honour and Justice of the House of Commons, were uttered by John I>ord IJavershmn; whereby the Commons were under a Necessity of withdrawing from the said free Conference: For which Offence, the Commons have, with all due Regard to your Lordships, prayed your Lordships Justice against the Lord Havershum; but have, as yet, received no manner of Satisfaction.

The Commons restrain themselves from enumerating your Lordships very many irregular and unparliamentary Proceedings upon this Occasion; but think, it is what they owe to publick Justice, and all the Commons of England, whom they represent, to declare some few of those Reasons, why they peremptorily refuse to proceed to the Tryal of the Lord Sommers on the Seventeenth of June.

1 st, Because your Lordships have not yet agreed, that a Committee of both Houses should be appointed, for settling the necessary Preliminaries; a Method never, until this time, denied by the House of Lords, whensoever the Commons have thought it necessary to desire the same.

lidly, Should the Commons, which they never will do, be contented to give up those Rights, which have been transmitted to them from their Ancestors, and are of absolute Necessity to their Proceedings on Impeachments; yet, whilst they have any Regard to publick Justice, they never can appear as Prosecutors before your Lordships, till your Lordships have first given them Satisfaction, that Lords impeached of the same Crimes, shall not sit as Judges on each other's Tryals for those Crimes.

3dly, Because the Commons have, as yet, received no Reparation for the great Indignity offered to them, at the free Conference, by the Lord Haver sham. The Commons are far from any Inclination, and cannot be supposed to be under any Necessity, of delaying the Tryal of the Lord Sommers: There is not any Article exhibited by them, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against the Lord Sommers, for the Proof whereof they have not full and undeniable Evidence; which they will be ready to produce, as soon as your Lordships shall have done Justice upon the Lord Ilaversham, and the necessary Preliminaries, in order to the said Trial, shall be settled by a Committee of both Houses.

The Commons think it unnecessary to observe to your Lordships, that most of the Articles, whereof the Lord Sommers stands impeached, will appear to your Lordships to be undoubtedly true, from Matters of Record, as w el I as by the Confession of the said Lord Sommers in his Answer to the said Articles: To which the Commons doubt not but your Lordships will have a due Regard, when his Tryal shall regularly proceed.

Resolved, That the said Reasons be sent, by a Message, to the Lords*

Ordered,

6^6

170 — 18' Junii.

A.

1701;

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert do carry the said Message.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for appropriating Three thousand Se-appropriat- ven hundred ..... a Week, out of certain Branches of ing xcise, Excise, for publick Use; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That such East India Goods, as shall have been imported before the Twenty-ninth of September One thousand Seven hundred and One* and not made up in Apparel or Furniture, shall be brought into publick Warehouses upon or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and One:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds weekly, out of certain Branches of Excise, for public Uses; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty^ Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Message The Earl of Dysert reported to the House, That he carried to the had, according to Order, carried up their Message to the Lords. Lords.

Commis- Mr. Lawson reported from the Committee, to whom

sioners of it was referred to examine the Lists of the Persons Names Accounts. delivered in to be Commissioners of Accounts; and report upon which Seven Persons the Majority fell; That they had examined the same accordingly; and that the Majority fell upon,

Sir Godfrey Copley - - - 188.

John How Esquire - - - 187.

William Bromley Esquire - - 168.

Sir Humph, Maelcworth - - 155.

Sir Bartholomew Shower - - 149.

Antony Hamond Esquire 138.

Charles D' Avenant Doctor of Laws 126.

insolvent

Debtors.

The Lord Cornlmry reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the . } 1 *4-

rr 11 r CSir Sum - Gerrard,

Fellers for the a oes,< , f '; 51.

Mompesson: > 0

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendments were read the First time throughout; anil then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed , unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Gaoler or Keeper of Prisons shall swear the Prisoner was in Custody, or that it appears so by the Books:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up:

And, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the ingrossing the Bill;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Saturday Morning next* in a full House.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Commis- Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts sioners of of the Kingdom, was read the Third time. Accounts.

And a Clause being offered, according to Order, for obliging Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Paschall to pass their Accounts of Prizes before the Commissioners of Accounts;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That his Commune Majesty is like to have Occasion to draw some more tion frmniu Troops out of Ireland for the Plantations; and it ajest*v' thought to be best for the Service, as Occasion shall require, and Men be drawn off from thence, that they should be recruited here, in England, rather than in Scotland or Ireland: That, he thought, there was no Occasion to trouble the House with it; but iris Majesty had commanded him to communicate this Matter to the House; his Majesty being inclined to communicate all Matters of this Nature to them.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to appear at the Place erected for the pretended Tryal offorbidto the Impeachment of the Lord Sommers, under the Penalty. appear

r 1 , I , tt J Intended

01 incurring the utmost Displeasure of this House. Trial «fLwtt

Somers,

And then the House adjourned till To-taorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 18° die Junii;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

Til E Lord Wiliam Poxclett reported from the Com- Bagnenl'j, mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, ^c-intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Bagneol, Daniel Senault, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 44. after " Countries," insert " James Perot, Son of Philip Perot by Frances his Wife, born at " Niort, in the Province of High Poitou; Henry Gardie,

" Son of Henry Gardie by Anne his Wife, born at Nimcs,

" in Languedoc in France; Michael La Roche, Son of " Andrew La Roche by Jcane his Wife, born at Chatelc-"vault in the Province of Poitou; John Dalmas, Son " of William Dalmas by Anne his Wife, born at Mcntpellier, in the Province of Languedoc', Eloy de Mb " riame. Son of Andrew De Moriame by Martino Bis " Wife, born at Daulhin, in Picardic; Peter Mafic, Son u of Peter Malic by Erancoise his Wife, born at Berms,

" in Languedoc."

Press 2. L. 14. after "Bruce," insert <l James Perot,

" Henry Gardie, Michael La Roche, John Dalmas, Livy " De Moriame, Peter Malic A

Press 2. L. 32. after " Bruce" insert " James Perot,

" Henry Gardie, Michael La Roche, John Dalmas, Eky " De Moriame, Peter Malic"

Press 3. I, 18. after " Bruce, ' insert u James Perot,

" Henry Gardie, Michael La Roche, John Dalmas, Eloy " De Moriame, Peter Malic."

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered,

637

13 W. III. 18° — ao° Junii.

Ordered, That the Lord William Poxvlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence,

irkhurst'i, A Petition of John Parkhurst and John Paschall c. Petition. Esquires, was offered to the House, relating to the Clause concerning them:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

oceedinge Ordered\ That a Committee do inspect the Lords

Lords on Journals, with relation to the Proceedings against theim-iImpeach- peached Lords; and report what they find therein. n s* Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed

to draw up the Articles of Impeachment, be the said Committee.

immission- The House resumed the Debate of Yesterday, upon the !mtsA Clause to the Bill for appointing and enabling Commis-dn *' sioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts.

And the Clause was read a Second time, with Blanks; which were filled up, and the Clause amended, by the House.

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Accounts of the Colonels Cloathing to be settled:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to oblige Mr. Whitacre, Solicitor to the Admiralty, to make up his Accounts:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Paymaster of the Army do issue the Sum of Five thousand Seventeen Pounds Nine Shillings and One Peny, remaining in his^Hands, to discharge Offreckonings of Cloathings:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to oblige Accountants to the Crown to make up Accounts in a certain Time.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Accounts of Colonel Baldwyn Leighton to be stated: And the Question being put, That the Clause be v brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Blanks, left in the Bill for the Commissioners Names, were filled up with their Names: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved\. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

rt>ers not Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume

absent, to go out of Town.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do attend the Service of the House upon Friday Morning next. And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clocks

V o i/. 13.

Veneris, 20* die Junii;

13* Willielmi Tertii, Anno 1701.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That several Counterfeit-Letters have been sent to the Post-house, wifi Member* Hands counterfeited for the Franking of Letters, with ^ranks* Libels inclosed in them.

Ordered, That the Post-masters General do take care for the Preventing and Discovery of the counterfeiting Members Hands to the Franking of Letters.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir Lacan William Child ‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bigg^ to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate, in Estate, the County of Hertford\ with the Payment of his Debts, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Time ap-House, That the Lords have appointed Monday the £or; Three-and-twentieth Day of this Instant June, at Ten' r or of the Clock in the Forenoon, for the Tryal of Edward Earl of Orford, m Westminster-halL Also,

We are commanded by the Lords to deliver to this Lord Haver-House a Copy of the Lord Havershairis Answer to the sham's An- , Charge exhibited against him. Also, swer*

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Message House, That the Lords, in Answer to the Message of from Lords the Commons of the Seventeenth Instant, say; The only respecting true Way of determining which of the Two Houses has Jnents!1^ acted with the greatest Sincerity, in order to bring the impeached Lords to their Tryals, is, to look back upon the respective Proceedings.

The Lords do not well understand what the Commons mean by that Resentment, which they speak of in their Message: Their Lordships own the House of Commons have a Right of impeaching; and the Lords have the undoubted Power of doing Justice upon those Impeachments, by bringing them to Tryal, and condemning or acquitting the Parties, in a reasonable Time: This Powef is derived to them from their Ancestors; which they will not suffer to be wrested from them by any Pretences whatsoever.

Their Lordships cannot butw'onder, that the Commons should not have proposed a Committee of both Houses much sooner, if they thought it so necessary for the bringing on the Tryals, no Mention being made of such a Committee from the First of April to the Sixth of June; although, during that Interval, their Delays were frequently complained of by the House of Lords.

The Manner in which the Commons demand this Committee, the Lords look upon as a direct Invading of their Judicature; and therefore, as there never was a Commit- ' tee of both Houses yielded to by the Lords, in case of any Impeachment for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, so their Lordships do insist, that they will make no new ‘ 1 Precedent upon this Occasion: Many Impeachments for Misdemeanors have, in all Times, been determined without such a Committee; and if now the Commons think fit, by an unprecedented Demand, to form an Excuse for not prosecuting their Impeachments, it is demonstrable where the Obstruction lies.

As to the Preliminaries, which the Commons mention' in particular, as proper to be settled at such a Committee; they Fhave received the Resolutions of the House of Lords therein by their Message of the Twelfth Instant; from which, being Matters relating intirely to their J udicature, their Lordships cannot depart.

As to the last Pretence the Commons would make to; shelter the delaying the Tryals, from some Expressions, wFhich fell from the Lord Haver sham at the free Conference, at wrhich Offence was taken, their Lordships w ill oaly observe,

7 Z 1st,

2o° Junii.

A. 1701.

1st, That they have omitted nothing which might give the Cotninbns all reasonable Satisfaction, of the Purpose to do them Justice in that Matter, so far as is consistent with doing Justice to that Lord; and also to preserve all good Correspondence with them, as appears by the several Steps they have taken.

2diy, That this Business has no Relation to the Tryals of the impeached Lords; and therefore their Lordships cannot imagine, why the Commons should make Satisfaction and Reparation against the Lord Haversham, a necessary Condition for the going on with the Tryals; and, at the same time, find no Difficulty in proceeding on other Business.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Answer to Resolved, In Answer to the Message of the Lords,

Lords Mes- appointing Monday next for the Tryal of the Earl of age. Orford, That the Lords have been acquainted, That the

Commons would proceed, in the First Place, against the Lord Sommers: And they are ready to go to that Lord's Tryal as soon as ever the Commons have received Satisfaction for the Affront offered to the House of Commons, by the Lord Haver sham, at the free Conference; and that the necessary Preliminaries are adjusted by a Committee of both Houses.

Ordered, That the Lord Mordant do carry the said Answer to the Lords.

New Sarum Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum, in the room of Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight, deceased.

Answer car- The Lord Mordant reported to the House, That hehad, ried to Lords, according to Order, carried their Answer to the Lords.

Proceedings Mr. Bruges reported, from the Committee appointed of Lords on to inspect the Lords Journals, with relation to the Pro-the Impeach- ceedings against the impeached Lords; and report the meu ' same to the House; That they had inspected the same accordingly; and had directed him to report what they find therein; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The House being moved to go into Westminster'-hall, in order to the Tryal of the Lord Sommers;

After Debate;

The Question was put, Whether the House shall go this Day into Westminster-hall, in order to proceed upon the Tryal of the Lord Sommersy according to the Order of the Day:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient*

The Reasons, by an Order of the next Day, are here expunged.

Somersetty Scarsedale, Guildford, H. London, Nottingham, Godolphin, Normanby, Feversham, Cholmondley, Rochester, Plymouth, Howard' Carnarvon, Abingdon, Lexington, Marlborough, Denbigh, Peterborough, Oxford, Warrington, Thannet, La War, Tho. Roffen, Derby, Dartmouth, Hunsdon, Jeimyn, Weymouth, Weston, Northumberland, Jonat. Exon, Jeffreyes.

The Lord Bishop of Hereford being sick, his Absence was excused in the Hall.

A Message was sent to the House of Commons, by Mr. Baron Tracy and Mr. Raron Berry, to acquaint them, That the Lords intend presently to proceed to the Tryal of John Lord Sommers, in Westminster-hall.

Then the Question was proposed, Whether the Earl of Orford and Lord Hallifax may withdraw at the Tryal of the Lord Sommers.

Then this previous Question was* put; Whether this Question shall be now put:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put, Whether the Earl of Orford and Lord Hallifax shall have leave to withdraw at the Tryal of the Lord Sommers.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Lord Keeper desired, That some further Directions be given to him, in orda* to the Tryal in the Hall; and proposed, That this Proclamation be made in the Hall; viz.

WHEREAS a Charge of high Crimes and Misde* meanors has been exhibited by the House of Commons, in the Name of themselves, and all the Commons of Eng-la/id, against John Lord Sommers; all Persons concerned are to take Notice, That he now stands upon his Tryal; and they may now come forth, in order to make good the said Charge.

After Debate;

The Question was put, Whether this Proclamation should be made:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation be made in the Hall, before the reading the Articles of Impeachment, and the Lord Sommers' Answer; and also alter they are read.

Ordered, That the Court in Westminster-hall be cleared for the Lords.

The Earl of Anglesey being sick, his Absence was ex* cused.

Then the House adjourned into Westminster-hall; and (he Lords were called by the Herald; and went as ordered:

And, being seated in the Hall;

The House w as resumed.

Then Proclamation was made for Silence, as follows:

Our Sovereign Lord the King, &c.

Then the Lord Keeper asked Leave for the Judges to be covered:

Which was agreed to.

Then the Proclamation, as above ordered, was made.

After which the Articles against John Lord Sommers were read; and also his Lordship's Answer to them.

After which the same Proclamation was again made.

Then the Lord Keeper declared the House was ready to hear the Evidence against John Lord Sommers: And therefore desired the Lords to give Attention.

The Lord Sommers moved to have his Counsel beard.

Whereupon,

The House adjourned to the House Above.

The House was resumed.

The House being moved to acquit the Lord Sommers;

And, after long Debate, and hearing the Judges to several Questions asked them by the Lords;

This Question w as proposed;

That John Lord Sommers be acquitted of the Articles of Impeachment, against him exhibited by the House of Commons; and all Things therein contained: And that the said Impeachment be dismissed.

Then the Question w>as put; Whether the Question, now stated, shall be put in the Court below:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient'

Here the Reasons are again expunged.

Denbigh, Tho. Roffen, Lindsey, Feversham, Carnarvon, Lexington, Hunsdon, Thannett, Rochester, Jonat. Exon, H. London, Peterborough, Plymouth, Sommersett, Howard, Abingdon, Jersey, Derby, La Warr, Jeffreys, Guildford, Scarsdale, Dartmouth, Oxford, Marlborough, Warrington, Normanby, Jermyn, Weymouth, Nottingham, Godolphin.

Then it w as agreed, and ordered, That, in Westminster* hall, the Lord Keeper shall read the Question; and then call the junior Baron present first; and ask every Lord, Whether Content, or Not content: And that every Lord stand up, when called to, and give his Vote, Content, or Not content: And that the Lord Keeper, having taken their Votes, declare the Majority: And, ifthe Majority ' be for acquitting the Lord Sommrs, the Lord Keeper is to declare it so; and after, particularly, to the Lord Sommers.

Ordered, That Candles be prepared for the House.

Then the House ac^ourned again to Westminster-hall:

\ 1 And,

lion

ching the

Conse-

nces

ending the lay of the 'plies.

13 W. III. 20° — 240 Junii. 39

And, being the re, the House was resumed; and Proclamation made for Silence.

The Lord Keeper put the Question, as follows;

That John Lord Somm&'s be acquitted of the Articles of Impeachment, against him exhibited by the House of Commons, and all Things therein contained: And that the said Impeachment be dismissed.

Then the Lord Keeper asked every Lord, Whether Content, or Not content.

The Lord Keeper declared the Majority was for Acquitting: And then declared, That John Lord Sommers was acquitted of the Articles of Impeachment, against him exhibited by the House of Commons, and all Things therein contained; And the said Impeachment was dismissed: And then declared to the Lord Sommers, That he was acquitted.

Then the House adjourned to the House above:

And being come thither, the House was resumed; and the following Orders made:

It is considered, ordered, and adjudged, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That John Lord Sommers shall be, and he is hereby, acquitted of the Articles of Impeachment, against him exhibited by the House of Commons, and all Things therein contained: And that the said Impeachment shall be, and is hereby, dismissed.

It is ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That the Proceedings in the House, upon the Impeachments, be printed: And that the Lords Committees, appointed to consider of the Manner of Proceedings in Impeachments, do meet lo-morrow at Ten of the Clock, and inspect the Journals, and draw up the Matter relating the reunto, in order to be printed; and report to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into Westminster hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Resolved That the Lords have refused Justice to the Commons, upon the Impeachment against the Lord Sommers; by denying them a Committee of both Houses, which was desired of the Commons, as the proper and only Method of settling the necessary Preliminaries, in order to the proceeding to the Tryal of the said Lord Sommers., with Effect; and, afterwards, by proceeding to a pretended Tryal of the said Lord; which could tend only to protect him from Justice, by colour of an illegal Acquittal: Against which Proceedings of the Lords the Commons do solemnly protest, as being repugnant to the Rules of Justice; and therefore null and void.

Resolved', That the House of Lords, by the pretended Tryal of John Lord Sommers, have endeavoured to overturn the Right of Impeachments, lodged in the House of Commons by the ancient Constitution of this Kingdom, for the Safety and Protection of the Commons, against the Power of great Men; and have made an Invasion upon the Liberties of the Subject, by laying a Foundatiop of Impunity for the greatest Offenders.

Ordered, That the Message this Day from the Lords Proceeding be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to draw referred to 1 up the Articles of Impeachment. Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do consider of the Proceedings between the Two Houses, relating to the impeached Lords; and state, to this House, the Matter of Fact, in order to the Justification of this House, in their Proceedings.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Newton and Mr.

Gery: '

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Bagneol, Daniel Senault, and others: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Stanley Baronet to charge certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Lancaster, with Three thousand Pounds, for Payment of his Sisters Portions, and his Debts, without any Amendments: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases already made; without any Amendments.

In Answer to the Message of the House of Commons of this Day;

The Lords do acquaint the Commons, That they might have known, by the Records of the House of Lords,

That the Lords have proceeded to the Tryal of the Lord Sommers on Tuesday last, being the Day appointed; and the Commons not appearing to maintain their Articles against the said Lord, the Lords have, by Judgment of their House, acquitted him of the Articles of Impeachment, against him exhibited by the House of Commons, and all Things therein contained; and have dismissed the said Impeachment: And,

The Lords have appointed Monday next for the Tryal of the Earl of Oxford] on wdiich Day they will proceed on the said Tryal.

The Commons still pressing for a Committee of both Houses, which the I^rds never can consent to, for the Reasons already given, their Lordships can infer nothing from their persisting in that Demand, than that they never designed to bring any of their Impeachments to a Tryal.

As to the Lord Haversham, his Answer is now before the House of Commons: And the Lords resolve to do Justice in that Matter.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume Members to appear, on Monday uext, at the pretended Tryal of the forbid to ap-Earl of Orford, upon pain of incurring the utmost Dis- Pearthercftt* pleasure of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Bagneol's, &c. Nat.

Stanley's

Estate.

Duchy of Cornwall Leases.

Lords An* swer that Lord Sommers was acquitted for Default of Prosecution.

Time appointed for Earl Orfords Trial.

Martisj 24* die Junii;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all the ill Consequences which may, at this time, attend the Delay of the Supplies, given by the Commons for the preserving the publick Peace, and maintaining the Balance of Europe, by supporting our Allies against the Power of France, are to be imputed to those, who, to procure an Indemnity for their own enormous Crimes, have used their utmost Endeavours to make a Breach between the Two Houses;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for thef Colonel Granville, -

Yeas, £Mr. Si. John: S

Tellers for the C Lord Marquis of Ha r ting ton, \ nn Noes, ^Sir Richard Sand ford:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Vol. 13.

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701,

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Bi

ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Estate. An Act to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate, in the County of Hertf ord, with the Payment of his Debts: And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

5 Pr. 39. L. after cc Trusts," add " except the Trust " for the said Frances his Wife, during her Life.'"

42 L. before " Saving," add the Clause marked A.

6 P. 7 L. after " Bigg," add " and Frances his Wife."

8. After " his," add " and her."

In

640

o cv

24 J.

A.

1701.

In the Title, after " Hertfordad<l " and ." Clause A: " That, in case Richard Bigg shall neglect V to pay the Interest of Fifteen hundred Pounds, to " be borrowed, and the Mortgagee shall neglect to receive the Interest-money out of the Profits of the mort-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Suj.p\v Bill for granting to his Majestyseveral Duties upon low Wines, DuU'"\, H1 or Spirits of the First Extraction; and continuing several L"w"lnci' additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and

gaged Premises, for the Space of Six Months; that, Pictures; and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars,

" then the Trustees shall satify such Interest out of the " Profits of the Estate, together with their Charges: " And that, in case the said Richard Bigg shall have a " Son, the Trustees shall take out of the Premises, after " the Interest paid, the yearly Sum of Twelve Pounds* " towards the Maintenance of such Son, till he shall attain

and petty Chapmen; and the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon Muslins; and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods; and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commis-

his Age of Fourteen Years, \{ Matthew Lister, and for appointing Commissioners to take, state, and examine, shmenof

1* ir*c . 1 r 1 it t i* 1 1 l ... A - a* 1 Arc/ainrc

ant for Remuneration.

" his Wife, or either of them, shall so long live; and, uafterwards, to receive, out of the Premises, the annual " Sum of Thirty Pounds, for the Maintenance of the " said Son, until the Decease of the said Matthew Lister, " and his Wife, or until the Decease of the said Ridiard " Bigg and his Wife."

Ordered, That Sir John Kay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Petition of A Petition of the Clerk Assistant, and under Clerks, Clerk Assist- of the House, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That they, having been bred up in the Practice of the Law, have, with all Faithfulness, performed their Duties in the Service of the House, ever since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown: That the Petitioner, the Clerk Assistant, hath been obliged to lay by most of his other Business; and the said Four Clerks have totally, for many Years, quitted their Employments, to apply themselves to their Attendance upon the House: That they have no other Consideration for publick Business than what his Majesty shall be pleased to bestow upon them; and the Profits, arising by private Business, is so small, that this present Session hath not afforded the said Four Under Clerks Thirty Pounds apiece: That the House was pleased the last Session, to recommend them to his Majesty, for competent Salaries, answerable to their Trusts and Services, to be settled upon them: That his Majesty, upon receiving such Recommendation, was graciously pleased to resolve to do something for the Petitioners, the Under Clerks; but they, not having, as yet, received the Effect of such his Majesty's Royal Intention, pray the further Consideration of the House of the Premises'.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to take into Consideration the Services of the said Clerks, and other Servants of the House; and make them an Allowance for the same.

Ordered, That such of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do present the said Address to his Majesty.

Accounts to be returned to proper Officer.

Ordered, That such Accounts, as have been delivered in to this House from the Auditors of the Imprests, be delivered back to them.

A Paper to be produced by Clerk when required.

Privilege —

Ordered, That the Letter and Receipt, relating to Mr. Edward Alien, which lies in the Custody of the Clerk of this House, be by him produced, as Occasion shall require.

Ordered, That Mr. William Adye, who was ordered A Person to to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for^Bribery. attending this House, but afterwards absconded; by reason whereof, a Proclamation issued for Apprehending of him; upon which he did lately surrender himself into the Custody of the Serjeant; be prosecuted, by Mr. Attorney General, for Bribery and Corruption, in pro-

the several and respective Accounts therein mentioned; Accounu-with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration:

And the same w ere once read throughout; and are aS follow; vis.

1 Skin, 22 L. leave out from " That," to "Thomas," in the 26 L. of the 3 Pr.

6 Skin, 31 L. leave out from " notwithstanding," to the Word " Parliament," in the 15th Line, and the 7th Skid inclusive; and read the Clause marked *.

And leave out the Rider marked (B).

The Clause marked*: " Whereas Colonel Baldwyh " Leighton was employed by his Majesty as Colonel, and " in several other Services; for which Services there is a " Sum of Money due to him, as appears by an approved " Account reported from the Lords of the Treasury to his Majesty; and which was delivered to the late Commissioners of Accounts, who thought the late Act did " not impower them to certify the said Account: Be it " therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the " Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Three or " more of them, do allow and certify the same."

The Rider marked (B): " And whereas there hath been " great Sums of Money paid to Mr. Edward Whitacre,

" Solicitor for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy,

" during his being in the same Employment: whereby " his Majesty hath suffered great Abuses and Deceits, in the exorbitant Expence of his Majesty's Treasure: Be " it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said " Seven Commissioners, or any Four of them, shall have " full Power, and are hereby required, particularly to " examine into the Accounts, by which the said Mr.

" Whitaker procured and received the said Sums of " Money; and, at the Opening of the next Session of " Parliament, to lay before the House of Commons their " Report; representing such Matters as shall appear to " the said Commissioners, upon Examination of the Accounts of the said Mr. JFhitaker, in relation to the " Nature of the Services, Vouchers, and Method of " passing the same: with their Opinion, how much thereof " they think extravagant and unreasonable."

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Amendment bging read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree

curing an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present with the Lords in the said Amendment;

Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County

A Message frotp the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments:

And

jtfnuro

yilr-l

sliuill

Hr!

if* I Unia

fPfttOi

k&k

to'

who

r.id,

rffi-

Lv2$

aserd

fe

1-

kSii

4in

c>

- Kt v.

-A

I.

13 W. III.

24* Junii. — 70

641

J

if

k

t

And it is referred to Air. TIareourt, Sir Tho. Meeres, The Commons do disagree to the said Amendment!

Air. Clayton, Mr. Andcrton, Sir Jo. 7?eZ&, Mr. Moncton, made by the Lords;

Air. King, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Harley, Doctor Because J0A/1 Parkhurst and John Paschall Esquires

Davenant, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Cor, Mr. Onslow, Sir have, for several Years, been Commissioners of the Prizes Rich. Onslow, Sir Godfrey Copley.Sir John Leveson Gower, taken during the late War, and are accountable for great

Sir Bart ho. Shmcer, Sir Hum. Mackworth: And they are Sums of Aioney arising the reby, which ought to be applied to withdraw, and draw up the same; and report the same to the Use of the Publick: That the said John Parkhurst

In. ,<

to the House, with all convenient speed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do, in the said Reasons, shew the Inconveniencies by not passing this Bill; and particularly, That,

and John Paschall were frequently pressed to account for the same by the late Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament; but by many Artifices and Evasions, delayed and avoided giving any such Account as was required

Adjournment foi half an Hour.

by the not passing this Bill, the Payment of the Arrears by the said Commissioners: That the Clause, to which

their Lordships have disagreed, by their Second Amendment, requires them to account before the First of September next; but by their Lordships Amendment, the said John Parkhurst and John Paschall are exempted from

due to the Army must be delayed.

And then the House adjourned for Half an Hour. The House being met;

giving any such Account; which is highly unreasonable. The Commons do disagree to the Third Amendment,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and njade the

Sir Richard Hoi ford: The Commons cannot agree to the Clause sent down

Air. Speaker, by the Lords, marked with a X; because their Lordships

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for have therein directed the Commissioners to allow and cer-appropriating Three thousand Sevenhundred Pounds tify a pretended Debt to Colonel Baldwin Leighton; whereas the Disposition, as well as granting Money by Act of Parliament, hath ever been in the House of Commons: And this Amendment, relating to the Disposal of Aioney, does intrench upon that Right

The Commons do disagree to the Fourth Amendment, made by the Lords;

Because it is notorious, that Edward tVhitacre, mentioned in the Rider left out by their Lordships, hath, colour of his Employment, as Solicitor to the Admiralty, received the Sum of Five*and-twenty thousand Ordered, That all the Proceedings, with relation to the pouness> ancj upwards, of publick Monies, without pro-irldting to Impeachments, and what happened between the House of ducing any just or reasonable Vouchers for the Expence Lords and House of Commons, be examined by the thereof; and therefore ought to be accountable for the

BJCulS, If/ l)c 1 a J

Journals, and printed* same 1

And that, by reason of their Lordships disagreeing to Sir Thomas Mcers reported from the Committee ap- the several Parts of this Bill, the Supplies provided by the

Supply Bill; appropriating fcxnsf, weekly, out of certain Branches of Excise, for publick f‘ Uses; and for making a Provision for the Service of his

Majestys Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions; without any Amendments: And also,

To a bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expences of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for one Year; and other necessary Occasions; without any Amendments.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Proceedings

Supply Bill; Lund Tax.

pi in ltd.

Commissioners of Publick Accounts — Reasons for disagreeing to Lords Amendments.

pointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, state, and examine, the several and respective Accounts therein mentioned, That they had drawn up the Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ere twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons do disagree to the First Amendment, made by the Lords;

Because it is notorious, That many Millions of Aioney

Commons for paying the Arrears due to the Army, must, of Necessity, be ineffectual till another Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Votes of this Day.

Reasons be inserted in the Reasons tob*

inserted in Voles.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Message to Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: attend th*

Mr. Speaker, Kin8'

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Air. Speaker, with the House, went up R . Assent have been given to his Majesty, by the Commons, for the to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased to l0 rjH*. Service of the Publick, which remain yet unaccounted give the Royal Assent to several publick and private for, to the great Dissatisfaction of the good People of Bills; and to make a most gracious Speech to both England, who chearfully contributed to those Supplies; Houses:

and their Lordships First Amendment prevents any Ac- And, afterwards, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Parliament count being taken of those Monies by the Commissioners by his Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament prorogued, appointed by the Commons for that Purpose. until Thursday the Seventh Day of August next.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Jovis, 7* die Augusti;

13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

H E House being met;

A A/cssage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majestys Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Eighteenth Day of September next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the Eighteenth Day of September next.

Vo 1.. 13.

8 A

642

18° Sept. — 30° Oct. — 6° Nov.

Jovis, 18* die 13* Willielmi, Anno 1701.

Parliament r¥', HE House being met;

further JL A Message was brought from the Lords, by prorogued. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

1701.

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Thirtieth Day of October next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the Thirtieth Day of October next.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Jovis, 30* die Octobris;

13° Willielmi, Anno 1701.

HE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Sixth Day ot' November next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the Sixth Day of November next:

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Jovis,6* die Novembris;

130 Willielmi, Anno 1701.

H E House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Thirteenth Day of November instant: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the Thirteenth Day November instant.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

644

Proclamation for dissolving Parliament.

Lord

Steward's

Deputation.

By the King; A Proclamation, for dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the speedy calling another.

IVIL LI AM R.

WHEREAS our loving Subjects have universally, by their loyal Addresses, expressed their Resentment of the Injustice and Indignity offered to Us, and our People, by the late Proceedings of the French King, in taking upon him to own and declare the pretended Prince of Wales, to be King of England, Scotland, and Iand have thereby also, in the most dutiful Manner,'expressed their Affection to Our Person and Government, and their steady Resolution at this time, to do all things which can be desired from good Englishmen, and Protestants:

We have received the same with great Satisfaction; and have thought it reasonable, in this extraordinary Juncture, to give Our Subjects the Opportunity of choosing such Persons to represent them in Parliament, as they may judge most likely to bring to Effect their just and pious Purposes; and, in order thereto, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Thursday the Thirteenth Day of this instant November: We do there-, fore, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of ' the said Parliament, are hereby discharged from their Meeting on Thursday the said Thirteenth Day of this instant November: And We do hereby make known to Our said Subjects, That We do intend to give Directions to the Keeper of Our Great Seal, for the Issuing out of Writs, in due Form of Law, for the calling of a new Parliament, which shall begin, and be holden, at on

Tuesday the Thirtieth Day of December next.

Given at Our Court at Hampton Court, the Eleventh Day of November 1701, in the Thirteenth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

jyiLLIA J/Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward of his Majesty's Iloushold, One of his Majesty's most

Honourable Privy Council, and Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, JVm. Lord Poulet, Lord Edw. Russell, Sir Hen. Dutt. Colt, Sir fVm. Forrester, Sir IVa. Young, Rob. Yard, John Lord Fittzharding, Sir Jerv. Elves, Simon Harcourt, Wm. Cecill, Alg. John

Granvill, Edw. Clarke, Sir Fr.Child, SirC Hedges, Sir John Howies, Tho. Mansell, Sir John Holland, John Harvey, Geo. Rodny Bridges, Sir Cha. Sir Jo.

Packington, Cha. Lord SpenceSir Hen. Pickering, Tho.

Strangwqyes, Alex. Latter ell, Edw. Harley, Hen. Pelham, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and minister the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of his now Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An " Afctfor removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament," according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament, summoned to begin, and to be holden, this Thirtieth Day of December instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any of the said Five Ports, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament, begun and holden on the said Thirtieth Day of December aforesaid; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One of them, full Power and Authority, to execute and perform the same; ratifying and confirming all, and whatsoever, my said Deputies or Deputy, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two cr One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present and done the same: In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this Thirtieth Day of December, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, , and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, <§r. Anno Domini 1701.

Devonshire.

Mai

>e&.

KfRa

Kfyj

K

>V1

<k'X

OF THE

*45

JOURNALS

to

k

rt,

fr

n-

k

n.

h

r-

k

k

IT

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Parliamentum inceptu* et tent* apud civitat* Westmonast. die Martis, 30° die Decembris, Anno regni Gulielmi Tertii, Dei gratia AngP, Scotiae, Franciae, et Hibernian Regis, fidei defensoris, &c. 13°, annoque Domini 1701.

Parliament

toeeu.

o

N which Day, being the First Day of the Meet- formances in Parliamentary Affairs the House had had ing of tin's Parliament, pursuant to a Procla- Experience.

And the Lord Spencer being seconded by John Smith Esquire;

And the Earl of being seconded by Henry St,

John Esquire, and several others;

After some Debate upon both the Persons proposed, the Members, who spoke therein, addressing themselves to the Clerk at the Table;

The Clerk proposed the Question, That Sir

mation hereunto annexed, and to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the most Noble William Duke of Devon, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshoid, came about Eleven a Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place, to administer the Oaths appointed to betaken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament; And George

Esquire, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having Littleton Baronet do take the Chair as Speaker.

delivered in a Book of the Names of the Members who had been returned; and Paul Esquire, the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Needier, his Clerk Assistant, and other his Clerks, attending according to their Duty; the said Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed, to several of the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto annexed, to several of the Members, who had been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; who administered the same accordingly, to such others as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which,

STfssagf to ttteod the King.

A Message was delivered from the King, by Mr. Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty:

Who was pleased, by the Right Honourable Sir Nathan Wright, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, to command the

And that Question being put;

The House divided;

The Yeas on the Right Hand;

And the Noes on the Left:

Teller for the Yeas,

The Lord William Powlet: 212.

Teller for the Noes,

Mr. G wyn: 21

The Report of which Numbers being made to the Clerk at the Table;

The Clerk declared the Numbers.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, That Robert Harley Esquire might take the Chair as Speaker;

He stood up in his Place; and desired to be excused; and that the House would please to think of some other Person more able to serve them.

But the House not admitting of his Excuse;

The Clerk put the Question; That Robert Harley Esquire do take the Chair as Speaker.

Resolved \That Robert Harley Esquire do take the Chair as Speaker.

Whereupon he w-as conducted to the Chair by the Earl of Disert, and Henry St. John Esquire; and, upon the

Commons to return to their House, and choose their s after had given the House his Thanks for Speaker, and present Into to Ins Majesty Tomorrow at (he HonoJr ,hey had he desired (|]ey

even a oc '. would yet be pleased to excuse him, and make choice of

3fr. Harley

«ho$en

Speaker.

And, the House being returned;

The Lord Spencer acquainted the House, That, their First Business being to choose their Speaker, they ought to make choice of a Person of Experience in Parliamentary Affairs, and of Zeal for his Country; And, as such, proposed, That Sir Thomas Littleton, w ho had been formerly Speaker, might be Speaker again.

Whereupon the Earl of Disert recommended Robert JIurley Esquire, who was Speaker the last Parliament, as being a Person, of whose great Understanding and Pef-VOL. 13.

another Person to serve them.

But the House crying, " No, No;'*

He took the Chair.

And the House being put in mind, That his Majesty had appointed them to present their Speaker Tomorrow at Eleven a Clock:

Mr. Speaker Elect adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

SB

6^6

310 Decembris. — i — 2° JanuariL 1701.

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Mercurii, 31* dee Decembris;

Gulielmi Tertii, Aum<* 1701.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker Elect having taken the Chair;

A Message was brought from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker Elect, with the HoitSe, vqent. up to attend his Majesty; and to preseat their Speaker; Who spake thus; viz.

Jovisj I. die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and signed the Association, by Law appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Januarii;

Members take Oaths.

Fraudulent

Assurances.

Grand

Committees.

Anno 13° Willielmi Tertii.

SEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and signed the Association. Afterwards,

A Bill to prevent Frauds in the Assurance of Ships and Merchandize, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

land, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Monctonl Mr. Herbert, Colonel Granville, Mr. Edgcotnbe, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fox. Mr. Weld, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pr'oby, Mr Kendall, Sir Mich. Wharton, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Rushout Cullen, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. St. Loo, Mr. Car, Mr, Dormer, Mr Wining ton, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Ja. Rushout, Sir Rich. Tern-pie, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir JVm. Scawcn, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Clark, Sir Robci't Jenkinson, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Birch, Mr. Neale, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Rowney, Lord Chenie, Mr. Austen, Mr. Halsey, Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Hen. Colt. Mr. Onslow, Mr. Wheeler, Mf. Renda, Mr. Pendafyitr, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. WUd, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Gee, Mr. Cocks, Colonel Lee, Sir John Molesworth, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Cur-son, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Buller, Serjeant Whitaker, Mr. Cottonr Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Burnaby, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Masters, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Norris, Mr. Hob-lyn, Mr. Boyle, Colonel Colchester, Sir Ale.v. Rigby, Mr. Pitt, Sir Geo. Rook, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Dunch, Mr. Heathcotty Sir Wm. Robinson, Colonel King, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Halford, Mr. Nappicr, Mr. Foley, Sir Jo. Phillips, Sir P/ul. Boteler, Mr. Pelham, Mr, Campion, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Braver, Mr Manly, Sir Robert Hilliard, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Cook, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Roberts, SirTho. Abney, Mr Dryden, Mr Yates, Mr. Cholmley, Colonel Thompson, Mr, Brereton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Ekins, Mr. Norris, Mr. 7><?-denliam. Sir Edward Acton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Paice, Mr. Trelawney, Lord Mor daunt, Colonel Shrimpton, Mr. Boyle, Sir Wm. Drake: And that they do meet on Monday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chambers; and sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall be referred to them, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And ail Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any tiling shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege of any Member lie is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw until their Returns are determined.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections of Privileges, be appointed of Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Bromley, Lord Sherrard, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. CeciU, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Hambden, Sir Richard Onslorw, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Harvey, Colonel Bkrley, Mr. Hele, Mr. Bold, Sir Robert Masham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Spencer, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Stringer, Sir Jos. Jekill, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Crcnv, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bagott, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Johnson, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Drake, Mr. Harley, Lord Rosse, Mr. Bere, Mr. Topham, Mr. Thynn, Mr. Doxcds-well, Earl of Dysert, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mitford, Mr. Yard, Mr. Wm. Bridges, Colonel Wharton, Sir John Poole, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Coope?', Sir John Hawks, Mr. Harcoart, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Hayes, Sir Edward Tumor, Sir Jo. Williams, Mr. Jacob, Mr. Bertie, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Palmes, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Tho. Hanmore, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Cummins, Mr. Price, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Carter, Mr. Etterick, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Scobell} Mr. Farrer, Sir John Hoi-6

The House being moved, That the Speech, made by The King* his Majesty to both Houses, might be reported; Speech

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty was pleased, reP0Ited* upon Wednesday last, to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses: Which consisting of many Particulars, and being of great Weight, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof, to prevent any Alistake in reporting the same: And he read the same to the House; which is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I PROA1ISE Myself you are met together full of that just Sense of the common Danger of Europe, and that Resentment of the late Proceedings of the French King, which has been so fully and universally expressed in the loyal and seasonable Addresses of Aly People.

The owning and setting up the pretended Prince of Wales for King of England is not only the highest Indignity offered to Ale, and the Nation, but does so nearly concern every Alan, who has a Regard for the Protestant Religion, or the present and future Quiet and Happiness of his Country, that I need not press you to lay it seriously to Heart, and to consider, what further effectual Means may be used for securing the Succession of the

Crown

t

>0

13 W. III.

2'° Januarii.

647

Grown in the Protestant Line, and extinguishing the Hopes of all Pretenders, and their open or secret Abet-torr.

By the French King's placing his Grandson on the Throne of Spain, he is in a Condition to oppress the rest of Europe, unless speedy and effectual Measures be taken: Under this Pretence, he is become the real Master of the whole Spanish Monarchy; he has made it to be entirely depending on France, and disposes of it as of his own Dominions: and by that means, he has surrounded his Neighbours in such a manner, that though the Name of Peace may be said to continue, yet they are put to the Expence and Inconveniencies of a War.

This must affect England in the nearest and most sensible Manner in respect to our Trade, which will soon become precarious in all the valuable Branches of it; in respect to our Peace and Safety at home, which we cannot hope should long continue; and in respect to that Part which England ought to take in the Preservation of the Liberty of Europe.

In order to obviate the general Calamity with which ~the rest of Christendom is threatened by this exorbitant Power of France, I have concluded several Alliances, according to the Encouragement given Me by both Houses of Parliament; which, I will direct, shall be laid before you; and which, I doubt not, you will enable me to make good.

There are some other Treaties still depending, that shall be likewise communicated to you as soon as they are perfected.

It is fit I should tell you, the Eyes of all Europe are upon this Parliament; all Matters are at a stand till your Resolutions are known; and therefore no Time ought to be lost.

You have yet an Opportunity, by Gods Blessing, to secure to you, and your Posterity, the quiet Enjoyment of your Religion and Liberties, if you are not wanting to yourselves, but w ill exert the antient Vigour of the English Nation: But I tell you plainly, My Opinion is, If you do not lay hold on this Occasion, you have no Reason to hope for another.

In order to do your Part, it will he necessary to have a great Strength at Sea, and to provide for the Security of our Ships in Harbour, and also, that there be such a Force at Land, as is expected in proportion to the Forces of our Allies.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I do recommend these Matters to you with that Concern and Earnestness which their Importance requires: At the same time I cannot but press you to take care of the publick Credit; which cannot be preserved but by keeping sacred that Maxim, That they shall never be Losers, who trust to a Parliamentary Security.

It is always with Regret, when I do ask Aids of My People; but you will observe, That I desire nothing which relates to any personal Expence of mine: I am only pressing you to do all you can for your own Safety and Honour, at so critical and dangerous a Time; and am willing, that what is given should be wholly appropriated to the Purposes for which it is intended.

And, since I am speaking on this Head, I think it proper to put you in mind, That, during the late War, I ordered the Accounts to be laid yearly before the Parliament; and also gave my Assent to several Bills for taking the publick Accounts, that My Subjects may have Satisfhction, how the Money given for the War was applied: And I am willing that Matter may be put in any further Way of Examination, that it may appear, whether there were any Misapplications and Mismanagements; or whether the Debt, that remains upon us, has really arisen from the Shortness of the Supplies, or the Deficiency of the Funds.

1 have already told you, how necessary Dispatch will be, for carrying on that great publick Business, whereon our Safety, and all that is valuable to us, depends: I hope, w'hat Time can be spared w ill be employed about those other very desirable Things which I have so often Vol.* 13.

recommended from the Throne; t meaty the forming some good Bills for employing the Poor, ibr'encoui*aging Trade, and the further Suppressing of Vice.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I hope you are come together determined to avoid all ' manner of Disputes and Differences; and resolved to act with a general and hearty Concurrence for promoting the common Cause, which alone can make this a happy Session.

I should think it as great a Blessing as could befal England, if I could observe you as much inclined to lay aside those unhappy fatal Animosities which divide and weaken you, as 1 am disposed to make all My Subjects safe and easy as to any even the highest Offences committed against Me.

Let Me conjure you to disappoint the only Hopes of our Enemies, by your Unanimity: I have shewn, and always will shew, how desirous I am to be the common Father of all My People: Do you, in like manner, lay aside Parties and Divisions: Let there be no other Distinction heard of among us, for the future, but of those who are for the Protestant Religion, and the present Establishment;. and of those who mean a Popish Prince, and a French Government.

I will only add this: If you do in good earnest desire to see England hold the Balance of Europe, and to be indeed at the Head of the Protestant Interest, it will appear by your right improving the present Opportunity*

Resolved, Nerrnnc contradicente, That the humbleThanks Addrest o& of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his most the Kin8a gracious Speech from the Throne; and to assure his Ma- Specch‘ jesty, That this House will support and defend his Majesty's lawful and rightful Title to the Crown of these Realms, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all his open and secret Abettors and Adherents, and all other his Majesty's Enemies whatsoever: And will enable his Majesty to shew his just Resentment of the Affront and Indignity offered by the French King, in taking upon him to declare the pretended Prince of Wales King of England, Scotland, and Ireland: And, further, will maintain and support the Succession to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto be* longing, in the Protestant Line, according to the several Acts of Parliament, made for the Settlement thereof* since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne.

Resolved, Aemine contradicente, That this House will* to the utmost of their Power, enable his Majesty to make good all those Alliances his Majesty has made, or shall make, pursuant to the Addresses of the late House of Commons, for the Preservation of the Liberties of Europe, and reducing the exorbitant Power of France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be drawn up* to be presented to his Majesty, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Hedges, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Austen, Lord Spencer, Mr. St. John, Sir Tho. Pouhs,

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Harvey, Lord Rosse, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Granville, Mr. Finch, Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Bridges,

Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Boyle, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr.

Givyn, Lord Sherrard, Sir JVa. Yong, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Curson, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jos.

Jekill, Mr. Brewer, Colonel Wharton, Earl of Dysert,

Sir John Leveson Gower, Lord Chenie, Earl of Ranelagh.

Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Geo. Rook, Sir Rrnvlmd Givyn, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Pagit, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Clark,

Lord Coningsby, Colonel Byerly, Lord Wm. Powlett:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a Bill be brought Attainting in for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales. the Fre-

Ordered, tender-

s4§

Z6 — 50 Januariu

A. 1701*

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Grayft, and the Lord William Powlet, do prepare, and bring in the said Bill.

V

iL'

The Kings Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Spepch to be ing next, take his Majesty's most gracious Speech into considered. Consideration.

Printing the Ordered, That Leave be given to make a Motion (it Votes. being after Two a Clock) for printing the Votes.

And a Motion being made accordingly;

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do peruse the same; and appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other do presume to print the same, but such as he shall appoint.

Sabbati, 3° die Januarii;

Anno 13° Willielmi Tertii.

Pra YEKS.

it m a f)RDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Commit-

su r ers. of Privileges and Elections, That they do admit only

Two Counsel of a Side in any Cause before them: And that the same be a standing Order of the House.

Resolved, That no Person be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, upon any Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, until the Matter of such, Complaint shall have been examined by the Committee of Privileges, and reported to the House: And that the same be a standing Order of the House.

Resolved, That no Member have Privilege in Case where he is only a Trustee.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Ordered, That no Letters be delivered out, by the Postman attending this House, until the Rising of the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That a Table of Fees, claimed by the Officers Fees cf of the House, be laid before the House.

the Hm*

Sir Charles Hedges reported from the Committee, to Addra, whom it was referred to draw up an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, pursuant to the Resolutions ^ee ‘ Yesterday, That they had drawn up an Address accord^ ingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE Y our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, do return our most humble and hearty Thanks to your Majesty, for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; and humbly crave Leave to assure Your Majesty, That this House will support and defend Your Majesty's lawful and rightful Title to the Crown of these Realms, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all his open and secret Abettors and Adherents, and all other Your Majesty's Enemies whatsoever; and we will enable Your Majesty to shew your just Resentment of the Affront and Indignity offered to Your Majesty, and this Nation, by the French King, in taking upon him to declare the pretended Prince of Wales King of England, Scotland, and Ireland: And we are firmly and unanimously resolved to maintain and support the Succession to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, in the Protestant Line, as the same is settled by an Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown; and further provided for by an Act of the last Parliament, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject: And for the better effecting the same, we will, to the utmost of our Power, enable Your Majesty to make good all those Alliances Your Majesty has made, or shall make, pursuant to the Addresses and Advice of Your most dutiful and loyal Commons of the last Parliament, for preserving the Liberties of Europe, and reducing the exorbitant Power of France.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree to the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when lie will be attended by this House.

And then- the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath A Petition of Hairy Silly, of Trevclver, in the County Treg<wj been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their of Cornwall, Esquire, was presented to the House, and tlccUM Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Trc-hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; goney, in the said County, but by the unlawful Practices the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misde- of the Agents of Hugh Fortescue and Hugh Woglridge, meanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost the Mayor of the said Borough (who allowed Minors, and Severity against such Offenders. other unqualified Voters foi* the said Mr Fortescue, and

rejected several lawful Voters for the Petitioner) hathun-Resolved, That, if it shall appear any Person hath duly returned Mr. Fortescue as one of the Representatives given false Evidence, in any Cause before the House, or of the said Borough; refusing to seal the Petitioner's In-any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the denture, to his manifest Wrong and Injury: And pray-utmost Severity against such Offenders. ing Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Ordered, That the Back-doors of the Speakers Cham- referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: ber be locked up every Day, at the Sitting of the House; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and and the Keys brought, and laid upon the Table, till the report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the Rising of the House. House.

' Petition

13 W. III. 3° Januarii. 649

Hetford A Petition of Sir Willoughby Hickman Baronet, and don. JVm. Levenz Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, the Petitioners, and John Thornhagh and Thomas White Esquires, stood Candidates: That William Bellamy and John Reynolds, Bailiffs of the said Borough, refused to poll several Persons who had a Right, and demanded to be polled for the Petitioners; several of which were adjudged, by the last Parliament* to have a Right to vote; upon which the Petitioner Sir Willoughby Hickman, then a Petitioner, was, by that Parliament, declared duly elected: And the Petitioners had a Majority, not only by those Votes, but also by others, who had the same Right, and ought to have been returned; but the said Bailiffs, with Mr. Thornhagh and Mr. White, used many other illegal and unfair Practices; by which means the said Mr. Thornhagh and Mr. White have unjustly procured the said Bailiffs to return them, in Wrong to the Petitioners, and the legal Electors of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

)y A Petition of William Marquis of Hartington, w'as pre-

ity sented to the House, and read-; setting forth, That, at

tion* the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Derby, the Petitioner, John Lord Roos, Tho. Voice Esquire, and John Curson Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner w>as duly chosen, and ought to have been returned, One of the Knights for the said County, he having the Majority of legal Votes; but divers unqualified Persons were admitted to poll for Mr. Voice and Mr. Curson; and many, who were duly qualified, were not permitted to poll for the Petitioner, or were kept from polling by Force, Threats, Bribes, and other indirect Practices; by which means the said Mr. Coke and Mr. Cw % son are unduly returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the speedy Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

by A Petition of Thomas Stanhope Esquire, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last 'Uou‘ Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, the Lord James Cavendish, Sir Cha. Pye Baronet, John Harpur Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: ThatThomas Carter Gentleman, Mayor of the said Borough, did use several illegal Practices on behalf of the said Lord Cavendish, and polled for him several unqualified Persons; and refused to poll several who had a Right, and demanded to poll for the Petitioner; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, One of the Burgesses for the said Borough; but the said Mayor hath returned the said Lord Cavendish, though not duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

to. A Petition of Sir Charles Pye Baronet, wras presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, the Lord James Cavendish, the JPetitioner, John Harpur and Tho. Stanhope Esquires, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had the Majority of legq.1 Votes, w'as duly elected, and ought to have been returned, with the Lord Cavendish; but many indirect and illegal Prac-Vol. 13.

tices, w'ere used to defeat the Petitioners Election, and gain Votes for the said Mr. Harpur and Mr. Stanhope, who joined their Interests together, and had many undue Persons admitted to poll for them; and Mr. Harpur is unduely returned, with the said Lord Cavendish, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House*

A Petition of George Walcott Esquire, was presented to Bishop's the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election 9iSlle of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Election« Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, Charles Mason Esquire, by himself, and by Thomas Mason Esquire, his Father, Cha. Hanmer, his Brother-in-law, and other his Agents, hath procured several Persons, by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, to vote for him; notwithstan<L ing which, the Petitioner had the Majority of Votes, and, in Justice, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; but one Richard Betton, Shoemaker, and Uncle to the said Mr.

Cha. Mason, being then Bailiff, of the said Borough, did arbitrarily refuse, to poll several Burgesses, who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and unduly returned the said Charles Mason; all which Proceedings the Petitioner is ready to make appear: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Simon Mayne Esquire, was presented to Aylesbrn^ the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, w as one of the Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oiAyles* bury, in the County of Bucks; where a much greater Number of qualified Electors offered to vote for the Petitioner, but were arbitrarily rejected by the Constables, who are the proper Officers for taking the Poll w'ithin the said Borough, whereby, as by other illegal Practices,

James Herbert Esquire, one other of the Candidates, was returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the House to examine the Premises, and relieve hiiji therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William. Munson Esquire, W'as presented to Hertford the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Elec- Election-tion for Members to serve in tins present Parliament for the Town of Hertford, the Petitioner, Cha. Ccesar, and Richard Gulston, Esquires, stood Candidates; at wrhich Election a Poll was had; but Benj. Jones, the Mayor of Hertford; refused to poll several legal Voters for the Petitioner; and admitted great Numbers to poll, who had no Right, ' against the Petitioner, they not being Inhabitants, in whom only the ancient prescriptive Right of electing w'as, before the Charters of Incorporations were granted; nor having been Inhabitants of the said Borough, or the Parishes thereof, at the time when sworn Burgesses; w ithout which Qualification the Mayor and Aldermen had no Power to make any Burgesses; by which means, and other undue Practices, the Mayor declared Mr. Gulston to have the Majority of legal Votes, though the Petitioner had; and accordingly returned him, in Breach of his Trust and Duty, and in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House,

8 C A Petition

Wsliam

'Election.

‘Coventry

Election.

Malden

Election.

Orford

Election.

650 56

A Petition of henry Coivpcr Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Henry Yates Esquire, the Petitioner, and John Wicker Esquire, stood Candidates at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Horsham, in the County of Sussex; where Mr. Wicker, and his Agents, "by Bribes, Threats, Menaces, and other illegal Practices, procured divers Electors to vote for him; and John Rolf, his Brother-in-law, took upon him to act as One of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, and voted, though he was not qualified to act in 'either of those Capacities; and other unqualified Persons were admitted to vote for Mr. Wicker: notwithstanding yhich Practices, the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said John Rolf] and Nath. Tredcroft, who acted as Bailiffs, have Returned the said Mr. Wicker, to the great Wrong of tire Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Christopher Hales Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, the Petitioner, Tho. Gery, Hen. Neale and Edward HojMns Esquires, stood Candidates: That the Sheriffs for the said City, and others in favour of Mr Neale and Mr. Hopkins, did use several corrupt and illegal Practices against the Petitioner; who, nevertheless, had a Majority of all the Candidates: Yet the Sheriffs, in Violation of the Rights of the said City, and manifest Partiality, have made a double Return: And praying, That the Merits of the Return and Election may be forthwith heard.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be deferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Irby Mountague Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner stood a Candidate at the Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex; and the major Part of the Freemen, in whom only the Right of Election is, voted for the Petitioner! Yet the Bailiffs, Town Clerk, and others, did, by Promises, Threats, and other arbitrary and illegal Practices, influence and affright several of the Electors from giving their free Votes; and the Bailiffs and Town Clerk refused to poll Thirty Persons for the Petitioner, who had a Right, and, as such, were called over by the said Magistrates to give their Votes; and arbitrarily have returned John Comyns Esquire, their Recorder, as One of their Burgesses, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Killcgrcw Esquire, and Charles May Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Sheriff of Suffolk having directed a Precept to the Mayor of the Borough of Orford, for electing Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament; one John Hook, pretending himself to be the Mayor, although, upon a solemn Tryal at Bar in Westminster-hall, his pretended Title was found illegal, got the said Precept; and, on the Second of December last, divers Persons proceeded to an Election before him; and be has taken upon him to return Sir Edmund Bacon and Sir EdzvardTurner: That the same Day, before Daniel Whitby Esquire, the rightful Mayor of the said Borough, several other Persons, being a great Majority of the qualified Electors, elected the Petitioners, and executed an Indenture of Return under their Common Seal; which Whitby tendered to the said Sheriff, who 10

A 1701.

refused to accept it*; and that he refused to deliver the Precept to Whitby, who asked him for it before the Election; but the Sheriff hath accepted of the Return of the said Hook': Which partial Proceedings of the Sheriff and Hook are to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners:

And praying Relief inihe Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be teferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with tlteir Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Stanxvix Esq uire, wras presented to Carlisle the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Dis- Wecllun< solution of the last Parliament, William Nicholson Esquire, then and yet Mayor of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and other Agents for James Lowiher Esquire, constantly, to the very Time of Election, endeavoured, by Bribery, Promises, Threats, and other undue Practices, to influence the then approaching Election in favour of the said Mr. Lawther; and, for that Purpose, the Mayor, after the Teste of the Writ, restored several Persons, formerly disfranchised, to their Freedoms; though he refused to restore others in the same Circumstances, because, he suspected, they would vote for the Petitioner:

And, at the last Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, the Petitioner stood a Candidate; the said Mayor declared, He would return Xfr. Loxvther, right or wrong; and refused to poll several legal Voters for the Petitioner; and polled several for Mr. Loxvther, who had no Right; pretending to govern himself by some Book, or List, of the Freemen s Names in his Custody, which he, or some other Person, has altered, he refusing to let the Petitioner have a Copy or Sight thereof: That, after the Poll was closed, and Objections made to several Votes on both Sides, it appeared, the Petitioner had a great Majority; who insisted to be returned; which the said Mayor refused; and adjourned the Poll; and altered it as he pleased; and never came to the Place of Adjournment, to examine, or proceed upon, the Poll; but privately, in a Tavern, he, and some of the Aldermen and Freemen, executed, as it is pretended, an Indenture: wherein it is alleged, that the said Mr. Loxvther was duly elected; and have caused him to be returned accordingly, though unjustly; and many other undue Practices were used, both before and at the said Election: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioner therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of James Bulteel Esquire, was presented to Tavistock the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner K,ccUoD* w as duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Tavistock, in the County of Devon; and an Indenture was executed by the Electors, and tendered to William Spry the Portreeve; but lie absolutely refused to receive the same, or to return the Petitioner, as he ought to have done; but he hath returned the Lord Edward Russell, in whose behalf several undue Practices were made use of to obtain Votes, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the House to put the Matters aforesaid, into Examination, and do therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Walsh Esquire, was presented to Worcester the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, was One of the Candidates for Knights of the Shire for the County of Worcester, at the late Election; where he had a Majority of legal Voters: But Sir John Packington, by giving Money and Entertainment to Voters, and other undue Practices, procured himsqlf to be returned^ in

prejudice

dlow

ection.

ewark on Trent ection.

fominster

lection.

t. Mawes lection.

3° Jantiaril.

(551

13 W. III.

prejudice to the Petitioner: And that the Sheriff was guilty of several irregular Practices; for that, on casting, up the Poll, the said Sir John appeared to have but asmall Majority of the Petitioner; yet the Sheriff denied a Scrutiny: And praying Relief in the Premised

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

returned the said Sir Joseph Tredenham, and Mr. Tiyden* ham, in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and in Wrong to the Petitioners, who had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be deferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the saine> with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A ^Petition of William Gower Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, Sir Tho. Pozvis, Franeis Herbert Esquire, and the Petitioner stood Candidates: But Mr. Herbert, and his Agents, by illegal Practices, and by corrupting and bribing the qualified Voters, did thereby procure himself to be returned, with Sir Thomas Powys, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Rayner Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, the Honourable James Saundcrson Esquire, Sir Matth. Jennison, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Sir Matthew Jennison, after the Teste of the Writ, by himself and Agents, in a publick Manner, did give and send Money to all the Publick-houses in the said Borough, t^nd caused all the Voters to be publickly entertained there, in order to procure himself, and Sir Geo. Markham, to be elected: By which, and many other undue Practices, the said Sir Matthew Jennison procured himself to be returned; though the Petitioner, setting aside the Votes unduly obtained by Sir Matthew, had the Majority of legal Electors: And praying Relief in the Premises, upon a notorious Breach of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Dutton Colt Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, Edward Harley Esquire, with divers other his Agents, did, by Menaces, and other unlawful Practices, procure divers of the Electors to vote for him; and, by the like Means, prevailed with others not to vote for the Petitioner: notwithstanding w'hich, the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes: Yet the Bailiff hath returned the said Mr. Harley, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying a short l)ay may be appointed to make out his said Allegations; and that he may be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to tho House.

A Petition of James Vernon senior, Esquire, and James Vernon junior, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and Sir Joseph Tredenham, and John Tredenham Esquire, stood Candidates at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the County of ConrwaU: That several qualified Voters did actually vote for the Petitioners, and others tendered their Votes; but w'ere disallowed by the Portreeve of the said Borough; and unqualified Persons were admitted tp vote for Sir Jos. and Mr. Tredenham; and several illegal Practices were used by the Portreeve, and others, who have Vol. 13.

A Petition of Jrnhes Graham Esquire, was presented to Appleby the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election* stood a Candidate at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland; and, upon a Poll, several legal Voters for the Petitioner w ere rejected; and several Persons, who had no Right to vote, were admitted, in the Poll, for Wharton Dunch Esquire, though objected against by the Petitioner; and, upon a just Scrutiny, the Petitioner had a great Majority of Mr. Dunch; and yet the Mayor of the said Borough hath returned Mr. Dunch as duly elected: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Ashburnham Esquire, was pre- Hasting# sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Election. Petitioner stood a Candidate for a Burgess for the Port of Hastings to serve in this Parliament; and had the Majority of qualified Voters: But John Mcrushner Esquire, by Bribes, Threats, and Promises, hath procured himself to be returned for the said Port, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Roger Hill Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, the Petitioner was duly chosen: But the Constables of the said Borough, who are the proper Officers there to take the Poll, have wrongfully returned John Drake Esquire, with the Lord Cheine: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of William Dunch Esquire, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, the Petitioner, William Jennens, Richard Hide, and Tho.

Renda, Esquires, stood Candidates; where the Petitioner was chosen by the Majority of legal Electors: But the Mayor of Wallingford hath falsely returned the said Mr.

Jennens and Mr. Renda; and the Mayor, and others, did use several illegal Practices, in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Pery Esquire, was presented to the shoreham House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner have- Election, ing served as One of the Burgesses for Shoreham, in Sussex, in all the Parliaments since the late Convention, except the last Parliament, he was sent for by the Inhabitants, and went down, and stood a Candidate at the last Election

there;

Wallingford

Election*

Agmonde*

shara

Election*

A ndover Election.

Mitchell

Election.

St. Ires

Election.

*5*

5° — g" JahuariL

if.170.-1.

there] and had a Majority of true Votes': But Tho. Ed-wanfr, Constable of the said Borough, by the corrupt Practices of NathanaelGould Esquire, hath unduly returned the said Mr. Gould, in Wrong to the Petitioner, and the said Inhabitants: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with dieir Opinion therein, to die House.

A Petition of Sir John Cope Knight, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, John Smith Esquire, the Petitioner, and Francis Shepherd Esquire, stood Candidates; and Mr. Smith, and the Petitioner, had the Majority of the Burgesses, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough, who have an undoubted Right to vote, and ought to have been returned: But Gabriel Goldney, the Bailiff' of the said Borough, perceiving the Petitioner had a Majority from Mr. Shep-heard of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, declared the Right of Election was in the Bailiff* and Burgesses only; and that Mr. Sheppard had the Majority of such; and hath returned him, with Mr. Smith, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: That several of the Burgesses were disfranchised, without any Cause shewn; and thereby, and by many other illegal and undue Practices, Mr. Shepherd obtained a Majority of such select Number: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to relieve the Petitioner therein, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Honourable Philip Bertie and Francis Painter Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, Sir Richard Vivian, and IVm. Courtney, stood Candidates; and the Majority of the qualified Voters were for the Petitioners: That Sir Richard Vivian being Portreeve of the said Borough, was not capable of standing a Candidate there; but he made Frederick Vincent his Deputy; who refused to poll several Persons that had a Right; and hath returned Sir Richard Vivian and Mr. Courtney, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges, and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Pitt Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Sir John Howies, James Praed Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and above Two hundred of the Inhabitants not receiving Alms, in whom the Right of Election hath been Time out of Mind, appeared for the Petitioner and Mr. Praed, and demanded of John Hicks the Mayor to poll for them: But he, contrary to the Determinations of the House of Commons in 1660, and 1661, of which he was acquainted, refused them; declaring the Right of Election was, by the late King James the Second's Charter, in the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, only, who are not above Sixteen Persons; and thereupon the said Hicks hath returned Sir John Hawles as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do Justice therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matfef thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Henley Esquire, was presented to the MilbnmPo: House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner stood tlectu0, a Candidate at the Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Milburn Port, in the County of Somerset; for which Place Sir Tho. Travcll was, and isj One of the capital Bailiffs, to whom the Precept for electing Members was, and ought to be directed; who* to give Colour, that himself might be elected, pretended to swear, and admit Guy White, and Snook, as his Deputy Bailiffs; though the sole Power of the said Office remained in Sir Tho. Traxell: That a great Number of qualified Persons voted for the Petitioner; but Sir Tho.t Traoell procured his Deputies to return himself, though incapable of being elected, by reason of his said Office, as advised: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 5* die Januarii;

13° Willielmi Tertii.

A PETITION of Thomas Vmer Esquire, was pre- Great sen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That Grini!b.v the Petitioner was elected a Burgess to serve in the Two last Parliaments for the Borough of Gi'eat Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln; and, being invited by the Mayor, and others, he stood a Candidate at the Election there for this Parliament; but, by Expences, Bribery, and other illegal Practices, of Arthur Moor Esquire, a Committeeman of the old East India Company, and JFiUiam Coats worth Esquire, a Member of the new, they procured to themselves, by a joint Interest, a Majority of Votes, and , are returned; to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner; and the endangering the Constitution of England, by exposing to Sale, in like manner, many of the Boroughs of this Kingdom to publick Companies, and joint Stocks:

And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and appoint a short Day for hearing the Matter of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Ireton Esquire, was presented to Cirencester the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitionertlecllwu stood Candidate to serve as a Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirenceste*', in the County of Gloucester; and a Majority of rightful Voters did declare for the Petitioner; but, by Treating, and other illegal Practices of Wm. Master and Cha. Cox Esquires, who also stood Candidates, or their Agents, and the Delay of the Bailiff of Cirencester in the Execution of the Precept, the said Mr. Master and Mr. Cox obtained a Return; although a Majority of rightful Voters declared for the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That King aphis Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended points to be by this House, this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, atattend<d* Kensington.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to the Efiglish Plan- Sending tations in America, was presented to the House, and read; Servants to

, . setting P1*~

CooooIp

idstone

cuon.

sstwithiell

fiction.

13 w. III.

5° Januarii.

6S?

setting forth, That many Abuses have been practised by Societies of ill Men, who, by Delusions and fair Promises, betray many of his Majesty's Subjects to go as Servants to the Plantations, that are not qualified to go as such; and others offer themselves to go thither, with Design to embroil, and get Money out of, the Persons concerned; whereby great Trouble and Charge often happens to Merchants, and Commanders of Ships: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill to prevent all evil Practices, in sending Persons to the English Plantations.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Yates, Mr. Johnson, Sir Hen. Peachy, Lord Rane-lagh, Lord Chic?ie, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Burridge, Lord Dysert, Sir Wm. Phippard, Mr. St. Loo, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Owen, Mr. Lozvther, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Wyld, Sir Hen. Pickci'ing, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Colchester, Sir John Phillips, Mr. WoodroJfe; and all that are Merchants of the House, or that serve for Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Colcpcppcr Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Maidstone, in the County of Kent, Sir Rob. Marsham, ThomasB/isseTLsqu\re, wv\d the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and, upon casting up the Poll, Sir Rob. Marsham had 506 Votes, Mr. Blisse 330, and the Petitioner 337; but Mr. Blisse, and his Friends and Agents, did, after the Teste Of the Writ, several times treat and bribe the Electors, and, in a tumultuous Manner, with Trumpets and Horsemen, rode about the Tow n, and broke open the Doors and Windows of some, and threatened and attempted to fire the Houses of others, of the Electors, w ho had declared in favour of the Petitioner; whereby they were terrified from voting for him; and divers that voted for Mr. Blisse, received Alms, or lived in Alms-houses, and w'ere unqualified to vote; so that the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, instead of Mr. Blisse: And praying that the House will make such Order in the Matter, as, upon hearing the Merits of the Election, shall be just.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| 120.

rp 11 r .1 \r C Sir Cha. Hot ham,

Tellers for the INoes, J Mr J 134‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, upon Tomorrow' Fortnight.

A Petition of Warwick Hazckcy Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leslie ith'uil, in the County of Cornwall, and ought to have been returned with Geo. Booth Esquire; but the Mayor, upon pretence that Sir John Molesuorth had an Equality with the Petitioner, hath returned Sir John Molesuorlh, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, That the House will appoint a short Day for hearing the Merits of the said Election.

Vol. is.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Havers Esquire, One of the She- Norwich riffs of the City of Noncich, wras presented to the House, Election, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Citizens to serve in this Parliament, a great Majority upon the Poll fell on Edward Clark Esquire, and Rob. Davy Esquire, had but one Vote more than Peter Thacker Esquire; which happened by Matthew Nall Esquire the other Sheriff's polling, contrary to Agreement; and by others, who had no Right to poll, and were excepted against; but Mr. Nall would not allow any to be struck out; whereupon a Scrutiny was demanded, the Books sealed up by Mr. Nall, the Petitioner and Mr. Thacker, and Persons appointed on either Side, to examine them:

That Nall, without the Consent of the Petitioner, or Mr.

Thacker, broke open the Books; and, the next Day, the Scrutineers met, and Mr. Davy's would not proceed on the Scrutiny; but desired Mr. Natl to declare Mr. Clark and Mr. Davy duly elected; which he did, and sealed an Indenture, and annexed it to the Writ for Election, and put the Petitioner's Name to the Indenture, without his Consent: Against which Proceedings the Petitioner, Mr.

Thacker and others protested; and then they examined the Poll Books; by which it appeared to the Petitioner,.

That Mr. Thacker had the legal Majority of Mr. Davy; and the Petitioner declared him and Mr. Clark duly elected; and sealed an Indenture for that Purpose, which he soon after tendered to Mr. Nall, to sign and seal, and annex to the Writ; which he refused to do; but privately sent the Writ, wdth his own Return only, to the Crown Office; which came theietheDay before the Petitioner could get thither: That the Petitioner tendered his said Indenture to the Clerk of the Crown; telling him, That the Writ was not, nor could be, duly returned, without his Concurrence; and desired to annex his said Indenture to the Writ, and left it with him; yet he hath certified only the Names of Edward Clark and Robert Davy to be returned, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, Mr., Thacker, and others, concerned in the Right of Election:

And praying, That the Matter may be examined, and the Petitioner relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House do appoint a Day for the Committee of Privileges and Elections to hear the Matter of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TellenferlheNoB,^;^ — ] i;«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition he heard before the said Committee, upon this Day Three Weeks.

A Petition of Peter Thacker Esquire, w as presented to Ditto* the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Noncich, and ought to have been returned with Edward Clark, Esquire; but Matt laze Nall Esquire,

One of the Sheriff's of the said City, hath returned Robert Davy Esquire, and annexed an Indenture to the Writ of Election: Against which Proceedings Mr. Havers, the ofher Sheriff protested, and signed another Indenture of Return for the Petitioner; but Nall refused to execute it, or annex it to the Writ; and sent the Writ, with his Return only, to the Clerk of the Crown; and Mr. Havers went ro London, on purpose to set the Matter right in the Crown 8 1) ' Office:

54

Office: But the Clerk of the Crown at first did refuse to accept of Mr. Haver's Indenture; and though he did afterwards receive it, yet he would not let Havers annex it to the Writ; nor has he taken Notice of it in his Certificate to the Clerk of this House, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and the Citizens of Norwich, who now have no Representative duly returned to this Parliament: And praying, That the House will take the Matter into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioner therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the sa*d Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that they do hear the same upon this Day Three Weeks.

Supply. The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into

Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech.

And the same was read:

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

' Morning, Nine a Clock.

1701.

of the said Borough gave Notice, on Wednesday the Nine' teenth of November last, to proceed to the Election of Members to serve in tins Parliament, on Saturday the 22(1 following; and did accordingly proceed to the Election; and hath returned Richar d Founds and John Banks Esquires; whereby the Petitioners are defeated of choosing their due Representatives, . if due Notice had been given pursuant to the Directions of the said Act: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Cockman, and others, Inhabitants AyUoij of the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, in Elecliw‘ behalf of themselves and other Householders in the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, the Majority of legal Voters appeared, and would have polled for Simon Mayne Esquire j but the Constables of the said Borough refused to poll them; and hath returned James Herbert Esquire, as One of their Representatives, in Wrong to Mr. Maine, and the Electors of the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections!

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

5* — 6° Jamtafii.

t.ime-negis

Election.

Itochester

Election.

Corf-Castle

Election.

Martis9 6° die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

A PETITION of Richard Hallett Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Limc-Regis, in the County of Dorset, John Burridge, Joseph Faice, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Freemen, and Freeholders, inhabiting within the said Borough: That, a few Days before the Election, Nath. Gundry Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, declared he would admit the Freeholders to vote; but finding several to come intending to vote for the Petitioner, he refused to let them vote, and declared Mr. Burridge and Mr. Faice duly elected; although the Petitioner would have had a Majority of legal Electors, from Mr. Paice, if the Mayor would have suffered them to poll; and he ought to have returned the Petitioner instead of Mr. Faice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Cage Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of Rochester, the Petitioner, Francis Barwell Esquire, and Captain Bockenham, stood Candidates; whereat Captain Bock-tnham, by Treating, Threatening, and Promises, obtained several, and deterred many from voting for the Petitioner; by which illegal Practices, James Hales Esquire was prevailed upon to return Captain Bockenham, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee; of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of divers Electors of the Borough of Corf-Castle, in the County of Dorset, on behalf of themselves, and others, Electors of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, contrary to the Act of Parliament for regulating Elections, the Mayor

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking the Accounts of the Kingdom: And that a Committee be appointed to- prepare, and bring ki, the same:

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Harcourt, v Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Coninsgby, Mr. Dormer, Mr. m

Burnaby, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Row. Gzcyn, Mr. St. John,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Comins,

Sir Jos. Jtkyll, Mr. King, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Moor, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Paice, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. t

Bromley, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Marks, Mr.

Joliffe, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Shrimpton, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Foley, Colonel Granvile, Sir John Bland, Mr. Winnimton,

Mr. Gwynn, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Coke,

Mr. Harvey; or any Three of them.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his Treaties^ Majesty had been pleased to command him to lay the Copies of several Treaties before the House: And he pre- EmpercU sented the same to the House accordingly; and the Titles thereof were read; which are as follow 5 viz.

A Copy of the Treaty between the King of Denmark and the States General, the 15th of June, 1701:

A Copy of the secret Articles of the Treaty with Denmark, the 15th of June 1701:

A Copy of the Treaty between the Emperor, his Majesty, and the States General, the 7th of September 1701:

A Copy of a Convention between the King, the King of Sweden, and the States General 260^t: 1701:

A Copy of the Treaty between the King and the States General, the 1 ith of November 1701:

And Translations of the same.

Which Copies and Translations are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he, with the Answer t9 I House, did Yesterday present their humble Address to Address, his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased thereupon, to^give a gracious Answer, as followeth;

Gentlemen,

I give you my hearty Thanks for this Address; which I look upon as a good Omen for this Session: The Unanimity with which it.passed, adds greatly to the Satisfaction

I receive

13 W. III. 6b — 70 Januarii. 7 655

I receive from it. So good a Step* at your First Entrance upon Business, cannot but raise the Hopes of all who wish well to England, and to the Common Cause.

I can desire no more of you than to proceed as you have begun; and I depend upon it: For, when I consider how chearfully and universally you concurred in this Address, I cannot doubt but every one of you will sincerely endeavour to make it effectual in all the Parts of it.

,ly. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, w ho should take the Chair of the Committee of the whole House;

And it being moved, That Mr. Conyers might take the Chair of the said Committee;

Resolved, That Mr. Conyers do take the Chair of the said Committee.

And then the House resolved itself again into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

12*8 Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

ich and regulate the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet: And cl that Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Dormer, and Mr. Byrch, do pre-50DS* pare, and bring in, the said Bill.

,r. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare,

and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, for the better providing for, and employing, the Poor of this Kingdom:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Jos* Jek'd I, hit.Clayton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Birch, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Offley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. Abney, Mr. Colchester, Sir Gods ' % cl) Copley, Mr. Lcrwther, Colonel Byci'ly, Sir Da. Molyneux, Sir Robei't Jenkinson, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Coke, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Moore, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. King, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Neville, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Topham, Mr. Master's, Mr. Brovilcy, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cur son, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Gee, Sir Rush. Cullen, Lord IVm. Powlet, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Yard, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. WardSir Eduard Seymour, Mr. Proby, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Blctgrave, Mr. Clark, Mr. Drake, Colonel Roll, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bridges* Sir Wm. York, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Yates, Serjeant Whitaker, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Cha. Bloys; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all that are Merchants: And they are to meet Tormorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of all the Laws in Being, relating to the Poor; and reduce the same into One Law.

minis- The House being acquainted, That Mr. Parkhutst afrd nets of Mr. Paschall, the Commissioners of Prizes, had perfected 2es* their Accounts of Prizes, according to the Scheme given them by the late Commissioners of Accounts, unless it be in some few Particulars; touching which, they would give their Reasons why they could not do the sain* i And W0L.13.

that they desired to lay their Accounts before the House* or otherwise to dispose them as the House shall think fit;

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Commissioners of Prizes be laid before this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Commis^ reviving the Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year £ of his Majesty's Reign, for. appointing Commissioners to 1 take, examine, and determine* the Debts due to the Army,

Navy* and for Transport Service; and also, an Account of the Prizes during the late War; and for making out Certificates for Debentures* touching the Irish Forr feitures: And that Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Farrcr dd prepare, and bring ill, the said Bill.

And then the HoUsd adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

— — ----- ----- --1 —: ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - — l — 4

MercUrii 7° die Januarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of divers Inhabitants of the Borough Hertfo-d of Hertford, in behalf of themselves* rind several Election; other Inhabitants of the said Borough* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Bbrough hath, Time out of Mind* sent Burgesses to Parliament, by Right of Prescription, long before any Charter tva$ granted; and that, by all their Charters, the Mayor and Aldermen are only impowered to make as many, as they shall think fitting, of the Inhabitants of the said" Borough or Parishes thereof, Burgesses or Freemen, and not above Three, in Being at a time, of the Inhabitants of the Parishes: Yet the Mayor and Aldermen, a little before the Parliament, holden 1° Jac. 2di> did arbitrarily make great Numbers of Persons, who were neither Inhabitants of the said Borough, or Parishes, Freemen, br free Burgesses; who being admitted to poll at that Election, and for the Parliament held \° Willielmi 8$ Maries, several of the now Petitioners petitioned the then House of Commons; complaining of the said Practices: Upon which, the then Mayor and Aldermen promising to forbear the like Practices for the future, if the Petitioners would; prosecute the said Petition, they desisted i But the late Mayor, and Majority of Aldermen, have made more such Freemen; and the now Mayor, at the last Election of Members for this present Parliament, did admit as many of such pretended Burgesses to poll, as offered themselves; by means whereof, though a greater Number of rightful Electors voted for William Munson Esquire* yet the Mayor hath unduly returned Richa?'d Gulston Esquire: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Freemen of the City of Co- Coventry ventry, on behalf of themselves, and the major Part of the Election. Freemen of the said City, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That the Freemen of the said City only have a Right to choose Members to Parliament; many of which*. denied and hindered from polling at the last Election* for Edward Hopkins and Henry Neal,

Esquires; and great Numbers, that were not Freemen, were admitted to poll for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery; and divers Mistakes were made in taking the Poll, which was occasioned by the Violence and unlawful Practices of Sir Chri Hales and MuGerys Party: notwithstanding which, Mr. Hoplcins and Mr. Neale were duly chosen, ana ought to have been returned; but the Sheriffs of the said City have made a double Return of Mr. Neal and Sir Chr. Ilales, with Mr. Hopkins: And praying, That a short Day may be appointed for hearing the Matters 12 aforesaid;

L»

656

7° yanuariu A. 1701.

Xortlmni*

liOrland

J-Ieclion.

Coventry

tltction.

SIOIHMS of

Prizes.

s>T]'lv-

aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report die same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of tlarti'amStote Esquire, was presented to the House, and read* setting forth. That, at the Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for die County of Northumberland, Sir Francis the Petitioner, and ffilliam Lorrain Esquire, stood Candidates;

and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, One of the Knights of the Shire for the said County; but many unqualified Persons were permitted to poll against the Petitioner; and, by the illegal Practices of Mr. Lorraine and his Agents, and also by the High Sheriff Mr. Lorraine is unduly returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Neale Esquire, was presented to the ' House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was, together with Edu ard Hopkins Esquire, duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of,

by a great Majority of the Freemen, who are the only Electors there; though he was opposed by Sir Chr. Hales and Thomas Gery Esquire, and their Party; who used many violent and illegal Practices; yet Air. Abraham Oxen and Mr. John Collins, the Sheriffs of the said City, have made a double Return of the Petitioner and Sir Chr. Hales, with Mr. Hopkins, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, That the House will appoint a speedy Day for hearing the Petitioners Case.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House being infornted, That the Commissioners of Prizes attended;

They w ere called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Accounts:

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read; and are as follow; viz.

Schemes, N* l. 2. 3.

An Account of the Disposal of the Money raised from the Sales of Prize Ships, in the Scheme Book, N* 2.

An Account of the Disposal of the Money raised from the Sale of Prize Goods, in the Scheme Book, N° 3.

N# 4.

Amendments to the Two Books of the Prizes delivered to the Parliament, N° 2. and 3.; with an intire Account of all the Effects which have come under the Cognizance of the Prize Office.

Abstracts of the Prize Accounts.

An Account how those Ships have been disposed of, which are not inserted in the Prize Accounts, and yet were condemned in the Admiralty Court

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tke Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Monday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to ti\i Majesty.

Resolved, Xaninc contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That

a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That whosoever shall advance, or lend into his Majesty's Exchequer, the' Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Eleet, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the First Aids to be granted this Session.

Resolved, That w hosoever shall advance, or lend into his Majesty's Exchequer, the further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for the Subsistence of Guards and Garisons, shall be repaid the same, with Interest at Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the First Aids to be granted this Session.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the State of the Office of Lord High Admiral of England do lay before Fleet, this House a State of the Fleet, and Condition of each respective Ship, and Place where they are.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before Naval Debt, this House a State of the Debt of the Navy, in all the respective Offices.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before Navy Re-this House an Estimate of what is necessary for the extra pair*. Repairs of the Navy.

Ordered, That an Account of the Debts of the Nation, unprovided for, both Principal and Interest, be laid before Debts, this House.

Ordered, That Two of the Trustees for the forfeited Irish Estates in Ireland do attend this House: And that Mr. Forfeiture*. Speaker do write to the Trustees accordingly.

And the Letter is as followeth; viz.

Gentlemen,

THE House of Commons have ordered Two of youf Number to attend them with all convenient Speed; and that they lay before the House several Particulars, which you will find expressed in their several Orders; which I have sent you herewith inclosed. This is all I have in Command from the House to acquaint you with.

I desire you will please to let me hear of your receiving this Letter. I am,

Gentlemen,

House of Commons, Your most humble Servant,

7 January 1701. Ho. , Speaker.

For the Honourable the Trustees for the forfeited Estates, in Dublin.

hsSe

bam.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do lay before this House a Copy of the Rent Roll of all the forfeited Estates, vested in them.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do also lay before this Houses particular Account of the Value of all the Claims allowed by the Trustees.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do also lay before this House a particular Account of the Value of all Claims, which are entered, and not yet determined.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do also lay before this House an Account of all Monies which have been received by their Order; distinguishing what is of personal Estate, and what wras for Rents.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do also lay before this House a particular Account of the Monies which have been received by their Order, and what remains unre-ceived; distinguishing what is for Arrears of Rent in the Hands of Tenants.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do also lay before this House art Account of the Charge, ordinary and extraordinary, of the Execution of the Act of Parliament by the said Trustees.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do also lay before this House a Table of the Fees which they have allowed their Officers to take.

And

01.

u

*‘IJ ! '1*

I.-

Brimber

Election.

Expiring

Laws.

13 W. III.

70 — 8° — p0 Jattuarii.

*S1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviSy8* die Anno 13* YVillielmi Tertii.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring iii a Bill fof Ease of the better Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Sheriffs. Offices, and passing their Accounts: And that Sir John Bollts and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

PltA VERS.

Woollen Mami factor*#.

A PETITION of the Serge and Worsted Weavers, and other Wool leu-weavers, living in or near the Tow n of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Making of the said Manufactures is the chief Trade of the said Town, and Places adjacent; employing many Thousand Persons; which Trade, of late Years, hassuf-

Veneris, 9*

Anno 13# Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That Mr. and Mr. Freeman be P°or.

added to the Committee appointed to prepare, and

. . , bring in, a Bill, or Bills, for the better providing for, and

fered very much by Persons tak.ng up the same who never empIoyin, the Poor of this Kingdom.

served Apprenticeships thereto, and made slight Commodities, and then are forced to sell them at an Under-rate, Ordered, That tio private Business be received after Private to the Disparagement of the said Manufactures, and the Ten a Clock. Business

Impoverishing of those who have served their Times to

the Trade: And praying, That the House will take some A Petition of Sir Charles Hedges was presented to the Caine Measures for the Support of the Weaving Trade, fcs may House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was Election, prevent the like Inconveniences. duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts, by the the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and con- legal and unbiassed Voters; yet it is pretended, that Ed-sider of the best Methods for regulating and improving ward Boynton Esquire had an equality of Voices with the

the same:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hysham, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Ash, Sir Edw. Sei/thour, Mr. Crow, Mr. Carter, Mr. Pitfield, Sir JFalter Yonge, Sir Bland, Mr.

Alitjord, Mr. Bold, Mr. Johnson, Mr. St outhouse, Lord Jnryn, Mr. Chaundler, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Gee, Mr. Woollaston, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Newton, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gauntlet, Colonel Lee, Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Blake, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Burrard, Sir Phil. Boteler, Sir fVnt.Ashurst, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Marks,

Sir lien.DuttonColt; and all for the Counties of Somerset,

Devon, Cormcall, Dorset, Wilts, Worcester, York, South-

Petitioner; which was obtained by undue Practices: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Caine, upon the said Petition, be hArd by the said Committee, with the Matter of the double Return for the said Borough.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given Security of ampton, Gloucester, Kent, Esser, and Suffolk: And they to bring in a Bill for a further Security of his Majesty's King'sPerwa are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant *"d Suc'

- 1 cession.

Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended

Speaker's Chamber: And are to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open be referred to the said Committee: And that they do exa- and secret Abettors: And that Sir Cha. Hedges and Mr. mine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their St. John do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of his Majesty's most King's A Petition o(Mn ^/// Esquire, tvas presented to the Spe«h be referred to the Committee of the

House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner tvas »h"!e '°use. »h° m 10 comlder of Supply granted duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament to "1S *aJesty*

for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussexj but John Jupp, the Constable, hath unduly retunied Thomas Owen Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner:

And praying; Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Laws expiring; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Bollcs, Sir Philip Boteler, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Burnaby, Sir Lord

Chenie, Mr. Brezeer, Mr. Thompson, Sir Cha. Bloys, Air.

Colchester, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Paice, Air. , Mr. Lowther, Mr. Price, Mr. Barrel/, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Storehouse, Sir Jo. Mordant, Mr. Pierpoint, Colonel Lee, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Coats-worth, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Birch, Mr. King, Mr. Foley, Mr. Haney, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Marks, Mr. Rowney; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 13.

The Translation of the Treaty between the King, the Treaty King of Denmark, and the States General; and the between Translation of the secret Articles of the Treaty with D*n"Ja.r.k . Denmark; were read; and are as follow; " 0 aD

The Translation of the Treaty between the King, the King of Denmark, and the States General, 15 June 1701.

BE it known unto All whom it may concern, That, since the Affaire of Europe are changed by the Death of the Catholick King, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Alightinesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on one Side, and his Majesty the King of Denmark, on the other, have maturely considered, That it would be of great Advantage for the Security of their Kingdoms and Provinces, That their ancient Friendship and Confidence should be established anew, so that there may be a perfect Union of Interest and Conveniency, and a confident Communication between them, in relation to all the Affairs that may happen in Europe; and that they may faithfully and mutually assist one another; and that, to that Purpose, a defensive Alliance should be agreed upon:

And his Majesty the King of Denmark being informed,

"8 E That

*58

9° januariti

A. 1701*

Treaty between Denmark and Holland.

That his Majesty, the King of Great , and the

States General, had sent Orders' to their Ministers, at his Court, to enter into Conference with the Ministers his Majesty shall please to name, to frame, such a defensive Alliance, has, in like manner, given Order to his Ministers; that is to say, to the Sieur Conrad Count of Lord of Frisemvalt, Loystrup, CaUoe, and

Knight, Privy Counsellor, and High Chancellor to the King of Denmark; the Sieur Siegf ried, of , Lord of Parin and Hoickendorffj Knight, Privy Counsel-

lor to his Majesty the King of Denmark', the Sieur Knudt Thott, Lord of Knudstrup and Gaunoe, Knight, Privy Counsellor, and one of the Commissioners of the Treasury to his Majesty the King of the Sieur

Christian de Lcnte, Lord of Knight, Privy

Counsellor, and First Secretary at War, to his Majesty the King of Denmark; and the Sieur Christian de

the North may be disturbed; or whereby a Third Party may be formed, either in the North, or in Germany, nor shall foment such Disturbances, upon the Pretence of being thereto engaged by former Treaties; but, on the contrary, his Majesty shall endeavour to prevent the Making of any such Treaties, pursuant to the Fourth Article of the aforesaid Alliance.

6.

His Majesty the King of Denmark doesexpressly stipulate Liberty of Commerce for his Subjects, in case a War happens, or Troubles arise; but, not being willing to sutler Strangers to commit Frauds, by making use of Danish Passports, it is agreed, That, immediately after the Signing of this Treaty, the Convention which was made in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-one, between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, on one Part; and his Majesty the King

the King of Great Britain at the King of Denmark's Court; and the Sieur Robert Goes, Lord Bouckherstbiirg, their High and Mightinesses Resident at the King of Denmark's Court; who, after divers Conferences, and after the Communication and Exchange of their full Powers, have agreed upon the Articles following;

1st

First Secretary, and Counsellor.of State, to his Majesty of Denmark, on the other: on the Subject of trading to the King.of Denniark; to enter into a Negotiation there- France; shall be examined, to the end that the said Con-u'pon with Hugh Grey Esquire, Resident of his Majesty vention may be altered as far as shall be necessary for the

*'k~ v: ----- ----- -- 1 > L. v. ----- r better Preventing of Frauds; And, till such an Alteration

shall be agreed, by common Consent, the said Convention shall be re-established in its first Force, and shall serve for a Law and Rule of the said Commerce.

7*

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, promise to pay to his Majesty the King of Den-The defensive Alliance made between his Majesty the mark a Subsidy of Three hundred thousand Crowns a Year; King of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General all the time the "War, or the Troubles, shall continue; of the United Provinces, on one Side, and his Majesty to he reckoned from the Signing of this present Treaty; the King of Denmark, on the other Side; the Third of and the Payment shall be made in good Bank Money at November One thousand Six hundred Ninety, and the Hamburgh, One Quarter of the Sum stipulated, every Third of December One thousand Six hundred Ninety- Three Months: And in case a War does not happen, six, shall remain in their full Force, and are confirmed and but that the present Dissentions should be composed by an renewed in all their Points and Clauses, unless what shall Agreement, and yet that the Forces of his Majesty the be changed by this present Treaty. King of Denmark should be actually on their March to-

2. wards the Frontiers of the States General, his Majesty

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States the King of Great Britain, and the States General, shall ' General, promise to pay, without any Abatement, De- pay, in that Case, Three Months of the Subsidy agreed fault, or Delay, the Sums stipulated by the abovesaid on, besides the Levy-money of the said Troops: And, Alliance of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety- if an Accommodation should be made after this Treaty is six, in good Money of Holland, at Amsterdam;one Half ratified, but before the actual March of the said Troops thereof as soon as the Troops mentioned in the Tenth towards the States Frontiers, his Majesty the King of Article of this Treaty shall begin to march towards the Denmark will be satisfied with a Years Subsidy, and a Frontiers of the States General; and the other Half Six Fourth-part of the sum agreed on for the Levies.

Months after; an exact Liquidation of which Sums shall 8.

be inserted at the End of this Treaty. His Majesty the King of Great Britain does likewise

3. promise, in particular, to pay to his Majesty the King of

And whereas it is of great Importance for the Merchants, Denmark what is yet due to him by virtue of the Con-

that the Sea should be free and safe, his Majesty the King vention of One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, as of Denmark promises to his Majesty the King of Great well for the Transporting of Seven thousand Men into Britain, and to the States General, That, for the Security Ireland, as in relation to what remains still due and payable of Commerce, in case a War happens, he will shut all the to the said Troops of their Pay, in case it shall appear, by Ports and Harbours of his Dominions against Privateers, an Account which shall be stated, that all has not been and Men of War, unless such Men of War corneas Con- paid them; And the Discount of the one and of the other voys to a Fleet of Merchant Ships; in which Case they shall be made within a Year after the Ratification of this shall have free Entrance into his Majesty's Ports and Treaty; and Payment shall thereupon be made, without Havens, but not when they shall convoy particular and any Delay, in the City of Hambourg. separate Vessels: And a Merchant Fleet shall not be re- 9.

puted such, unless when it is composed of Forty Ships, And, to take away every Stumbling-block, his Majesty or more; and it shall be sufficient, if it was of that Num- the King of Denmark is willing to wave all the Pretensions her when it passed the Height of the Port of Jutland: he might have upon the States General, on condition that

Nor is it necessary, that it should be so numerous when the States oblige themselves to pay, for his Majesty, the the Men of War shall come unto his Majesty's Ports; be- Sums that the Province 0 and the Town of

cause the Merchant Siiips, being arrived at the Height, Amstei'dam, claim from him; and to return to his Majesty steer towards the Sound, or disperse themselves into several the Obligation* which his late Majesty King Frederick the Ports of Norway: For the rest, Relation is to be had to Third, of glorious Memory, gave to the said Province, the Fourth secret Article of the Treaty of the Year One and the said City, thousand Six "uudred Ninety-six. _ 10.

4. His Majesty the King of Denmark promises to order His Majesty the King of Denmark shall not longer of- Three thousand Horse, a Thousand Dragoons, and

pose the Ninth Electorate; but he promises to conform Eight thousand Foot, of the Kingdom of Denmark, and himself to the Contents of the Third Article of the Treaty Country of Holstein, to march to the Assistance of his of 1G96, and Seventh secret Article of the same Treaty. Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General,

5. immediately after this Treaty is signed; which Troops His Majesty the King of Denmark shall not engage shall be mounted and armed as they ought to be, and

himself, nor enter into any Treaty, whereby the Peace of provided with proper Officers and Generals: The said 3 Troops

i3 W. lit

r.

Troops shall take an Oath of Fidelity to his Majesty the King of Denmark not being, obliged to supply the said King of Great Britain, and the States General, in the Forces with any thing but Bread and Forage.

13-

And, to make this Alliance and Union so much the more perfect; and not to leave any Scruple in the Parties, concerning the Certainty of the Succours they are to expect from one another, in the manner before agreed on;

same manner as the Seven thousand Men of the Danish

Troops did formerly to his Majesty of Great Britain,

when they entered into his Service: The granting of vacant Offices, and the Administration of Justice, shall be upon the same Foot as was practised in relation to the said Seven thousand Men: His Majesty the King of Great it js expressly covenanted, That, to make a Judgment

Britain, and the States General, shall pay, for the Levy - -....

Of the said Troops, Eighty Crowns for every Horseman,

Sixty Crowns for each Dragoon, and Thirty Crowns for each Foot Soldier; one Half of the said Money shall be paid as soon as the said Troops are actually marching towards the Frontiers of the States General, and the other Half when they are actually arrived at the said Frontiers:

The Pay and Entertainment of the said Troops shall be upon the saime Foot as the other Forces of the States General; that is to say, That of the Danish Guards, in case His Majesty shall think fit to send a Part of his Guards,

hereafter, whether this Alliance is to take place, or not, it shall be sufficient, that any of the Parties be actually assaulted by Force of Arms, without his having first used open Force against the Assailant: But this Article shall be applicable only to the Occasions that shall happen hereafter; for the present, Twelve Thousand Men shall march towards the Frontiers of the States General as soon as this Treaty shall be signed, as is mentioned in the Tenth Article.

14.

This Alliance shall continue the Space of Ten Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this

ais that of the States Generals Guards; and, of the other _ _ _ ___

ordinary DanishRegiments, as that of the other ordinary freaty.' ^nd the Alliance of One thousand0Six°hundred

Regiments of the States: The Payments shall be put into Ninety, and One thousand Six hundred Ninety-si the Hands of the Danish Commissaries, to be by them being renewed by this Treaty, shall remain in Force f< distributed, without any Abatement or Diminution; and —

six,

for

shall commence from the Day the said Troops shall begin their March towards the Frontiers of the States General: And if it shall be thought convenient to transport by Sea, towards the States Generals Countries, all the Troops that are to come from Denmark, or the Country of the same Term of Years.

*5-

The Emperor shall be invited to enter into this Alliance: And if the King of Pru, the House of Bourg, and that of Hesse-Cassell, shall desire to be com-

prised in it, the principal Contractors are at Liberty to

stein, or any Part ol them, such Transport shall be made consent to it, alter they have agreed among themselves of

at the Charges of his Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General; and it shall be lawful, in case of Necessity, to make use of the Ships of his Majesty the King of Denmark, or those of his Subjects, to render the suid Transport more easy and speedy: His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, may retain the said Forces in their Service as long as they think fit; and, when they have a mind to send them home, they shall give notice thereof to his Majesty the King of Denmark Three Months beforehand: In the mean time, if any Rupture or War shall happen, the said Troops shall, notwithstanding that, continue in the Service of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, as long as the War shall continue, unless his Majesty the King of Denmark shall be attacked in his Kingdoms and Territories, for having supplied them with the said Forces; in which Case his Majesty the King of Denmark reserves to himself the Right and Power of recalling them, as soon as he finds it necessary.

11.

In case that, by Misfortune, One or more Regiments

the Conditions upon which the said Potentates may be received into it.

16.

The Ratifications of this present Treaty shall be exchanged, at Copenhagen, in Six Weeks time, on the Side of his Majesty the King of Great Britain; and irf Four Weeks, on the Part of the States General; to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing this Treaty.

In Testimony whereof, we have signed this Treaty, and set thereto the Seals of our Arms. Done at hagen, the 15th of June, in the Year 1701.

H. Grey. (L. S.)

The Translation of the secret Articles of tire Treaty with Denmark.

1st.

IN case the Succours which his Majesty the King of Denmark has promised, in the Tenth Article of the Treaty concluded this Day, to send to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, should not be sufficient to put them out of Pain and Care, the

or Companies of the said Forces shall happen to be ruined, said Potentates shall give notice thereof to his Majesty

the King of Denmark, who promises to keep in Readines Four thousand Men, to be sent to their Assistance within Three Months after Demand is made, upon the same Conditions which are agreed on in the said Tenth Article of the Treaty concluded this Day; which is referred to, as to w hat concerns the Levy, the Pay, Recruits, and

his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, promise to pay, without any Delay, to the Colonels or Captains of the Regiments..... Companies, so ruined, the Levy-money necessary to restore them to the same Condition they were in before: And, at the End of the Campaign, the same Recruit Money shall be paid to the Danish Officers, as is paid to the other Officers of the Entertainment of the said Troops; and, as to the Man-States General; that so the said Forces may always be ner in which they are to be sent home, that shall be ob-preserved in a good Condition to be sent back some time served that is agreed on in . Twelfth Article of this or other, as complete as they were received. Treaty for the other Troops.

12. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States

In like manner the King of Great Britain, and the General, may act with these Four thousand Men, as States General, promise. That, if his Majesty the King also with the Twelve thousand Men mentioned in the

Tenth Article of this Treaty, in such Place, and against such Enemies, as they shall think fit; and they shall be

o f Denmark shall be attacked or troubled in the Possession . of his Kingdoms, Provinces, Lands, Prerogatives, Tolls,

Navigation, Commerce, or other Rights, they will speedily regularly paid, send back to him the said Forces, giving them One 2.

Month s Pay, to bear the Charges of their Return home- If'it should happen, that his Majesty the King of Den-wards; which Payment of a Month's Pay shall be made mark should be attacked by any Potentate on Occasion in like manner when, after the Peace, the said Forces shall of this defensive Alliance, or otherwise, and that the or-be sent home: And, besides that, they shall send to his dinary Succours stipulated in the secret Articles of the Majesty the King of Denmark the Succours, by Sea and Treaty of One thousand Six hundred Ninety should not Land, agreed on in the secret Articles of the Treaty of be sufficient to procure him a good and advantageous the Year 1690; which Succours they shall maintain during Peace, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the the War, at their own proper Charges; his Majesty the States General, promise to assist him with all their Forces, Vot.. 13. by

Treaty tween Denmark and Holland.

ie

66o

90 Januarii, - A. 1701.

Treaty between Denmark and Holland.

by Land, and by Sea; as his Majesty the King of Denmark will, in the like Case, assist his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, with all his Forces, by Sea and by Land.

3-

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, do likewise promise to do, by their good Offices, all that is possible, to the end that his Majesty the King of Denmark may lose nothing of the Pretensions he has of Money from the Crown of Spain; to the Intent that, by the Treaty of Peace, the Catholick King should be obliged to discharge the said Pretensions within a Time limited: And, in case a War or Rupture does not happen, they shall endeavour to have the Payment conditioned in any Treaty that they shall make with France or Spain.

4-

Moreover, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, promise to employ their good Offices with Care and Diligence, to the end that the Emperor may pay to his Majesty the King of Denmark a Million of Crowns, which are owing to him by the Emperor, and the Empire; or else, that his Majesty may have Satisfaction for that Debt in some sufficient Manner, either by a Grant of a Toll upon the Elbe, or otherwise: And, when he shall have received the said Satisfaction, he promises to assist the Emperor, in case of Need, with Three thousand Foot Soldiers, on the Condition agreed on in the Sixth Article of the Treaty made between the principal Contractors in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-six.

5-

Furthermore, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, promise to use their good Offices, with all possible Efficacy, to the end that the Duke of Holstein Gottorp may conform himself to the Treaty of Travcndal, and observe the true and natural Sense of it; and that his Highness may maintain good Friendship and Confidence with his Majesty the King of ;to

take away all sort of Jealousy, while his Majesty sends 60 considerable a Number of his Troops out of his own Dominions.

6.

The principal Contractors shall employ their good Offices, that the Peace in the Empire may entirely be preserved.

His Majesty the King of Denmark having declared to his Majesty the King of Grea Britain, and the States General, That he is in Treaty with the Emperor for some Troops that his Imperial Majesty has demanded of his Danish Majesty; and that his Danish Majesty has not Troops enough to give the Emperor the Number he requires, unless his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, will, by Way of Provision, leave to the Emperor Two thousand Men of the Twelve thousand mentioned in the Tenth Article of this Treaty; his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, have declared, That they are content, that the Emperor should have the Two thousand Men of the Twelve thousand mentioned in the Tenth Article aforesaid: And his Majesty the King of Denmark promises to make good to his Britannick Majesty, and the States General, the said

Two thousand Men in Six Months Time after the Signing of this Treaty.

8.

Although it is said in the Third Article of this Treaty, That a Fleet of Merchant-men shall not betaken for such, unless it shall consist of Forty Merchant Ships, or up-w ards; the King of Denmark docs declare, That, as the English cannot, in that manner, trade freely, and in Safety, in-his Dominions, and in the Sea, his Majesty will

permit their Ships of War, at all times, to enter into his Ports, when they come to convoy, inwards oroutwards, such a Number of Merchant Ships as they shall think fit

p.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States

General promise, That they will, before the Ratification

of this Treaty, agree with his Majesty the King of Denmark about such Assurances, for the Security of the Payments, as his Majesty may be satisfied with.

10.

In case Things should come to a War, his Majesty, the King of Denmark shall not be obliged to enter into it; but shall be reputed to have made good this Alliance, in sending the Succours of Sixteen thousand Men mentioned in the Tenth Article, and First Secret Article; and, for the rest, putting in Execution the Contents of this Treaty.

Done at Copenhagen this 15th June 1701.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaty be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

The Translation of the Treaty between the Emperor, xreaty his Majesty, and the States General, was read; and with the is as followeth; Viz. Emperor.

WHEREAS Charles the Second, King of Spain, of most glorious Memory, being not long since dead without Issue, his Sacred Imperial Majesty has claimed the Succession in the Kingdoms and Provinces of the deceased King, as lawfully belonging to his August Family; but the most Christian King, aiming at the same Succession, for his Grandson the Duke of Anjeu, and pretending a Right did accrue to him by a certain Will of the deceased King, has usurped the Possession of the intire Inheritance, or Spanish Monarchy, for the aforesaid Duke of Anjeu; and invaded, by his Anns, the Provinces of the Spanish Low Countries, and the Duchy of Milan; has a Fleet ready fitted in the Port of Cadiz; has sent several Ships of War to the Spanish West Indies; and by this, and

many other Ways, the Kingdoms of France and Spain are so closely united and cemented, that they may seem henceforward not to be otherwise considered than as one and the same Kingdom; so that it sufficiently appears, unless timely Care be taken, that his Imperial Majesty will be destitute of all Hopes of ever receiving Satisfaction in his Pretension; the Sacred Roman Empire will lose it*

Rights in the Fiefs belonging to it in Italy, and the Spanish Netherlands', the free Intercourse of Navigation and Commerce, which the English and Dutch have into the Medi-ten'anean, the Indies, and other Places, will be utterly' destroyed; and the United Provinces will be deprived of the Security which they enjoyed by the Provinces of the Spanish Netherlands lying between them and the French, which is commonly called a Barrier; lastly, that the French and Spaniards, being thus united, will, in a short time, become so formidable to all, that they may easily assume to themselves the Dominion over all Europe; and therefore, by this Way of Proceeding of the most Christian King, his Imperial Majesty was brought under a Necessity of sending an Army into Italy, for the Preservation as well of his own private Interests, as the Fiefs of the Empire; the King of Great Britain has thought it requisite to send his Forces to the Assistance of the States General, whose Affairs are in the same Condition as if they were actually invaded; and the said States, whose Frontiers lie, in a manner, exposed on all Sides, by the Breaking, and Taking away, of the Fence, commonly called a Barrier, which screened them from the Neighbourhood of the French, are forced to do all those things for the Safety and Defence of their Commonwealth, which they should and could do, if they were in a War: And whereas- so dubious a Posture of their Affairs is more dangerous than a War itself; and that France and take Advantage of this State of their Affairs, to make a stronger and firmer Union between themselves for oppressing the Liberty of Europe, and taking away the Freedom of Commerce: These Reasons inducing his Sacred Imperial Majesty, his Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the High and Mighty the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, to obviate so great Evils as might arise from thence; and desiring, as much as lies in their Power, to apply Remedies thereto; have thought a strict Con- . junction and Alliance between themselves necessary for

i W. IlL t)6 Januarii.

repelling the Greatness of the common Danger: And, M this End, have given Orders and Instructions; that is to say, His Sacred Imperial Majesty to the most Noble, most Illustrious, and most Excellent Lords, the Lord Peter Count of Goessen, Count of the Sacred Roman Empire,

Lord of Carlsberg, of the Bedchamber to his Sacred Im-

perial Majesty, Counsellor of the Imperial Court, and Envoy Extraordinary to the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United and the Lord

John Wcnceslau Count of JV of Mitrowitz, Count

of the Sacred Roman Empire, Lord of and Mal-

lexhit z, of the Bedchamber to his Sacred Royil Majesty of the Romans and Hungary, Counsellor and Assessor of the Privy Chancery of the Court of , and his Sacred

Imperial Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary to the most Serene King of Great Britain;his Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries; his Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, the most Noble, most Illustrious, and most Ex-tellent Lord, the Lord John Earl of , Baron

Churchill o(Sandridge, of his Sacred Royal Majesty's Privy Council, General of the Foot, and Commander in Chief of his said Sacred Royal Majesty's Forces in the Countries, his Ambassador Extraordinary, Commissary, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary; and the Lords the States General, the Lords DidcricPick de Pantaleon, Lord of Gent

and Erlekum;Frederick Baron of Rhede, Lord of

of the District of St. Antony and Ter-Lee, Commander of Bury and of Nobles, and of the Order of Knighthood of Holland and IVcstjricsLaid;Antony Heinsius, Counsellor

and Pensionary of the Lords the States of Holland and Westj'ricsland, Keeper of the Great Seal, and President of the Fiefs; lVilliamofNassau, LordoiOd/jck Cortgene.kc.

First Noble and representing the Order of the Nobility, in the Assembly of the Lords the States of Zealand, and of their Deputies; Everhard de H cede. Lord of ll'eedc, Dykx'clt, Ratt les, See. Lord of the Soil of the City of water. Dean of the Chapter ol St.Mary sat Utrecht, Prime Counsellor and President of the Assembly of the Province Of Utrecht, Prefect and Judge of the Banks of the River Leek; Willunn Van Haren, Steward of the County of

Bitten in Friesland, Chancellor of the I'niversity of netjuer. Deputy of the Nobility in the Assembly of the . Lords the States of Friesland;Burchard in Bad. horstand Molckatc, Lord in and,

Lord Lieutenant of the County o and B icker

Bickers, Senator of the City of Groningen, Deputies respectively of the Lords of the States ol Holland

und IVesiJriesland, Zeeland, I 'trFriesland,

and Groningen and the Omlands, to the Assembly of the Lords of the States General of the United Provinces, who by virtue of the Powers to them given, have agreed to the following Articles of Alliance:

i.

There shall be and continue between his Sacred Imperial Majesty, his Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Bri-tnine, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, a constant, perpetual, and inviolable Friendship and Correspondence; and either Party shall be obliged to promote the Advantages of the other, and prevent all Inconveniencies and Damages that might happen to them, as far as lies in their Power.

2.

Ill's Sacred Imperial Majesty, his Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, desiring nothing more earnestly than the Peace and general Quiet of all Europe, have judged, that nothing can be more effectual for the Establishment thereof, than the procuring an equitable and reasonable Satisfaction to his Imperial Majesty, for his Pretension to the Spanish Succession; and that the King of Great Britain, and the States General, may obtain a particular and sufficient Security for their Kingdoms, Provinces, and Dominions, and for the Navigation and Commerce of their Subjects.

3-

The Confederates therefore shall, in the First Place, use their utmost Endeavours to obtain, by amicable Means, and a solid and firm Agreement, an equitable and rea-Vol. 13.

soriable Satisfaction for his Imperial Majesty, oh account Treaty with of the aforesaid Succession; and the Security before- llie Emperor, mentioned to his Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces; and the Confederates shall, to that Purpose, employ Two Months time, with all Earnestness, and without Interruption, to be reckoned from the Day that the Instruments of Ratification shall be exchanged.

4*

But if, contrary to their Expectations and Wishes, Matters cannot be transacted in the Manner aforesaid, within the Tima limited, the Confederates do engage and promise to one another, That they will assist one another with

7 y

ail their Forces, according to a Specification to be agreed upon in a peculiar Convention to that Purpose; that so they mayattain the Satisfaction and Security before-mentioned.

5-

The Confederates, in order to the procuring the Satisfaction and Security aforesaid, shall, amongst other Things, use their utmost Endeavours to recover the Provinces of the Spanish Low Countries, that they may be a Fence and Rampart, commonly called a Barrier, separating and distancing France from the United Provinces, for the Security of the States General, as they have served in all Times, until of late that the most Christian King has seized them by his Forces; as likewise the Duchy of Milan, with its Dependencies, as a Fief of the Empire, and contributing to the Security of his Imperial Majesty's hereditary Countries; besides the Kingdoms af Naples and Sicily, and the Lands and Islands upon the Coasts of Tuscany, in the Mediterranean, that belong to the Spanish Dominions, and may serve to the same Purpose, and will also be of Advantage to the Navigation and Commerce of the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, and of the United Provinces.

6.

It shall be lawful for his Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General, by common Advice, and for the Benefit and Enlargement of the Navigation and Commerce of their Subjects, to seize, by their Forces, what Lands and Cities they can, belonging to the Spanish Dominions, in the In; and whatsoever they shall so take, shall be their own.

7-

In case the Confederates, Necessity requiring it, shall be forced to enter into a War, for obtaining the Satisfaction aforesaid for his Imperial Majesty, and the Security of his Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General,-they shall faithfully communicate their Designs to one another, as well in relation to the Actions of the War, as all other Things where the common Cause is concerned.

8.

It shall not be permitted to either Party, when the War is once begun, to treat of Peace with the Enemy, unless jointly, and with the common Advices of the other Parties; and no Peace shall be made, unless an equitable and reasonable Satisfaction for his Imperial Majesty, and the particular Security of the Kingdoms, Provinces, Dominions, Navigation, and Commerce for his Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, be first obtained; and unless Care be taken, by fitting Security, that the Kingdoms of France and Spain shall never come, and be united under the same Government, nor that one and the same Person shall be King of both Kingdoms; and, particularly, that the French shall never get into the Possession of the Spanish Indies; neither shall they be permitted to sail thither, on the Account of Traffick, directly or indirectly, on any Pretence whatsoever; and lastly, unless full Liberty be granted to the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, and the States General, to exercise and enjoy all the same Privileges, Rights, Immunities, and Eranchises of Commerce, by Sea and Land, in Spain, the Mediterranean, and in all Lands and Places which the King of Spain, last deceased, did possess, at the time of his Death, as w ell in Europe as elsewhere, which they used and enjoyed, or which the Subjects of both or either of them, by any Right acquired by Treaties, Agreements,

8 F Customs,

Convention

withSweden.

662 90 Jantiarii.

Customs, or any other Way whatsoever, might have used and enjoyed before the Death of the late King of Spain. 9-.

At the same time that the said Agreement or Peace shall be made, the Confederates shall agree amongst themselves, about all the Things that they shall think necessary, for maintaining the Navigation and Commerce of the Subjects of his Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, in the Lands and Dominions they may acquire, and that were possessed by the last deceased King of Spain; and also in what manner the States General may be secured by the aforesaid Fence or Barrier.

10.

And, because Controversies may arise, on account of Religion, in the Places which the Confederates, as it is hoped, may acquire by their Arms, they shall agree among themselves, concerning the Exercise of it, at the same Time, as is mentioned in the foregoing. Article.

11.

The Confederates shall be obliged to assist and succour one another with all their Forces, against an Aggressor, if the most Christian King, or any one else, shall think fit to invade any one of the Confederates on the account of this Alliance.

12.

But if any Agreement can now be made, concerning the Satisfaction and Security so often mentioned; or if, after a War entered into by Necessity, Peace shall be again restored; there shall, after such an Agreement, or Peace concluded, be, and always continue, between the contracting Parties, a defensive Alliance for the Maintenance of the said Agreement or Peace.

13*

All Kings, Princes, and States, that please, and who have a Concern for the general Peace, shall be admitted into the Society of this Alliance: But, because it is the peculiar Interest of the Sacred Roman Empire, that the publick Quiet should be preserved; and the Recovery of the Fiefs of the Empire being, among other Things, the Subject nowin hand; the said Empire shall, in a special manner, be invited into the Society of this Alliance: It shall, moreover, be lawful for the Confederates jointly, or any of them separately, to desire whomsoever they shall think fit, to be an Accessary to this Alliance.

14.

This Treaty shall be ratified, by all the Confederates, within the Space of Si* Weeks; or sooner, if it may be done.

In Witness whereof, we, the above-named Plenipotentiaries, have firmed this present Treaty with our Hands and Seals, at the Hague, the 7th Day of September 1701.

' (L. S.) MARLBOROUGH.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaty be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

The Translation of a Convention between the King,

the King of Sweden, and the States General,

O 7 7 t> October

1701, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

HIS Sacred Royal Majesty of Sweden being at this time actually engaged in a War; and the Affairs of his Royal Sacred Majesty of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, being in such Circumstances that they hourly expect a War, and are forced to be at the same Charges, and bear the same Burdens, as if they were engaged in a War; have thought it advisable to agree to the following Articles:

1st,

The Treaties which have been formerly concluded between their Royal Majesties aforesaid, and the States General, shall be faithfully executed, and are hereby confirmed.

2.

To this Purpose his Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, shall, without Delay, pay to his Royal Majesty of Sweden Two hundred thousand Impe-6

rial Dollars; to be accounted as Part of the Succours lie may demand of them by virtue of the Treaties between them.

o

The States General will l^e responsible for the Sum of Three hundred thousand Crowns, winch the King of .&«<(.?* shall borrow upon good and sufficient Security, according to an Obligation which shall be further settled.

4.

The above-mentioned Kings, and the States General, shall forthwith name and appoint Commissaries, who shall agree in what manner the Confederates may assist one another, in case the War, which the King of Sweden is engaged in, should continue; and in case the King of Great Britain, and the States General, should be involved in a War; and in what manner they may most strongly unite themselves, as the present Circumstances of Time and Affairs shall require.

5-

In the mean time the Confederates shall not treat and conclude any Thing with any one whatsoever, that in.iy be contrary to the Treaties made between them formerly, or that may be prejudicial to any of the Allies.

t).

This Convention shall be ratified by every one of the Confederates; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged here at the Hague within the Space of Six Weeks; or sooner, if it may be.

In Witness whereof the underwritten Ambassadors, and Plenipotentiaries and Deputies, have signed this Convention. Done at the Hague the H01*

(L. S.) Marlborough.

(L. S.) N. Lilliercot, (LS.) Johan Beeler,

(L.S.) D. V. Eclc V. Pant. (L.S.) DclVeede,

H. V. Gent, (L.S.) IV. Harreti,

(L.S.) F.B. de Recde, (L.S.) B.JJVJVelvchle,

(L. S.) A. Hcinsius, (L. S.) Jo. Wickers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaty be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

The Translation of the Treaty between the King and Treaty titfc the States General, 11 tli November 1701, was read; HuiUd. and is as followeth; viz.

THE King of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, having made a mature and serious Reflection upon the great Alteration happened in Europe by the deplorable Death of the late King of Spain, of glorious Memory, have considered, That thereby the most Christian King, having made himself Master of the whole Succession of Spain, in favour of his Grandson the Duke of Aijcit, was, by that Means, grown so formidable, that, according to the unanimous Consent cf all the World, Europe is in imminent Danger of losing its Liberty, and of suffering the Yoke of an universal Monarchy: And as the said Potentates desire nothing more than to prevent those great Mischiefs, by a Peace that may be secure, general, and of Continuance; and that they believe this cannot be done but by strict Alliances, and a more than ordinary Concurrence of other Princes and Potentates; they have, to that Purpose, thought fit to make a firm and solid Alliance with his Imperial Majesty, and to invite other Princes and States to come into it: But being persuaded that all imaginable Endeavours will not fail to be used to render the said Alliance ineffectual, either before or alter a Peace is made; and that, amongst many Methods, none would be more certain than to separate the said King of Great Britain from the said States General; or to put either of them out of a Condition to act, either by the Loss of their Commerce, or the Unsafeness of their Condition; to which the Combination of the Kingdoms of France and Spain, and the seizing upon the Spanish Low Countries, would infallibly contribute; they found themselves obliged to unite together as firmly as humanly as possible, and to agree upon the necessary Means of putting themselves in a Posture of having always au Lye to

____

c/ Janua.

663

13 W. III.

the common Liberty of Europe, to the Preservation of their Commerce, and of their own particular Safety; and to take from their Neighbours all Hope of being able ever to separate them, or make them useless to the Publick: To which End the said King of Great Britain has given his full Powers to John Earl of Marlborough, Baron Churchill of Sandridge, of his Majesty s Privy Council, General of his Foot, Commander in Chief of his Forces in the Low Countries, and his Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary; and the said Lords the States General, to the Sieurs Christian Charles Baron de Lintelo, Lord of Elise; Frederick Baron de Rcede, Lord of Lie?', St. Antony, and Ter lee, of the Order of the Nobility of the Province of Holland and Westjriesland, Keeper of the Great Seal, and Superintend ant of the Fiefs of the said Province; William de Nassau, Lord of Odijck, Cortgene, &c. First Nobleman, and representing the Nobility, in the States and Council of Zeeland: Everhard de JVcede, Lord of IVecde, Dykevelf, Rattles, &c. Lord of the Manor of the City of Oudewater. Dean and Rector of the Imperial Chapter of St. Mary sat Utrecht, Dykgraaf of the River Rhine in the Province of Utrecht, and President of the States in the same Province; William Van Here??, Grietman of Bilt, Deputy from the Nobility in the States of Friseland, and Curator of the University of Francquer; Bur chard Juste de Welvelde a Burckhurst and Molekate, Lord of Zallick and Vckate, Drossart of Isselmudtn, and Wicker Wickers, Senator of the City of Groningen; respectively deputed to the Assembly of the said Lords the States General, by the Provinces ot Guelder land, Holland and Westfriesland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Frise/a?id, Overyssell, and Groningen and (Jmtande; Deputies and Plenipotentiaries of the1 said Lords the States General: Who have agreed in manner following;

1.

In the First Place, the defensive and perpetual Alliance made between King Charles the Second, of glorious Memory, and the said States General, the Third of March One thousand Six hundred Seventy shall be renewed and confirmed by this Alliance, in all its Forms, as if it were here inserted; and shall hereafter be inviolably executed on both Sides.

2.

And whereas the said High Confederates have mutually promised, in the Third Article of the said Alliance, to warrant, each of them separately, all the Treaties that they had made, to that Time, with other Kings, Princes, and States, and which they might after that make; they shall warrant particularly the Treaties that the said Confederates have made with the most Christian King, at Ryszcick, the Twentieth September One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, and which they shall make hereafter by Concert one with another.

3-.

And to avoid all sorts of Disputes, where the Alliance takes place, Regard shall always be had more to the essential or material, than the formal Part, for the Preservation and Defence of any of the Parties.

4.

And, consequently, it shall be reputed a Case within this Treaty, not only if any of the Allies shall be attacked; but also if any Neighbour of the Parties does make Preparations to attack or threaten any one of the Allies, either by extraordinary Levy of Troops, Fitting out of Ships of War, or otherwise in any manner whatsoever; provided any one of the said Allies be obliged, out of a just Fear, to put himself into Arms.

5.

Anc^ since particular Care has been taken, in the said Alliance made with the Emperor, for recovering the said Spanish Low Countries out of the Hands of the most Christian King; and that, besides that the principal Interest of the Allies consists in the Preservation of the Liberty of Europe, as is above-mentioned, the Treaty made by the said Confederates with his Imperial Majesty, the Seventh of September last, shall be truly and faithfully Vo l. 13.

executed: And both of them shall be Guarands of the same; and they shall use their Endeavours to confirm it, and to render it stronger, from Time to Time.

6.

And whereas the Security of the said High Allies Consists particularly in this, That the said Spanish Low Countries, and the nearest to their Estates, should not remain in the Hands of the most Christian King; or that he should be, directly or indirectly, Master of them, as at present he is; they likewise engage themselves, in a special Manner, to assist one another, with all their Forces, for the said Recovery: And, after they are recovered, it shall be alw ays considered as a Case that falls within this Treaty, whenever the most Christian King shall endeavour, directly or indirectly, to lay his Hands upon them, or shall make Preparations to seize upon them, or shall send thither his Forces: And the same Thing shall be done, in case the said most Christian King should attempt to get into his Hands any Lands belonging to the said King of Great Britain, or the said States General; or that he should make Preparations to invade them, or to send thither his Forces.

7.

In case the said High Allies fall jointly into a War, either upon Occasion of the defensive Alliance, or by virtue of that which is above-mentioned in the Fifth Article, orl'or other Reasons and Motives; there shall be between them an Alliance offensive and defensive against those with whom they are in War; and they shall thereto employ all their Forces, as well by Sea as by Land; and shall act jointly or separately, according to the Agreement that they shall make among themselves.

8.

And, that all Things may be directed to the End proposed, the same High Confederates shall make a Specification of the Forces by Sea, and by Land, by a separate Agreement

9*

When the War is begun, they are to act by Concert, according to the Seventh and Eighth Articles of the said Treaty of the Third of March in the Year One thousand Six hundred Seventy and no Negotiation shall be set on foot, nor any Peace, Truce, or Suspension of Arms to be made, but pursuant to the Ninth and Tenth Articles of the said Treaty.

10.

In making the Peace, particular Care shall be had of the Commerce and Traffick of the Two Nations; as likewise of their Safety, as well in relation to the Spanish Netherlands, as the neighbouring Countries.

11.

As to Sea Affairs, they shall govern themselves, in Case of a W ar, provisionally; and, until some other Disposition is agreed on, according to the Treaty made at Whitehall the Twenty-ninth of April One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, which shall be looked upon, to that Purpose, as renewed and inserted in this Alliance, as far as it shall be applicable to the present Constitution of Affairs, and particularly in relation to Prizes, the Proportion of Ships of War, the Council of War, and what depends, thereupon.

12.

As to what concerns Ships retaken, the Treaty that was made between the said High Allies the Twenty-second October One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, shall be in force as if it were newly made.

l3-

This Alliance shall be perpetual, as that of the Year One thousand Six hundred Seventy above-mentioned is; and shall be looked upon as a Part of it, so far as it may be applied to future Occasions.

14'

The Ratifications of this Alliance shall be exchanged, on both aides, in Three Weeks Time, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing thereof.

In

Treaty with Holland.

664

io

In Witness whereof the said Ambassador of his said Majesty, and the Deputies of the said States General, have signed these Presents, and caused the Seals of theii4 Arms to be set thereto. At the Hague, the nth of November in the Year 1701.

(L. S.) Marlborough.

(L. S.) C. B. V. Lintelo, (L. S.) E. de Weed*,

(L. S.) F. B. de Reede, (L. S.) W. V. Harm,

(L. S.) A. Heinsius, (L. S.) B. J. V. Welvcldef

(L. S.) W. de Nassau, (L. S.) TV. Wickms.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaty be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Quotas of the Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he

Allies. was directed by his Majesty to lay before this House the Quotas agreed to be furnished by his Majesty, the Emperor, and the States General, in pursuance of the Treaties laid before the Houses And he presented the same to the House: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In relation to the Quotas that are to be furnished by his Majesty, the Emperor, and the States General, for making good their Alliances; it was agreed,

That the Emperor should furnish Ninety thousand Men, to act against France; consisting of Sixty-six thousand Foot, and Twenty-four thousand Horse and Dragoons, not reckoning the rest of his Troops that will remain in Hungary, or other Parts of the Emperor s hereditary Countries.

The States are to furnish One hundred and Two thousand Men; consisting of Eighty-two thousand Foot, and Twenty thousand Horse and Dragoons.

The Quota promised for England is Forty thousand Men; consisting of Thirty-three thousand Foot, and Seven thousand Horse and Dragoons, which are to act in Conjunction with the Troops of the Allies.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Quotas be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty. Supply. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Januarii;

1 «» \

Januhrii. 170L

Bailiff of the said Borough hath returned Mr. Harvey, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

fa5

V*

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other the most sub- wooBn stantial Inhabitants, of the Towns and Parishes of Milver- Manuk. ton, Wellington, and Places adjacent, within the County tum* of Softnerset, as well in the behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds more of the like Capacity, and of the Serge-weavers and Worsted-weavers in those Parts, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Weaving of Serges, and Worsted Stuffs, is the principal Trade in those Parts, and employs most of their meaner sort of People, who formerly got a Livelihood thereby; but the great Discredit brought upon the said Trade, by young and poor People taking up the same, has rendered it a Grievance, they not having served their Apprenticeships thereto; ^nd, by their Unskilfulness, their Masters are forced to put them out to Work; and then they, and( their numerous Families, become chargeable to their several Parishes: And praying, That the House will take their said Grievances into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

jjfr

P[]

ft.

fc!

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, and chief RvelUriwi Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Rye Harbour is the only Harbour for Ships that the English have upon the Coast of Kent and Sussex, from the Dawns to Portsmouth; and it lies very convenient for Ships that sail from East to West, and over-against Diep, and other considerable Ports of France; and, for a small Charge, may be made so as to hinder French Ships and Privateers from infesting that Coast: That the Tide used to flow from the said Harbour, up the River Rather, Twenty-four Miles; whereby, and by the Reflux thereof, the Harbour was kept open, and the Town of Rye had a considerable Trade with its neighbouring Towns, by the said Navigation of the River Rother; but of late Years, several Persons have inned several Acres of Land which belonged to the said Harbour, and have built Flood-gates, and made Cross-walls, which hinder the Tide from flowing and reflowing up the River Rother; w'hereby the Slubb is stopped in the Harbour, so that now there is not above Three Fathom at low Water, w'here there used to be Seven Fathom; and thereby the said Harbour grows worse every Year, so that in few Years a Ship of Burden will not be able to come in there, unless the said Flood-gates and Cross-w'alls be taken away: And praying, That some Course may be taken for restoring the said Harbour to its ancient Goodness, for the Benefit of the Nation, so that it may not be totally lost

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Harbour of Rye, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Offtey, Mr. Hayes, and Mr. Fagg, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Anno 13° Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ilygate A PETITION of Edward Thurland Esquire, was Election. JTx. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner w as duly chosen, and ought to have been returned, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, with Sir John Parsons, for the Borough of Rygate, in the County of Surry; but, by Threats, Promises, and many undue Means* many Persons were prevailed upon to vote for Stephen Harvey Esquire, and many were permitted to poll for him, that had nou Right; and the

Ordered, That Doctor Smaldridge be desired to preach Dr.Smal-before this House, at St. Margarett's, Westminster, upon the Thirtieth Day of January instant; and that Mr. Bertie and Sir John Bolls do acquaint him therewith.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to Attaint^ the House a Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales: And the same was rk^ived.

The Bill was read the First time.

.Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr.

13 W. lit to' — ia" Januarii. 665

nmis- Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the iei s of House a Rill for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled*

:°uuts. ^C| for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army and Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War: And the same ' was received.

The Rill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Iress to Resolved, Nemine contradieente, That an humble Ad-

st on lie- dress be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gra-^mich^ ciously Phased to take care, that it be an Article in the ling the several Treaties of Alliance with his Majesty, and other tender. Potentates* That no Peace shall be made with France, until his Majesty, and the Nation, have Reparation for the great Indignity offered by the French King, in owning and declaring the pretended Prince of Wales King of England, Scotland, and Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

iply# Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his. Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proportion of Land Forces to act, in conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, for making good the Alliances, be Forty thousand Men, consisting of Thirty-three thousand Foot, and Seven thousand Horse and Dragoons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Twro.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, Four Pounds a Man per Mensem be allowed, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Nemine contradieente.

ivateers. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And it is referred to Mr. Moor, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Sargison, Mr. Farrer, Sir R. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Scobell, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Carter, Mr. Coke, Mr. Clark, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bere, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Walt. Yonge, Lord Coningsby, Lord Spencer, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Bierly, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Rowncy, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Foley, Lord P owlet, Mr. Hey sham, Sir Wm. Phippard, Mr. Onslow; and all that serve for Sea Port Towns, and that are Merchants of the House: And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five a Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the several Acts, now in being, relating to Privateers, and what ought to be done in relation thereunto; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Hardships that Merchants have suffered, by taking their Men out of their Ships in long Voyages, and how the same may be remedied; and report their Opinion therein to the House.

altash Writ. James Buller Esquire, being elected Knight of the Shire for the County of Connvall; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Saltash, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said County.

Vol. 13. 7

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Saltash, in the room of the said Mr. jBuller.

Sir William Thomas Baronet, being elected Knight of Seaforth the Shire for the County of Sussex; and also a Corn-Baron WnU for the Port of Seaforth, made his Electiort to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Corn-Baron for the said Port of Seaforth, in the room of the said Sir William Thomas:

But the House directed Mr. Speaker notto issue the said Warrants till after the Fourteen Days were elapsed.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Deficiencies House an Account of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary of Parliameii-Funds since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown: tary FuR<i8*

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Supers upon of all Supers upon the Receivers and Collectors of Taxes, T*^lgvers of and other his Majesty's Revenues. dXe

Ordered, That there be also laid before this House an Securities of Account of the Names of the Securities of the respective Receivers m Receivers in Arreai*. Arrear.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luncef 12° die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir George Warburton Baronet, chesttt was presented to the House, and read; setting Election, forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Chestei', and, as such, ought to have been returned: But, by the Partiality of the Sheriff, and many undue Practices used in behalf of Sir John Manwaring, and Sir Robert Cotton, they are returned; in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition bp-referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Peter Gott Esquire, was presented to winchelse* the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex: But Mr. John Hopper, the Mayor, hath unduly returned John Hayes Esquire; to the Petitioner's Prejudice:'And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Attainting Wales was, according to Order, read the Second time. the Preten-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ^er* of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent all traitorous Correspondence with the pretended Prince of Wales.

8 G Ordered\

Commissioners of, Accounts.

666 irf Januarii.^.1701.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for punishing such as shall, by Writing, Printing, Preaching, or advised Speaking, declare, that the pretended Prince of Wales has any Right to the Crown; or that any other than his present Majesty hath a Right thereto.

A Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Account of the Deficiency of Parliamentary Deficit^ Funds, since his Majesty's happy Accession to the of Parlia-Crown, presented to the House on Saturday last, being read, is as follow eth; viz.

Exchequer

TZ7

Exchequer Bills.

o

r<

Aid of 3$. per Lib.

O

o

O'

°£-

a

c

cr.

a>

Issued upon Two Acts S* Willielmi 3 Bills renewed by an Act 12 Wilticlmi III.

Interest of all the Bills to this Day per Estimation

Bills cancelled.

On the Capitation Act....

Tonage ....

12 d. Aid....

2d 3 s. Aid....

On -J- of 4th 3 s. Aid -

ACCOUNT of the DEFICIENCY of PARLIAMENTARY FUNDS.

2,699,990

331,569

365,755

Bills cancelled, for which the new Bills were made

Bills standing out this Day; viz. For Principal - For Interest, per Estimation -

Of Capitation Tonage 12 d. Aid -

2d iij^. Aid of 4th iij$. Aid

Towards which,

s. d.

o 0 4 9 4 9

Principal. 585,101 10 4 698,757 0 0 404,772 0 0 161,886 4 9 346,125 0 0 Interest. 22,301 12 2i 65,335 11 ni 13,910 3 6J 21,518 15 ii 74,869 17 2f

2,196,641 15 1 263,750 0 0 197,936 0 0 67,819 4 9

2,460,391 15 1 265,755 4 9

571,167 9 8 100,000 0 0

In Exchequer. 1,079 J3 4 17 5 6f 4,225 1 8* 130 2 91 In- Arrears. 2,511 15 8 6,018 4 31 22,020 2 Of 20,000 0 0

5,432 3 o{ 50,550 2 0

£ d.

3,397,-H4 9 6

So there is wanting, to pay off all the Principal and Interest hitherto incurred

Memorandum: By Clauses in the Acts for the said Bills, Page 532, and 531, this Deficiency was chargeable on any Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Memorandum: There are some Arrears of the said late Tonage and Poundage still unrecovered; but they are liable to Debentures. There was borrowed upon the First iijs. Aid, payable Anno 1697, at 8/. per Cent, ——

The principal Money paid off is

So the principal Money resting due, besides Interest, is

Memorandum: There are Arrears standing out of this Aid of about 8,000l. The Arrears of this Tax have been applied to Interest, as fast as they could be recovered; and the further Sum of 33,847*. 1 ° 5« was supplied for Payment of One

Year's Interest of these Loans, out of the Funds of the Year 1701.

2,726,146 19 10 671,1-67 9 8

56,002 5 o$

d.

1.500.000

1.076.001

6>5,195 4 7»

4^090 \\ 1*

13 W. III. 120 Januarii.

£ 3. d. L s. d. Os

30,000 0 0 0s OO

14,600 0 0 15,400 0 0

695,226 5

Duties on Paper / These were granted for Two Years; ended First March 1698; and the Loans thereupon, at 8/. per Cent, did amount to and Parchment. I The said Duties have paid off, besides Interest ——

So the principal, remaining unsatisfied upon these Duties, is ——

Memorandum: The Sum of 1,232/. was supplied out of the Funds of the Year 1701. For Payment of One Year's Interest of these Loans;

Malt Duties. / There were made forth, in 10/. Tickets, as many as amounted to 1,217,930/.; of which there remain unsatisfied -

There is due for Interest thereupon, at an Halfpeny per Diem for each 10/.; viz.

£. s. d.

For One Year, ended at Lady-clay 1700 ----- --- - 42,425 18 64

For another Year at Lady-day 1701 - -- -- 42,425 18 64

For Three Quarters at Christmas 1701 - -- - 31,314 8 74

There was made forth, in Benefit Tickets, 45,810; and as many of them remain unsatisfied as amount to

Memorandum: By a Clause in the Malt Act, Page 453, this Deficiency was chargeable on the First Aid which should be granted after the 2pth of September 1699;

And that there are some Arrears of the Malt Duty applicable; but they are inconsiderable:

And that the Sum of 37,788/. is. for Payment of 7 Quarters Interest, at a Farthing per Diem for each 10/. Ticket, due at

Lady-day i6gg, was supplied out of the Funds for the Year 1701.

The Sum borrowed on this Tax, which was payable in the Year i6g8, at 7 per Cent, for the First 250,000l. and 81. per Cent, for the Remainder, was ——

Of which there has been since repaid ——

So that, besides all Interest due, and to grow due (towards which the Sum of 16,500l.per Estimation, may still be collected of Arrears),7 there rests, to clear the Principal - - - - -- - -j

Memorandum: 18,3811. 12s. od. for One Year's Interest of these Loans, was supplied out of the Funds of the Year 1701.

Coffee, Tea, I The Duties on Coffee and Tea were granted until the First May 1701, and those on Hawkers and Pedlars until the 24th June 1701, to pay the Interest for the Irish Transport Hawkers, &c. / Debt; the Principal only of which Debt being payable by the forfeited Estates in Ireland, there is no Provision for Payment of the growing Interest.

Memorandum: That, by a Clause in the Act for Sale of forfeited Estates in Ireland, Fol. 55.

It is provided, That the Principal and Interest of the said Exchequer Bills, and of the Tallies and Orders on the First iijf. Aid; and of the said Duties on Paper and Parchment; and of the Tickets called the Malt Tickets; and of the Tallies and Orders of the said 3d quarterly Poll; shall be taken as Sterling Money in the purchasing the said Estates: But it does not yet appear how far the said Debts and Deficiencies will be lessened thereby.

Third Quarterly Poll.

229,270 17 0

W

o

.8:

Duties on Leather, j These were granted for 3 Years, which determined the 22 of April 1700, and were appropriated to pay off 564, 700l. which had been lent on the CoaO

Duties Anno 1 695, and the Interest thereof; of which principal Sum there has been repaid but 60,262/.: So there remains a Deficiency, besides Interests 5°4,438 due and to grow due, of ——

Memorandum: It is Enacted, Page 430, That, if the Duties on Leather should fall short, the Deficiency should be made good out of the next Aid to be granted after the End of the»£aid 3 Years.

And that 52,g66l. iov 18 Months Interest of these Loans, was supplied out of the Funds for the Year 1701.

0 o

k

— J

o

3d iij sh. Aid.

o

t*

There was borrowed on this Aid, which was payable in the Year 1699, the Sum of 1,400,000l. at 7/. per Cent, per Annum Interest; and there has been since repaid of the said principal Sum 1,363,228/- 13 s. od.: So remains, to complete the same, 36.771 /. 7 0 towards which, the Arrears

standing out in the Hands of Receivers and Collectors, amount, per Estimation, to 10,948/. 45.; and then the Deficiency of this Tax unprovided

for, besides Interest, will be- - - - .-1

Memorandum: That 1,738/. os. 7 d.was supplied for One Year's Interest of the Debt out of the Funds for the Year 1701.

£ s. d.

25,823 3 9

Funds out of Salt Duties, and additional Stamp Duties.

The

Deficiency of the yearly Fund of 160,000l. for 2,000,000l. advanced pursuant to an Act 9° Wiluelmi, is; viz.

To Michaelmas 1700 ——

To Michaelmas 1701 - -....

In all,

£ s. d. 35,59° 4 35,282 6 6

70,872 11 i£

The Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Seventy-nine thousand Two hundred Ninety-five Pounds One Shilling Two-pence Farthing

2,579,295

si

Wm- Low.

T

OO

X

§4

OS

OS

VO

tViblick

Accounts.

Supply.

Navy and

Army

Estimates.

Fowey

Election.

670 12° — 13°

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir Joseph Jekyll reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for taking the Accounts of the Kingdom, That they had prepared a Bill; which they had had directed him to present to the House; and he presented the same to the House accordingly.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to, his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That Estimates may be laid before the House of the Charge of the Navy, and Land Forces, for the Year 1702.

Ordered, That Estimates be laid before this House of the Charge of the Navy, and Land Forces, for the Year 1702.

And Sir George Rook, according to Order, presented to the House,

An Account of all the Ships and Vessels of his Majesty's Royal Navy, with the Condition of such as are in Ordinary, according to the present Appearance thereof; and where they now are: And,

An Abstract of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1702: And,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st of December 1701: And,

An Estimate of the Charge of the extra Works proposed to be performed at his Majesty's several Yards, in the Year 1702.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, Abstract, and Estimates, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Committees upon the Bill of Attainder, and Bill of Accounts, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 13* die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Pra vers.

A P ET IT I ON of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, ±\. free Burgesses, and Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, in the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall', on behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Mayor and a Portreeve of the said Borough, to whom the Precept for electing Members to serve in Parliament is directed, and who are the Judges of the Election: That the Precept came to the Hands of Jonathan Tingcomb, the then Portreeve; w ho gave Notice, That the last Election should be owTucsday the Second of December M

Januarii. A. 1701.

last: And the Petitioners met; but the said Portreeve did not: And John Granvill Esquire, John Hicks Esquire, and also John Williams Esquire, Nephew' to the Portreeve, stood Candidates: But Nathanael Tingcomb, the Portreeve's Brother, who had w rongfully got the Precept, took upon him the Execution thereof; endeavouring to hinder the Major from acting in his Office, and arbitrarily, contrary to the Determination of the last House of Conn mons, touching Elections, rejected divers legal Votes for Mr. Granvill and Mr. IJicks, and allowed many unqualified Persons to vote for Mr. Williams; and committed many other illegal Practices for him: notwithstanding which Mr. Granvill and Mr. Hicks were duly elected, and the Petitioners executed an Indenture for returning the m: But the said Nathanael refused to deliver the Precept to the Mayor, to annex it thereto; by reason whereof the High Sheriff would not accept the said Indenture from the Petitioners; and the said Jonathan Tingcomb batli falsely returned the said Mr. Williams, instead of Colonel Granvill, with Mr. Hicks; to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Burghers of Appleby, in the County Appleby of Wtestmoreland, in behalf of themselves, and divers other the Burghers of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election, and after the Teste of the Writ, for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, several unlawful Practices were used to gain Votes for Genas Pier-point and James Grahme Esquires, w hereby they gained a Majority; but the Petitioners conceive, that Wharton Dunch and RickardBrathwait Esquires w ere duly chosen for their Representatives: And praying, That the House w ill take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Joshua Lomax Esquire, was presented to Sl Alban's the House, and read; setting forth,. That, at the Election ElectioD* of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County oS Hertford\ the Petitioner, and John Gape junior, Esquire, with others, stood Candidates; and many illegal Practices were made use of, on behalf of the said Mr. Gape, at the said Election, to the Petitioners Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Attainting Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the the Pw-Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales.

Mr. Speaker left foe Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwynn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowli nd Gwyn reported from foe said Committee,

That they had gone through foe Bill; and made some Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Answer to foat their Address of Saturday last having been presented Address-to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleased to return his

Thanks

13 W. III. 130 Januarii. I

Thanks to the House for their Address; and to say, That he will take care of what they desire therein.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing the Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing and enabling Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Commissioners may take the Accounts of the Majors of Brigades.

Sir Charles Hedges, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person; and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Major General William Steuart was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in Consideration of Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, due to the Petitioner for Arrears of Pay, and contingent Charges in Spain and Ireland, his Majesty did grant the Petitioner forfeited Lands in Ireland, of Light hundred Pounds per Annum; who thereupon released his Majesty from the said Debt; but, by the late Act of Resumption, the same Lands are taken from the Petitioner; in whose Favour a Clause was inserted in the said Act, That when any Person had taken any Grant in lieu of any Sum of

Money due from his Majesty, and had released the same, such Person should be intitled to such Debt, as if no Release had been given: In pursuance whereof, his Majesty, by Warrant, distinguishes the contingent Charges from the Arrears of Pay, and ordered the same to be paid; which amounts to Three thousand Nine hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Four-pence: That the Petitioner produced the said Warrant to the late Commissioners of Accounts; but they said, They had no Power to allow any Warrants, or give Certificates for Money that did not appear to be due by the Establishment:

That the last House of Commons did admit a Clause, in the Petitioner's Favour, into the theri Bill for stating the Accounts of the Army,&c.: And praying, That the Commissioners of Accounts may have the necessary Powers to allow him a Certificate, that he may have Satisfaction for the Money due to him, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, arid determine, the Debts due to the Army and Navy* and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* that they do consider of the Contracts for Transport Service; in the Year 1693.

The List of the Ships and Vessels of his Majesty's List of the Royal Navy, with the Condition of such as are in Ordi- Royal Navy, nary, according to the present Appearance thereof, and where they now are, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1 Rates. Names. l c! rjfi P In Condition to be fitted fur the Sea. 1 & -o a P Wauling Repairs. Where they now are. K

Great, or [ rebuilding. I C i

1st St. Andrew s/ at Woolwich.

Britania - - </ at Chathani.

London - - 1/ at Chatham.

Queen - x/ at Chatham.

Victory - x/ at Portsmouth*

Royal Wm. - ✓ at Portsmouth.

Royal Sovereign - x/ at Chatham*

2d Association - / at Portsmouth.

Albemarle - . V . at Chatham.

Barfleur - - x/ , at Chatham. \

Prime George w - at Chatham* '

Princess Anrie - - ✓ at Chatham.

St. George - x/ at Portsmouth.

Royal Catharine - at Portsmouth.

St. Michaell - x/ at Portsmouth.

Neptune - - ✓ at Chatham.

Namur - ✓ at Chatham.

Ossory - x/ at Chatham.

Sandwich - - y/ at Chatham.

Triumph - - X^ at Chatham.

Vantguard - y/ at Chatham.

3d Berwick - _ v/ at Spithead.

Boyne x/ at Chatham.

Bredah _ */ at Jamaica, with Vice Admiral Bcifibtto:

Burford - - s/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

Bedford - - :✓ at Spithead.

Captain - - at Portsmouth\

Cornwall - - ✓ at Chatham.

Chichester - x/ at Chatham.

Cambridge x/ at Portsmouth.

Cumberland - x/ ar Portsmouth.

Content Prize - - ✓ at Chatham.

Vo U 13

List of Royal Mavy.

672

Rate. Names.

3d- Defiance -Devonshire Dorsetshire Eagle Edgar Elizabeth -Essex Expedition Grafton -Hampton Court Humber -Ipswich -Kent Lancaster -Lenox Monmouth Norfolk -Northumberland Newark -Nassau Royal Oak Orford - - Resolution Restau ration Rupert Russell Ranelagh -Revenge -Sterling Castle -Suffolk -Swiftsure -Shrewsbury Somerset -Torbay Warspight Yarmouth

4th. Assistance Anglesea -Advice Bristoll Bonadventure -Burlington Blackwall -Canterbury Centurion -Chatham -Chester -Crowne -Colchester Coventry -Deptford -Dover Dragon Dunkirk -Dreadnought Dartmouth Exeter Falmouth -Falkland -Greenwich Gloucester Guernsey - -Hampshire J ersey Kingston -Kingsisher Lincolne -Litchfield -Medway -

130 jdnuarii. 1701.

X a V) In Condition to be fitted for the Sea. Under Repair. Wanting repairs. Where they now arc.

Great, or rebuilding. Lesser.

v/ at Jamaica, with Vice Admiral Bembow

_ at Chatham.

m v/ at Portsmouth.

v/ at Spithead.

_ v/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

_ v' at Portsmouth.

v/ coming from Plymouth to Spithead.

_ fitting out at Pwtsmouth.

_ v/ at Spithead.

_ v/ at Chatham.

v/ at Portsmouth.

_ >/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

v' refitting at Portsmouth.

- v/ at Portsmouth.

v/ ordered from Chatham to the Nore.

- v/ at Spithead.

_ v/ at Portsmouth.

... </ at Chatham.

_ v/ at Sheemcsse.

v/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

✓ at Chatham.

v/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

- v/ ordered from Spithead to Dawns.

- v/ at Portsmouth.

- v/ at Plymouth.

- v/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

- v/ at Chatham.

- v/ at Spithead.

- v/ coming from Plymouth to Spithead.

_ v" fitting out at Portsmouth.

- v' at Chatham.

- v/ fitting out at Portsmouth.

- v/ at Chatham.

- at Chatham.

- v/ at Rot her hit h.

- v/ at Spithead.

- n/ daily expected from Cadiz.

- v/ at Woolwich.

- v/ coming from N. York.

- % / gone to Jamaica.

- v/ on the Coast of Guinea.

- v/ coming to Spithead.

- v/ ordered to the Canaries.

- v/ coming from Cork to Spithead.

- v/ in the Downes.

- v/ ordered from Spithead to the Downs.

- v/ coming from Plymouth to Spithead.

- v/ ordered into Bristoll Chanel.

- at Jamaica, with Bcnbozv.

- % / gone to Plymouth to clean.

- v/ coming from Cadiz.

- v/ at Plymouth.

- v/ coming from Cadiz.

- v/ coming from Cork to Spithead.

- v/ gone to Jamaica.

- v/ at Spithead.

- \/ ordered from Spithead to the Downs.

- v/ at Jamaica, with Benbow.

- v/ at Chatham.

- v/ at Jamaica, with Vice Admiral Benbow

- Ditto.

- v/ coming from Plymouth to Spithead.

- v/ ordered to the Downs.

- v/ going to N. York.

v/ with Vice Admiral Benbow.

- v/ ordered to Spithead.

- v/ at Spithead.

" v/ at Spithead.

- n/ ordered from Spithead to the Downes\

i3 W. III.

13 ° Jdnitctrii.

Rate. Names* In Sea Pay. In Condition to be fitted for the Sea. Under Repair. Wanting Repairs.

Great, or Rebuilding. I

4th Monk - . _ x/

Mountague - - v/

Mary A. - v/

Norwich - 3. _ '

Newcastle - _ x/

Non such - x/

Oxford _ 4 /

Portland - v/ V

Pembrook «. v/

Pendennis . a/

Plymouth - _ x/

Reserve - - - v/

1 Rochester v/

Ruby - - n/

Romney - - - x/

Southampton - - v/

Sunderland v/

Seveme - ‘ x/

Salisbury - - - v/

Tyger - - x/

Tilbury - - - v/

Weymouth - - x/

Woolwich - -

Windsor - - v/

Warwick - - _ v/

Winchester _ _ v/

Worcester -

York - -

Trydent Prize x/

5th Adventure

Arrundell - - v/

Betty - - x/

Bedford Gaily - -

Bridgwater - - v/

Charles Gaily - - v/

Dolphin - - - v/

Experiment - - x/

Fowy - -

Feversham v/

Gosport - - - v/

Hastings - - - v/

Kinsale - - x/

Lyme - - v/

Lynn - - v/

Lowstoffe - - - x/

Loo - - - x/

Ludlow -

Mary Gaily - " - x/

Mermaid - - - v/

Milford - *

Poole - - x/

Rye - - - v/

Sheemesse - - v/

Saudado's Prize - - v/

Shoreham - - - v/

Sorlings - - - v/

Speedwell - - - a/

Scarborough - - v/

Winchelsea - - x/

6th Dunwich - _ x/

Deal Castle - - v/

Essex Prize - - v/

FI am borough - - v/

Lizard - - v/

Maidstone - - v/

Margate - - - x/

Newport - ✓ 1

VO L. 13.

6n

Where they now are;

fitting out in the River.

ordered from Spitkead to the jbournes.

fitting out at Chatham.

coming from Ireland to Spithead.

at Spithead.

in the Chanel.

at Deptford.

at Woolwich.

ordered to cruise off Scilly. with Vice Admiral Benbdw. at the Nore. at Deptford.

ordered from the Sound to Spithead.

in the West Indies.

ordered from Spithead to the Dozens*

coming from Virginia.

fitting out at Sheerness.

at Spithead.

ordered to the Downes. at Rotherhith. coming from Barbary. cruising off Dungenessc. at Woolzvich.

with Vice Admiral Benbow. cruising off Scilly. refitting at Chatham. at Spithead. gone to Jamaica* at Portsmouth.

coming from Cadiz.

at Deptford.

on the Coast of Guinea.

coming from Plymouth to Spithead.

Coast of Ireland.

cruising off Dungenessc.

at Spithead.

gone to Jamaica.

at Jamaica.

cleaning at Plymouth.

attends on N. England.

at Plymouth.

gone to Barbadoes.

cruising of Dungenesse.

at Sheemesse.

ordered from Sheer ness to the Demmes.

at Deptford.

coming from Barbados.

gone to Western Islands.

Cape de Ve?'de Islands, at Sheemesse. ordered to the Canaries. at Deptford.

carries Recruits to Holland.

at Plymouth.

coming from Virginia.

at Plymouth.

at Limehouse.

at Jamaica.

on the Coast Ireland.

at Deptford.

coming from Leeward Islands. at Deptford*

Downes.

Nore.

at Leeward Islands. at Jamaica. at Spithead.

M

Penzance,

List Of

Royal Navy, v,

List of Royal Navy.

bate.

6th

13° Janua

Wantirtg

Repairs.

Nam6fc

Penzance -Peregrine Gaily Queenbrough Swan

Solebay

Sea Horse Seaford -

d

cS

v/

v'

v/

v/

v/

v/

Where they now are.

Coast of Ireland.

River of Thames.

ordered to Coast of Flanders.

Spithead.

Nore.

gone to Jamaica.

Coast of Ireland.

Fireships.

Firebrand -Griffin

Hunter w Hawk -Lightning Phoenix -Strombelo Vultur Vulcan Vesuvius -Terrible -

Bombs.

Basilisk -Blast

Carcasse * Commet Firedrake -Furnace -Granado -Mortar Portsmouth Salamander Starr

Serpent -Terror -

v'

s/

v/

v/

v'

Yachts.

Charlotte Cleveland -Fubbs Henrietta -Isabella

Isle of Wight -Jemmy Katherine Mary

Queenborough -Soesdyke -Squirrell -St. Lo

Wm, and Mary -

- v/

‘ v/

- >/

- l/

- v/

- v/

‘ v/

- v'

- v/

- v'

Advice Boats-

Express Eagle Messenger Scout Boat

Brigantines.

Discovery Dispatch -Diligence -Fly -

2

v"

v/

- v/

v/

v/

v/

at Portsmouth.

at Sheerncsse.

at Deptford.

at Deptford*

at Deptford.

at Deptford.

gone to the West Indies.

at Portsmouth.

at Portsmouth.

Ditto, at Deptford

at Deptford. at Woolwich. gone to Jamaica. at Woolwich. at Deptford.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto, at Woolwich

Ditto.

Ditto, coming to Spithead\ at Deptford.

Coast of Ireland. in the River Thames.

Ditto.

Ditto, attends on Jersey.

Ditto, Isle of Wight. at Chatham. in the River of Thames.

Ditto.

attends Governor of Sheerness. coming from Ireland. at Chatham. at Plymouth. in the River.

attends on Guernsey. attends on Maryland. ordered from Ditto, at Portsmouth.

atWoolwich. at Portsmouth. at Deptford. at Woolwich. at Deptford. at Deptford.

A. 1701.

13 W. III. i 30 Januarii.

Wanting Repairs.

Names, In Sea Pay. 0 <£ 1*3 <3 a £ t-H 545 Under Repai t» ts 2 2 Where they now are.

Sloops.

St. Antonio Bonetta -Hound -Merlin -Otter -Prohibition Shark 1 Swallow -Swift -Woolf - ✓ v/ x/ x/ x/ x/ v/ v/ x/ </ gone to Jamaica. Coast of Ireland. Ditto. Ditto, coming from Cadiz. Coast of Ireland. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

Pink.

Paramour v/ at Deptfoi'd.

Ketches.

Providence Martin - x/ x/ at Plymouth. ordered to Spit head.

Storeships.

Canterbury Katharine Suffolk Hogboat Green-fish x/ x/ ✓ x/ at Deptford. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

Hulks.

Arms of Rotterdam - Chatham - St. David - Exeter - French Ruby St. George Josiah - Lewis - Medway Prize - Plymouth Thunderbolt Prize x/ x/ x/ x/ x/ v/ v/ x/ v/ x/ v/ at Chatham. Ditto. at Plymouth, designed for Kinsale. at Portsmouth. Ditto, designed for Harwich. at Woolwich. gone to Jamaica. , t She n ase. at Plymouth.

Iloys.

Delight -Forrester -Lighter -Mary gold Non such -Sophia -Supply - Sheer ness Water Boat -Transporter Truelove -Unity Horse Boat Unity 2d -Unity 3d -Transport Lighter Endeavourer First Smack Owners Good Will x/ v/ ✓ x/ v/ x/ v/ x/ v/ V x/ x/ */ v/ v/ v/ A / at Portsmouth. at Chatham. at Sheerness. at Chatham. at Portsmouth. at Chatham. Ditto. Ditto, at Kinsale. at Woolxvich. at Deptford.

Smacks.

Royal Escape -Flemish Long Boat - v/ v/ Ditto, at Chatham.

Tow Engines.

Two - x/ , at Chatham.

Vox.. 13.

675

List of Royal Navy.

1

List of Royal Navy.

130 JanuariL

A, 1701,

ABSTRACT.

Rates. d In Sea Pay. In Condition to be fitted for the Sea. Under Repair. Wanting Repairs

Great, or Rebuilding. Lesser.

First - _ 7 5 1 1

Second - 14 7 2 5

Third - 47 24 16 2 3 2

Fourth 62 54 3 2 2 I

Fifth - - 3° 22 6 1 — 1

Sixth 15 14 - - - 1 —

Fireships - - 11 3 t 1

Bombs - 13 2 7 — 1 3

Yachts - 14 13 1 — — —

Advice Boats - 4 4 ——

Brigantines . - 6 5 — 1

Sloops 10 10 ——

Pink - 1 1 — — —

Ketches - 2 l 1 — — —

Storeships - 3 3 Whereof One aTi ansport \ esscl.

Hulks - 12 1 9 1 1 —

Hoys 16 - - - 16 — —

Smacks - 2 - - - 1 1 1 —

Tow Boats - - 2 2 — — —

Total - - - 271 151 87 9 15 9

G Rook, D. Mitchell, Geo. Churchill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said List be An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it

referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are stood on the 31st Day of December 1701, was read; Navy!>U. to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. and is as followeth:

An ESTIMATE of the Debts of his Majesty's Navt, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it stood on the 31st of December 1701.

g

cq‘

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

O-

FT

Heads of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Due on Bills in the said Book; namely Parsers, Balance BillsA and forextra'Necessary-money, Pensions, Half-pay, Surgeons, Free-gift, See. occurred before this Reign - - -J

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course in' the Ordinary and Extra' of his Majesty's Navy, and all other Debts arising for Stores delivered, for which Bills were not made out; with the Debt of the Out Ports For his Majesty's Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extra' thereof ——

Seamen's Wages.

Due to several Men, remaining unpaid upon the Books of Ships!

paid off since the 13th of February 1688 - - -J

To Ships in Sea Pay -

To pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course for the Pay! of Flag Officers, Pilotage, &c. on the Head of Seamen's Wages J

Victualling.

Due on Account of victualling his Majesty's Navy, according! to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof -j

Sick and Wounded.

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, as by an Account received from the Tate Commissioners thereof - -J For the like Service, since that Business was transferred to the] Register Office, as by an Account received from those Com-} niissioDers ----- - - - -J

Register Office.

Due to the Seamen that have registered themselves pursuant to! an Act of Parliament in that behalf, according to an Account' received from the Commissioners thereof - - -J

The aforesaid Debt amounts to the Sum of One Million Two hundred Sixty-four thousand Seven hundred Twenty- two Pounds Two Shillings and One Peny Farthing

Sj. By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett. D. Mitchell.

0»

W

Debts as they stood on the 31st of December 1701.

PARTICULARS.

£. (L

364,955 0 0

171,306 0 0

231,241 0 0

346,212 0 0

12,299 0 0

35,623 O o

2,944 o o

TOTALS.

L d.

40,000 o o

536,261 o o

589,752 O o

316,340 17 0

38,567 0 0

106,615 o o

1,627,53 5 17 O

Remaining on the 31st of December 1701, in Money and Tallies, towards satisfying the said Debts.

To be received of the Lords of the Treasury of the last Year's Appropriation. ! lathe Treasurer of the Navy's Hands.

£. s. d. — m — - £. s. d.

125,5» 9 3 i 34,782 7 5 i

114,362 13 7 32,000 15 of

- — 43,355 13 11

12,294 16 6 515 19 1

252,158 19 4 110,654 15 6

w

The aforesaid Money and Tallies being deducted, the net Debt on the yrst of December, 1701, will be; viz.

s. d*

40,000' 0 o-

375,977 3 2 f

106,615 O O'

1,264,722 2 nt;

433,38s it

1

272,985 3

25,75& 4 5

Oy

-a

678

130 Jamariu

A' 1701.

Navy

Estimate.

Ordered\^That the Consideration of the said Estimate the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two was be referred to the said Committee. read; and is as followeth;

Art Abstract of the ofdinary Estimate of the Navy for

J

11 Lords of the Admiralty, Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks,1 and fnstmments, Rents of the Offices, and Contingencies relating thereto, &c.

2. Pensions to the superannuated Sea Officers, and to the Widows of others

YARDS.

3« Chatham

4. Deptford ——

5. Woolwich'- -

6. Portsmouth

7. Shterncsst - - - , -

8. Plymouth - -

9. Muster-masters, and other Officers at the Out Ports -

10. Wages to'Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

11. Victuals for the Officers and Men serving therein -

Charges of Harbour Moorings ——

Ordinary Repairs for the Ships in Harbour, and of Docks, Wharfs, Storehouses, &c,

24,485 5

12,809 15

£ 3 d.~

3,247 0 6

2,836 8 10

2,273 18 8>

3,286 16 3

1,557 19 11

2,162 18 u_

»5,365 3 1

12

O'-

14. Qiarge of the Office, for Sick and Wounded

1,174

10,344

4,617

30,598

28,971

950

129,31410 0

Estimate of Naval Extra* "Works.

G. Rook,

D. Mitchell,

\ Geo. Churchill.

Ordered, That* the Consideration of the said Abstract proposed to be performed at his Majesty's several Yards be referred to the said Committee. in the Year One thousand Seven and Two was read; and

is as follow eth; viz.

5,000

o o] 0 of

The Estimate of the Charge of the extra* Works

For carrying on the Works of his Majesty's Ships under Repair, and rebuilding; finishing such! as can be finished; and taking in hand as many others wanting Rebuilding, or extraordinary > Repairs, as can be taken in Hand; and completing the Rigging, Ground Tackle, and Stores -J

DfiPTFORD, £. S. 3.

For rebuilding the Master Shipwright's House, which is ready to tumble down 500

Making a siugle dry Dock of about 190 Feet long, and 53 Feet wide at the!

Gates 1 - -j

Woolwich.

For lengthening the double Dock Fifteen Feet; and carrying out a Piece of Wharf, between the Ship and the East Side of the Dock, to make it capable to receive a First and Third Rate Ship at one tiroej making a new Apron, Gates, and Apron Wharfs to the said Dock, the other being decayed - - - , -

Chatham.

For removing the remaining Part of the Bank against the lower Dock, tol deepen the River -J

Building new Boat-houses on the West side of the Mast Dock, for Preser-\ vation of Boats for the Ships that lie up thei;e

90,000

5,500 0 0

2,200 0 0

-J

A Floor over the new* Rope-house to employ Spinners, laying Hemp, &c.

Portsmouth.

£ s.

2,000 0 o

1,120 0 0

2,088 0

4^ 00 O oj

t in Height, tol

5,692 0 0

fit to be done t - - , - - - t - , -

Inlarging the Mast Dock, for the better Preservation of Masts from Decay

Plymouth.

For enlarging a Jetty Head - - - - . - ‘ -

For Wharling, Planking, and Digging of Ground, fora Graving-place

Deal.

For several Buildings between the South End of the Town of Deal, and the Castle, with Yard-] Room, a Stone House, and other Conveniences, to lodge Naval Stores in, for Supply of his Majesty's Ships in the Downesy Security of Boats, &c. - -

3,744

5,871

645

853

0 0

0 0

1,181 0 0

By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Commissioners of Accounts.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving and continuing An Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army and Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken, during the late War.

This is over-cast 48,0001. which is taken Notice of in the original Account

In all 163,686 0 0

♦ G. Rooke,

D. Mitchell,

Geo. Churchill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered\ That the Report be made on Thursday

Morning next.

A Message

H

free

54.

b

r3 W. III.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

curity of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the 9 Security of his Majesty's Person and Government; and for ccessfou. niaintaining the Succession of the Crown, according to the Two late Acts of Parliament: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

pply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyei's reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

679

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re* port the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Daniel JVhidby Esquire, Mayor of the Bo* Orford rough of Oij'ord, in the County of Suffolk, and several of Election, the Commonalty and Freemen of the said Borough, w as presented to the House and read; setting forth, That a Precept issuing from the Sheriff, for electing Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, one John Hook (pretending to be Mayor, though, upon a solemn Tryal at Bar, at Westminster-hall, he was found not to be legal Mayor) got the Precept and refused it to the Petitioner Whidby, who is the legal Mayor; and proceeded to an Election on the Second of December lust; and hath returned Sir Edmund Bacon and Sir Edmund Turner Burgesses for the said Borough: That the Petitioner Whidby also, upon the same Day (having, before That, given due Notice of the Election) proceeded to the same; and the Petitioner and many others w ho had a Right tp vote, by a great Majority, duly chose Charles KiUigrew and Charles May Esquires; and made an Indenture and Return of them, under the Common Seal of the said Borough; and tendered the same to the Sheriff of the County, who refused to accept of it, and accepted of Hook's Return; by which partial and undue Proceeding the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough are violated: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises. t

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition . be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

130 — 140

Mercurity 14* die Januarii;

130 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

eesof r I Ml E Table of Fees claimed by the Officers of the ifficers of JL House, being laid before the House, according to

1C House. Order;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and settle the Fees to be taken by the Officers and Servants of the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwyn, §\v John Phillips, Mr. King, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Mordant, Sir Jus. Tredenham, Mr Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Manly, Mr, Ashurst, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Curson, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Stoiie-house, Mr. Wroth, Mr. JVhetler, Sir Alexander Rigby, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Carter, Mr. Campion, Mr. Austen, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Owen, Mr. Freeman, Sir Gerv. Ekces, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Marks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee do examine what Salaries or Allowances the Officers and Servants of the House have from the Government; and report the same to the House.

;t. Albans A Petition of several Housholders and Inhabitants of Election. and within the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of llertjord, in behalf of themselves, and other Freemen inhabiting within the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, wus presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, by the Permission of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Town Clerk, several Foreigners, who had no Right, were permitted to poll contrary to the Custom of the said Borough, whereby, and by other undue Means, a Majority of Votes w as procured for John Gape junior, Esquire; but Joshua Lomax Esquire had a Majority of rightful Voters; yet Mr. Gape is returned, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

A Petition of several of the Burgesses and Inhabitants Malmibury of the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, Election, on behalf of themselves, and divers other the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Dissolution of the last Parliament, William Ady, an Attorney, and other his Accomplices, did corruptly treat and contract with several Persons, in order to their being elected Members for the said Borough, in the ensuing Parliament; and that Sir Cha. Hedges, and Edward Paunceford Esquire, did, by those, and other unlawful Practices, procure themselves to be elected Members for the said Borough:

And praying, That the House will take the Matter into Examination.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tomorrow Fortnight

A Petition of Gerhard Sohnius, in behalf of the Dutch Army Officers heretofore in English Pay, to whom Arrears are Arrears due, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners came from Holland with his Majesty, as Auxiliaries, upon the late Resolution; and faithfully served during the late Wars, and advanced their own Money to subsist their Soldiers, when the publick Money fell short: That the Petitioners made up their Accounts, and laid them before the Commissioners of Accounts; who have not stated the same, because they thought themselves not authorized so to do by the Powers of the late Act for appointing the m: And praying, That in the Bill for reviving the Act for taking the Accounts of the Army,

Navy, Transport Service, and Prizes taken during the lati War, such Powers may be given, as may enable the Commissioners to state and determine the Petitioners Accounts, in Order to their effectual Payment.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made of the said Bill.

A Petition of John Scoppens, on behalf of himself, and Dutch others, Masters and Owners of the Dutch Transport Ships Transports, taken up and employed in the Reduction of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is due to the Petitioners, for the said Service, upon a

stated

Attainting the Pr«-tehder.

Supply.

Publick

Accounts.

Commissioners of Accounts.

680 140 — 150 JaHUdrii.

A. 1701.

the Security of his Majesty's Iverson end Government' Security of and for maintaining the Succession of the Crown, ac‘

cording to Two late Acts of Parliament; was read the succwuom First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, after the Second Heading of the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extin* guishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

'I'he Earl of ilatielagh presented to the House several Army Accounts; containing, Estimate*

The Numbers and Charge of the Forces already provided, in Part of the Forty thousand Men who are to act as his Majesty's Quota, in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies.

The Pay of a Regiment of Horse, consisting of Nina Troops of Fifty-nine Men in each Troop: As also,

Of a Regiment of Six Troops, of Fifty-niue Men in each Troop.

A Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troops, of Fifty-nine Men in each Troop, on Dutch Pay: As also,

A Regiment of Six Troops, of Fifty-nine Men in each Troop, upon Dutch Pay.

The Charge of a Regiment of Dragoons of Eight Troops, of Sixty private Men in each, upon Dutch Pay:

As also,

Of a Regiment of Dragoons, of Six Troops, of Sixty private Men in each.

The Pay of a Regiment of Dragoons, consisting of Eight Troops, of Sixty private Soldiers in each Troop;

As also,

A Regiment of Six Troops, of Sixty private Soldiers in each Troop.

A Regiment of Foot, of Thirteen Companies, of Sixty private Men in each Company, upon Dutch Pay: As also,

A Regiment of Twelve Companies, of Fifty-nine pri* vate Men in each Company, upon Dutch Pay.

The Pay of a Regiment of Foot, consisting of Thirteen Companies, of Sixty Men in each Company: As also,

Of a Regiment of Twelve Companies, of Fifty-nine Men in each.

A Computation of Waggons and Forage.

And the same were read; and are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Earl of Ranelagh also presented to the House the Half-pay.

Establishment of Half-pay:

And the Title thereof was read.

The Establishment is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

stated Account^ gt, 855/ which accrued in One thousand Six hundred Ninety, and One thousand Six humiredN inety-one: That in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, the Parliament made Provision for paying 5 /. per centum Interest for the Irish Transport Debt, of which the Petitioners was Part, and they hoped to have had the Benefit thereof; hut it is alleged, that the said Act only has respect to the English Transports; and the Petitioners cannot have Debentures for their said Debts, because the Act does not warrant the same, although Interest was to be paid for 330,769/. which exceeds the whole Debt for the said Service, including the Petitioners, as the late Commissioners for Transports have certified: And praying, That, in the Bill for taking the Accounts of the Army, Navy, and Transport Service, now depending in this House, a Clause may be admitted, to enable the Commissioners to state and determine the Petitioners Accounts, in order to their effectual Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report of the said Bill be made.

Ordered, That the late Commissioners of Transports do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, a State of the Debt, claimed by the Owners of the Dutch Transport Ships employed for the Reducing of Ireland.

Sir -RowlandGuyn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered... in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered Nemine contradicente, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.Conyei'S, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Fourteen . Pounds Ten Shillings and Three-pence be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Fourteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Three-pence be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two.

A Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itsdf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to oblige the several Accountants to make up their Accounts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 1 5" dieJanuarii;

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of 13° Willielmi, Tertii.

the Bill for reviving the Act for taking the Accounts of the Army, Navy, Transports, and Prizes taken during rRAYiRS.

the late War, to offer a Clause for the taking the Ac- TR. Ojfley, according to Order, presented to the Rye counts of Mr. W/utaker, late Solicitor to the Admiralty. J.VJL House a Bill for restoring the Harbour of to Harbour.

its ancient Goodness, for the Benefit of the Nation: And An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the same was received.

The

V.H,

Debtors Petition.

Weobly

Election.

Caine

Election.

Coventry

Election.

13 W. III.

150 Januarii.

6S1

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second time.

the Majority of legal Voters, and they ought to have been returned; but Mr. Abraham and Air. John refused to return them, and have made a double Return;

A Petition of above an Hundred decayed Merchants and refused to give Sir and Mr. a Copy

and Tradesmen, Freemen of the City of London, now of the Poll by which they made the Return, in manifest confined for Debt in the Prison of Ludgate, in behalf of Violation of 'the Rights and Privileges of the said City, themselves, and many thousands more who are likewise and the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises, confined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: That, upon the Petition of the now Petitioners to the last And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re House of Commons, setting forth their miserable Cireum- port the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House, stances; and a Report from the Committee, to whom the same was referred; Leave was given to bring in a Bill A Petition of Mr. Bingham and Mrs. Dunbar, Was for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt: Which was presented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the accordingly brought in; but, by the Shortness of that House, withdrawn.

Bingham's &c. Petition.

Session, the Bill did not pass; so that the Petitioners have continued ever since under their dismal Imprisonment, except such as have miserably perished: And praying the House to take their Sufferings into Consideration, and give Leave to bring in a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. King, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Offley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Banxll, Sir Fra. Alassam, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Foley,

Lord Dysert, Mr. Clark, Mr. Proby, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Austen, Mr. Raleigh, Mr. Wild, Mr. Dolben, Sir Jo. Packington, Mr. Chohnley, Mr..Brewer,

Mr. Yates, Colonel Stringer, Mr. , Mr. Stone-

house, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Cox, Mr. Campion: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Colonel Canfield, and others, was pre- CaufieM's seated to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the Petition. House, withdrawn. -

An ingrossed Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Attainting Prince of Wales, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That the I3ill do pass:.ten er' And that the Title be, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gzcyn do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, reported from' the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a

Commissioners of Accounts.

A Petition of Henry Cornwall Esquire, was presented to Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question seve-the House and read; setting forth, That, since the Teste rally put thereupon, with some Amendments made thereof the Writ for electing Burgesses to serve in this present unto, agreed unto by the House: And other AmetuB Parliament, for the Borough of JFeebly, in the County of ments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Hereford, John Byrch Esquire, by treating and bribing A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the the Votesmen, and other indirect Means, procured him- Commissioners to state and determine the Debt due to the self to be returned for a Burgess, in Prejudice of the Pe- Owners of the Dutch, and other foreign Owners of titioner, who otherwise would have had a Right to have Transport Ships employed in the Reduction of Ireland; been returned: And praying Relief therein. And that they do make out Debentures for Satisfaction;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of the same: be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made F art of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Commissioners to state and determine the Account of the Cloathing, for the Men respited and disbanded before the Cloathing Contracts could be paid out of the Off-reckonings:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question Hedges, by indirect practices, procured some of the Bur- put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made' gesses to vote for him at the said Election; w'ho also exe- Part of the Bill.

cuted an Indenture, purporting a Return of him; and Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for prevailed with the Sheriff to annex it to the Writ with the the Commissioners to state the Accounts of the Arrears of said other Indenture; whereby the Petitioner is hindered the Dutch Forces upon the English Pay; and to issue De-from sitting in the House, as of Right he ought to do: bentures, in order to the Satisfaction of the same:

A Petition of Edward Baynton Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts, and returned by the proper Officer, as usual; but Sir Charles

And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the Hodfe.

A Petition of several Freemen of the City of on behalf of themselves, and the greater Number of the Freemen of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Citizens to serve in this Parliament for the said City, many Votes were obtained, by indirect Practices, for Mr and

Mr. Neale, who otherwise would have voted for Sir pher Hales, and Mr. Gery; who, notwithstanding had

Vo l. 13.

And the same was once read And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall, in the First place, state and determine the Accounts of the Regiments, d roops, and Companies, under the Command of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects; and also what is due to them for Transport Service, and on Account of Prizes:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Commissioners to state the Accounts of Arrears to

8 L the

Security of Kings Person and Succession.

Ditto.

Potts, &c. Estate.

Imports and Exports.

Produce of Customs*

Committees.

Grants from live Crown.

682 15° — i<$° — i 1701.

the Aids-de-Camps, to the same time as their General Officers are:

And the same was once read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring the Commissioners to state and examine the Accounts of Mr. Whitaker, late Solicitor to the Admiralty; and to lay their Report, touching the same, before this House, the next Session of Parliament:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered That the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person; and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; apd extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

0?'det'cd, That, immediately after the Second Reading of the said Bill, the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government: and for maintaining the Succession of the Crown, according to the Two late Acts of Parliament; be also read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Samuel Potts, Mary Ballard Widow, Anne Beacon Widow, and Sir Goddard Nel~ thorp, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have several great Sums of Money due to them on the Security of certain Lands, called AV bemarle Gwunds, and Conduit Mead', in the Parish of Saint Martins in the Fieldsy amounting to above Twenty thousand Pounds: And that, by reason some other of the Persons who have Incumbrances on the said Premises, are either Executors, Administrators, or Infants, the same cannot be leased to Builders, for the Improvement thereof; nor sold, for the Payment of the Debts thereupon: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Trustees to lett the same Premises to Builders, for the Improvement thereof; and also to make Sale of the same, for the Payment of the Debts due thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Trcdenham and Mr. Pitfield do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Daniel Park Esquire, and Mr. Gould, of Malmstmj Dauntsey, Schoolmaster, do attend the House upon the Ekciim, & Twenty-ninth Day of January instant, upon the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Malmsbury, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That One of the Clerks of the Council do Order of attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, this Af- Council fw ternoon, with the Order of Council for issuing the Writs 18fcU1>&"n!t for calling this Parliament, or an attested Copy of it.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Public Rt. House a general Abstract of the Accounts of the publick nu*saDd Revenues, Taxes, and Monies borrowed, from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and one:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Abstract is ..... with the other Papers of

this Session.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered That a Clause be prepared, and brought m, Comm* upon the Third Reading of the Bill for reviving and con- sioncre of tinuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing AccoUDU' Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also, an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; to obljge, Mr. Vandcresch, Paymaster of the Dutch Forces, which w ere upon the English Establish-

ment, to make up his Accounts.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the ('hair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, w'hich they had n

directed him to report, w hen the House will please to F

receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Mom* ing.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 17* die Januarii; Anno 130 Willielmi TertiL Prayers.

Ordered That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of the Names of all Goods imported and exported, mentioned in the Book of Rates to pay Customs ad Valorem.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do also lay before this net Produce of th Branches of them, of December last.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House of all Grants passed since December One thousand Seven hundred: And that Mr. Lowndes do lay the said Account before this House.

11

House an Account of the gross and 5 Customs, distinguishing the several for the Year ending the Twenty-fiftff

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Exeter rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the Electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter, in the room of Sir Bartholomew Shower Knight, deceased.

Thomcm Erie Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Portsmouth Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; Writ, and also for the Borough of Warcham, in the County of Dorset; made his Election to serve for the said Borough gf Wareham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n to piake out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament far the said Borough of Portsmouth, in the room of the said Thomas Erie Esquire.

Sir

-V

13 W. Ill, 17 — 19°

iriek Sir Francis Blake Knight, being chosen a Knight of the - Shire for the Coufity of Nor; and also a Burgess for the Town of Benoick upon Tweed, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ* for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Berwick, in the room of the said Sir Francis Blake Knight.

sry at Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the lions, better preventing of Bribery and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill:

And it is referred to Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr.

Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Goring, Sir Kick. Cocks, Colonel Colchester, Sir Jos. Tredenharn Mr. Bromley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Comyns, Lord Coningsby, Sir H. Colt, Mr. Moor, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Coke, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Harley, Sir Hussey, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Price, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Gould, Mr. Yates, Mr Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bretotor, Mr. BarreU, Mr. Mr.

Dormer, Mr. Byrch, Sir John Phillips, SkJohn Mordant; or any five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Writ. Sr Thomas Haitmer Baronet, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk f and also for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Thetford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the jClerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Bufgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Flint, in the room of Sir Tho. Hanmer Baronet

denib A Complaint being made to the House, That many littee Strangers did Yesterday croud into the Committee of xtions. Elections, to the Interruption of the Business, and Dis-turbante, of the stud Committee;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, and consider of Methods to prevent Disorders at the Committee of Elections; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Gorge, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Jos. Tre-denham. Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Smith, Sir William Forester, Sir John Bolls, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Johnson, Sir Tho. Poays, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Mr. Pagit,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dormer, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Carter, Lord Powlet, Mr. Pershall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

' Mr. Conyers, accotdittg to Order, reported, fro'tri the Committee of the whole House, vrho were to ednsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions, Which they had directed him to report to the Hottsd; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ht foe Clerk's Table: Where the same werfe' read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That, of the Eighteen thousand Three hundred and Twenty-eight Men, that are to he raised to make up his Majesty's Quota of Forty thousand Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of his Allies, Eight thousand Three hundred and Twenty-eight be his Majesty's natural-born Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That, of the said Eight thousand Three hundred and Twenty-eight Men, Five thousand be Foot, Two thousand Horse, and One thousand Three hundred and Twenty -eight Dragoons.

Januarii. 68;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the said Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, the Regiments in Pay in England and Holland shall be filled up to the Numbers they were in the late War.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the remaining Ten thousand Men, to complete the Quota of Forty thousand Men, be Foreigners, consisting of Nine thousand One hundred and Eighty-eight Foot, and Eight hundred and Twelve Horse and Dragoons.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Ordnance do lay Ordnance before this House an Estimate of the Charge of the Estimate. Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House of Troop* in the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, now in Ireland-Ireland, and the Number of Soldiers in each Troop and Company.

A Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person; Security of and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; p awl and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of succession. Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; was, according to Order, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government; and for maintaining the Succession of the Crown, according to the Two late Acts of Parliament; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Publick ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole AccoubU" House upon the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of foe Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

( '

Lunctj 19° die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertiu

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee, who were to con- Expjn^ sider of the Laws expiring, and report the same to Laws, the House, have Power to report their Opinion, which of the said Latfs they conceive fit to be continued.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Linens im-cttid others, Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, ported from was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That: Gerraany* the Buying and Selling of Linen Cloth and Canvas, imported from (ierrriany and Frame, and of what is made in England\ has been an advantageous Trade to the said City, and paid great Customs; but, of late great Quantities have been clandestinely run from France, and sold at so low Rates, that the fair Trader, who pays Customs, cannot deal therein: And praying, That the House will provide such Remedies as may prevent the like Inconveniences.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture: And that they do report their Opinion, what they conceive necessary to be done therein.

Mr,

Irish

Forfeitures.

Insolvent Debtors.

Receivers in Arrear, and their Securities.

684 ' " 190 Januarii.t . A. 1701.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Two of the Irish Trustees are come to Town, pursuant to the Directions of their own Board, to give an Account of their Proceedings: And that they were come away before the Order of the House, of the Seventh of January instant, was come to the Trustees.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt was referred, that they had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to move, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners.

Ordered, That it be re-committed to the same Committee, to report their Opinion to the House upon the said Petition: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Receivers in Arrear, and under

On the Second Three Shillings Aid, 1698

On the Poll 1698 -

On the Duties on Houses . - -

On the Duties on Marriages, &c.

Mr. Augustine Briggs, late receiver for the County of Noifolk: The Names of his Security are, Edmund Cock, of the City of Noncich, Draper; John Drake, of the same, Alderman; and John Huriton, of the same, Brewer. This Receiver's Debt was 18,559/. 9$. and

On the Twelve-pence Aid, 1697 -

On the Three Shilling Aid, 1698 - -

On the Poll, 1698 -

On the Duty on Houses, &c.

Memorandum: That Leonard Blofeild, of the City of Noncich, Gentleman, was joined with the said Mr. Briggs for the Receipt of the Duty on Houses, Part of the said Debt.

Mr. Thomas Cobb and Mr. Richard Cobb, late Receivers for the County of Southampton: The Names of their Security are, the Right Honourable his Grace Charles Duke of Bolton-, Lord JVm. Poulet; John Burrard, of Le-

On the First Four Shillings Aid, 1692 Oh the Third Three Shillings Aid, 1699 By Estimation, for want of Duplicates, on the Duty on Ditto, on the Duties on Marriages -On the Second Two Shillings Aid, 1700

Memorandum: 3,000l. of this Sum of 7,895/. 18 s. 6 d. is agreed to be paid by the 12th February next; and the Account to be cleared by the First Week in Easter Term.

Mr. Morgan Whitley, late receiver of Cheshire and North Wales: The Names of his Security are. Sir John Manwaring of Povei', in the County of Chester, Baronet; Sir Mich Biddulph, of Elmhurst, in the County of

Prosecution in the Exchequer, with the Names of their Securities: And also,

The Supers upon Collectors, and Deficiencies m several Counties:

And the Titles thereof were re&d.

And the First Account is as tblloweth; viz.

John Mason, late Receiver for Cambridgshire: The Names of the Security are, Sir John Conyers, of Great Slaughton, in the County of Huntington, Baronet, who has agreed to pay his Proportion; Robert Appreece, of Washingly, in the said County, Esquire; John Farrer, of Little Gidding, in the said County, Gentleman; John Pickering, of London, Silkman; and Robert Williams, late of Bugden, in the same County, Gentleman, deceased. This Receiver s Debt was 9,79.1 /. o s. id: But there has been lately paid, by the Security, the Sum of 2,736/. 121. 5 d,y and they have lately undertaken to pay speedily the remaining Debt, which doth consist of the Particulars following:'

£. s. d.

- - 2,393 16 of

- - 3.640.*7 . 5*

732 13 2

287 10

£7,054 7 8

the Lands are now conveying to the King's Use, to be sold; which, together, with the usual Allowances made to Receivers, will very near, if not altogether, clear the Remainder of the said Debt, consisting of the Particulars following:

- - 1,521 13 2

- - -: 6,907 14 6

- - 2,799 2 6

4,111 2 11

- . £*15,34713 If

mingtqn,' in the County of Southampton, Gentleman, deceased; William Bishop, of Southzvarmbdi'ough, in the said County, Esquire; Arnold Squib, Gentleman; and John Purdue, of the City Of Winchester, these Receivers Debts, by 'Estimation, the Duplicates being not all returned, do amount, as by the Particulars here undermentioned; viz.

£ s- d.

- - 3,536 18 6

- - 993 0 0

Houses - - 1,000 0 0

- - - 500 0 0

- - ‘ 1,866 o 0

£ 7,895 18 6

Stafford, Baronet; Tho. Whitley, of Aston, in the County of Flint, Esquire; Luke Lloyd, deceased, late in the said County of Flint; William Butler, of Cornish, in the same County of Flint, Gentleman; Samel Lloyd, of Place-Waddock, in the same County, Gentleman. This Receiver's Debt, as stated by the Auditor, amounts to the Sum of 43,22 61. 18$. 7f d.; consisting of the Particulars following; viz.

On

This Sum is 15,343b 13 if d. is the original Account; but both that and the Journal are wrong: ltshould be 15:339 I3f>

V

Goc

i 3 W. IIL

190 JanuaAu

<585.

On the Review of the Poll, 1698 -

On the Quarterly Poll, 1690

On the Four Shillings Aid, *693 -

On the Third Four Shillings Aid, 1695 s.

On the Fourth Four Shillings Aid, 1696 - -

On the Duty on Houses for Three Years, to Lady-day")

1699 - - -.....$

On the Three Shillings, One Shilling Aids and Subsidies, > 1697 - - - ... - - - - j

On the Quarterly Poll, 1098 ..

On the Three Shillings Aid, 1698

On the Second Four Shillings Aid, 1694

On the Duty on Marriages, &c.,by Estimation for Four > Years - 3

Surplus on Accounts of the First and Second Four Shil-

..... - - - s

lings Aid

Cheshire. North Wales*

s. d. £ d.

7 2 7

175 15 to

- 10 8 11

4,555 4 4

4,808 3 7* 2,246 5 4*

4,414 to 2 4,047 18 2

4,162 0 oi 5,207 13 3

2,792 *9 H 1,330 7 10*

2,381 19 6 5,593 7 nf

- - - " - 1,334 3 31

23,248 4 oi 19,759 15 10 i

1,000 0 0 ljOOOO 0 0

23,248 4 0-i- 20,759 15 10 f

i,475 2 ii 305 18 5

22,773 1 1 L 1 20,453 17 5*

Receivers in A near and their Securities.

Memorandum: That the usual Allowances, Mint Tickets, Supers, and Arrears, upon the several Counties aforesaid, by Estimation, to be deducted from the aforesaid Charge, may reduce the said Sum of 43,226/. 18$. 7{d. to about the Sum of 25,000l. Mr. Thomas Spendelow, deceased, late Receiver for the County of Stafford: The Names of his Security are, llalph Sneyd, of Keek, Esquire, in the County of Stafford; John Lawton of the County of Chester, Esquire; Tito. Spendelow, of Tilly, in the County of Salop, Gentleman; William Rowley, deceased, late of Newcastle, in the said County of Stafford, Gentleman; Peter Spendelow, of Nor bury, Gentleman. This Receivers Debt was 4,369/-;

On the Third Three Shillings Aid, 1699 , On the Fourth Three Shillings Aid, 1696

On the Duties on Houses, by Estimation, Two Years

On Marriages, &c. ditto -

On the Second Two Shillings Aid, 1700

but there has been lately paid by him, and Security, the Sum of 1,700l.; so there remains of this Debt, on the Third Three Shillings Aid, the Sum of 2,669/. 0$. od.

Mr. Thomas Doytey, late Receiver for the County of Monmouth, and of the Duty on Marriages, &c. for the County of Surry: The Names of the Security are, Daniel Barton, of St. Sepulchre's, London, Pewtierer; Tho. Joyner, of Fresh Wharfe^ London, Merchant; Loyd Doyley, of Lombard Street, Goldsmith; William Kent, of St. Alhallowes in the Wall, London. This Receivers Security have lately paid the Sum of 1,351 /. Ss. 4 d. and the remaining Debt, is as follows; viz.

£-1,000 500 700 500 1,680

s.

o

o

o

o

11

d.

o

o

o

o

8

L s. d.

4,380 11 8

Memorandum: That the usual Allowances, Supers, and Arrears, by Estimation, to be deducted from the aforesaid Charge, upon the passing this Receiver s Accounts, may reduce the said Sum of 4,380/. 11$. 8 d. to about 2,000l.

Phillip Bearecroft, of the City of Worcester, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Worcester: The Names of his Security are John Bearecroft, of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, Esquire; William Bromley, of Worcester, Esquire; Robert Wilde, of the same Place, Esquire. This Receiver s Debt, as stated by the Auditor, amounts to the Sum hereafter mentioned: £. s. d.

On the Second Four Shillings Aid, 1693 1,322 12 10

On the Second Three Shillings Aid, 1698 Ou the Third Third Three Shillings Aif(, 1699 On the Second Two Shillings Aid, 1700

Mr. Nathanael Molineux, late Receiver of the County of Lancaster: The Names of his Security are, William Molyneux, of Hawkelly, in the said County, Gentleman; Nathan Abraham, of Warrington, in the said County, Gentleman; James Rogers, of Manchester> io the said County, Mercer; William Travis, Of Liverpook, in the said County, Merchant. This Receiver s Debt was 10,500 /. on the First Four Shillings Aid; and his Lands are now conveying to pay off the Remainder; which is the Sum of 3,737/. 0$. 4 d.

Francis Earl of Bradford, Receiver General for his Majesty's Household, stands charged,

£ d. s. d.

- - - - 3.397 o o

4,897 o 0 - 4,646 0 0

Memorandum: There hath been no Account passed for the King's Houshold since the First Four Shillings Aid, granted in the Year 1692; but, by comparing the Payments upon the subsequent Taxes, to the Year 1698, with the Sum paid in the Year 1692, there appears to be very little remaining in the Receiver's Hands.

On the Third Three Shillings Aid, 1699 On the Second Two Shillings Aid, 1700

Vox,. 13,

12,940 o o

Mr. William Kent, Receiver for the County of caster: The Names of his Security are, Wm.

of Aldgate, London, Linen-draper; John , of St.

Sepulchre's, London, Pewterer; Ralph Pearson, of the same. Scrivener; Daniel Barof the same. This Receiver's Debt is as hereunder specified:

£. s. d. £ *. d.

_ - 1,383 0 G \

_ 208 0 0

1,591 o o $ M Richard

19 — 20* Januarii.

A.

1701,

Richard Tregeare Esquire, Receiver far the County of Cornwall, owes, on the) Second Two Shillings Aid, 1700 - - - - y

Geo. Howells Esquire, Receiver for the Counties in South Wales, owes, on the} Second Two Shillings Aid, 1700 .: - 4. - - }

17th Jam I70f*

The latter Account is bound up with the other Papers Of this Session.

Ordered, That she said Account and Supers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

TotAt

c s. d. £. s. d

354 0 0

476 0 b

- . £. 80,383 12 5i

Wm. Lowndes.

Ceedings for the Improvement of Trade, since their last Account laid before this House.

Improve* ment of Trade.

Sir Henry Goodrich, according to Order, presented Orta* to the House an Estimate of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantation do lay before this House an Account, of their Pro-

And the Estimate is as followeth; viz.

For arming 4,000 Horse, 1,328 Dragoons, and 5,000 Foot For Tents for them - , - ' >-

Ammunition for the Army, consisting of 33,000 Foot,-and 7,000 Horse, and the whole Charge of the Train of Artillery, according to the Estimate, amounts to 34,806/. os. 3d. whereof, for the present supplying and fitting out the said Train -The Charge of proper Officers, Ministers, &c. belonging to the said.Train T

The Charge of Horses and Waggons,. &c. for the same - -

Contingencies for the same - - - - -

For the Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents of the Storehouses, and repair-} ing Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages; as likewise the Expence of Gunners f Stores in the several Garisons, and keeping the Stores in Repair, and other incident f ( Charges - - - . - - - j

For 20Q Ton of Saltpetre for supplying the Stores - - - -; -

£ s. 15,862 16 2,872 16

0

0

19,438 18 6

10,630 12 6 15,000 0 0 2,000 0 0

28,273 13 9 10,400 0 0

£104,47816 Q

H. Goodrich, J. Pulteney, Ja. Lowther,

C. Musgrave, Jon. Charlton, Wm. Boulter.

' \ - -. -Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Commission- An ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing, an Act, ers of Ac- intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to counts. take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also, an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; was read the Third time.

An ingrosssed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Commissioners to have. Power to state the Accounts of the Marine Regiment^: '

And the same was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, 01* behalf of some Officers of the Marines:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordei'ed, That all Committees be revived*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 20° die Januarii;

Anno 13° Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor Prisoners in the com- Debtors mon Gaol for the County of York was presented to Edition, the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have endured long Imprisonment, under great Hardships, and at the Gaol's Allowance, and Charity of their Friends and Relations, who are grown weary of their Supplies; and the Petitioners must perish, as several have already done, for Want, unless relieved by the House: And praying, That their Condition may be considered; and that a Bill may be brought in for the Petitioners Discharge.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen, Freemen of the City of London, confined for Debt in the Prison of Ludgate, in behalf of themselves, and many more, who are likewise confined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was referred.

Sir Hairy Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Insolrat to whom the said Petition was re-committed, That they ^btor>* had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt: And that Sir Henry Dutton Colt and the Lord Fairfax do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

2 The

1$ W. III.

£Ott — 2i6 JanUdriL

68f

TKe Honourable Maurice Ashley Esquire; being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Wilts; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Melcowk-Regis, in the County of Dorset; made his Election to serve for the County of Wilts.

Older ed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of MetcombrRegis, in the room of the said Mawke Ashley Esquire.

Thomas Ttenchard Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire foe, the County of Dorset; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Dwckester, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a. Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dorchester, in the room of the said Thomas Trenckenxl Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do* issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new "Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plimoubh, in the County of Devon, in the room of- Henry Trelawney Esquire, deceased

Ordered, That Sir William Drake, Mr. Anderton, Mr. Gape, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hairison, Mr. Tvedenham, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Two Irish Trustees, which are come to Town, are ready with their Papers, m relation to what is required by the late Act of Parliament; and that they did not doubt but, in a short time, they should be. able tQ give thq House a satisfactory Account of the other Matters required of them.

Ordered That the said Two Irish Trustees, who are in Town, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the several Reports upon the Irish Petitions, according to the Directions of the Act of Parliament.

The Honourable Goodwin Wharton Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Bucks; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Cockermeuth, in the County of Cumberland; made his Election to serve for the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his-Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the^ Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cockevmouth, in the room of the said Goodwin Wharton Esquire.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain or alter the Act made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Brewer, Sir Joseph Jekill, and Mr. Serjeant Whitaker, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the WidoWs of registered Seamen being offered to the House;

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up; -

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; is committed;

Vol. 13.

Arid a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* That they do take care, that the Oath* in the said Bill mentioned, be voluntary:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the j '8?‘

Telle, far the *«i '

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will/ ripohThursday Mom* ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, upon the said Bill. '

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned^: Committees.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for Maidstone the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, be Election* heard, by the Committee of Privileges and Elections* upon Thursday next, in the Afternoon.*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Merctirii, 21° die Jamiarii; ,

Anno 13° Willielmi Tertil

... ,; ' I

... Praveks.

THE Earl of Ramlagh, being chosen a Burgess for Castle-

the Borough of Westlow, in tSe County of Chrmvall, Rising Writ and also for the Borough of Castle-Rising, in the Count‘d of Norfolk; made his Election to serve for tire said BoFough of Westlow. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk Qf the Grown, to make out^ new Writ, for tire Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Castle-Rising, in the roorii of the said Earl of Ranelagh.

The Honourable Francis Godolphin Esquire, bein^ Eastlow chosen a burgess for the Borough of Helston, in the Writ. County of Cornwall; and also for the Borough of Eastlozp, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Helston.;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk t)f the Crown, to make out a new' Writ, for thfe Electing ar Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eastlow, in the room of the said Francis Godolphin Esquire.

Robert Dormer Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Northaller-Shire for the County of Bucks; and also a Burgess for Writ. Northallerton, in the County of York; made his Election to serve for the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Northallerton, in the room of the said Robert Dormer Esquire.

The Honourable Henry Thynn Esquire, being chosen Milborn-a Burgess for the Borough of Miiborn'Port, in the County Port Writ, of Somerset; and also for the Borough of Tanrworth, in the County of Stafford; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Tanrworth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Milboni-Pert, in the room of the said Henry Thynn Esquire.

The House being informed, That some of the Com- Revenue of missioners of Customs attended, according to Order; Customs,&c.

They

Revenue of Customs! Lc

688 21 Januarii. i70t.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Return to the Two Orders of the 16th Instant in the Papers following;

The Receiver General of the Customs his Account of the Payments into the Exchequer on the several Branches of the Customs, between Christm 1700, and Christmas 1701:

Th6 Comptroller General of the Customs his Account of the gross Produce. in the Port of London, between Christmas 1700, and Christtnas 1701:

An Account of all Goods imported from India, not rated in the Book of Rates;

An Account of Goods imported from other Places, besides India, not rated in the Book of Rates:

An Account of Goods exported from this Kingdom, not rated in the Book of Rates.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said Return, and Two First Accounts, are as follow; viz.

The Return.

To the Honourable the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, of the 16th Instant, requiring the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account of the Names of all Goods imported and exported, mentioned in the Book of Rates to pay Custom ad; we have caused to be extracted, out of the Collectors Books, the Names of such Goods, which, for not being mentioned in the Book of Rates, have been admitted to pay Duty, according to the Value sworn by the particular Importers on their respective Entries; which is what, we humbly presume, may answer the Intention of the House in that Order: Which Extracts are digested, by Alphabets, in Three Accounts hereunto annexed, for easier Observation; viz.

1. An Account of Godds imported from India, hot rated in the Book of Rates:

2. An Account of Goods imported from other Places, besides India, not rated in the Book of Rates:

3. An Account of Goods exported from this Kingdom* not rated in the Book of Rates.

And, in further Obedience to another Order of this Honourable House, of the same Date, requiring an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Customs, distinguish* ing the several Branches of them, for the Year ending the 25th of December last; we have caused the Receiver General of the Customs to draw out, in an Account hereunto annexed, the total Payments into the Exchequer, as well from the Receipts of the Out Ports, as in London, on the several Branches under our Management, between Christmas 1700, and Christmas 1701: But we crave Leave to observe, That the Account of the total gross Produce cannot be yet completed to the Books

from the Out Ports, for the last Quarter, being not yet sent up; but we will take care to get them in as soon as possible: In the mean while, we have annexed an Account of the gross Produce of the Port of London, in the said Year, as it is laid before us by the Comptroller General of the Customs: On which last Account, we must, nevertheless, observe, that the East India Company's having a Privilege to take out Bills at Sight on their Entries, and the Collector being not chargeable with a determinate Sum till those Entries are perfected, there may be several Ships standing out, the Duties whereof, with regard to the Importation, ought to be reckoned within the gross Produce of that Year; but cannot yet be brought to a regular Account till the Sights are perfected; which happens to be the Case every Year.

All which is humbly submitted.

Ben. Overton, C.

Sam. Clark, T. Newport,

A. Maynwa

An Abstract of the Payments into the Exchequer on the following Duties, from the 25 December 1700, exclusive,

to the 25 December 1701, inclusive; viz.

Arrear of Customs -

Customs -

Arrear of Imp*. 90. Silk, &c.

Imp*. 90. Silk, &c.

Arrear of Imp*. Wine and Vinegar

Impost Wine and Vinegar -

Arrear of Imp*. Tobacco -

Impost Tobacco -

Additional Impositions -

Coffee, &c. for Transports -

Scotch Linen, &c.

French Duty 2d 25 per Cent.

Tonage on French Ships -

Tonage on English Ships -

New Duty on Coffee, Tea, &c.

Enumerated Duties -

Arrear of new Subsidy -

New Subsidy ——

Coals and Culm -

Cinders ——

Additional Imp*, on India wrought Silk, &c.

15 per Cent on India wrought Silks, Muslins, &c. Coinage Duty -

4s per Cent ——

Impost on Paper - -

Impost on Leather -

£ 8. d.

9.876 11 2i

412,128 11 2i

182,872 9 2i

20,277 18 8*

190,832 3 31

6,659 9 9i

121,256 3 4t

432 16 0

56,101 11 H

10,605 19 ni

21,347 3 5i

67,659 4 3

491 3 10

105 9 51

'0,756 19 7

>.9»9 3 81

7.150 0 0

312,704 18 51

148,081 18 10J

709 9 10i

7,188 11 11

'9.312 16 9

10,739 2 ni

18,425 4 10

47 2 8*

127 11 5i

£.1,637,809 13 0

Hen. Feme, Receiver General.

The

13 W. III. 2i° Januarii. 689

The said Comptrollers Account of the Gross Receipt of the Customs in the Port

ended at Christmas 1701.

Old Customs -

New Subsidy -

Imp* on Poundage-Goods to Michaelmas Ditto since ——

Imp* on Wine, &c. to Michaelmas - Ditto since ——

Imp* on Tobacco, &c. to Michaelmas Ditto since ——

Additional Impost on Poundage-Goods -Transport on Duties expired 1st May New Duty on Coffee, &c. since Imp® on Scotch Linen, and Whale Fins -French Duty 2d 25 per Cent, and per Ton Impost on India wrought Silk On Muslins 15 per Cent -

French Tonage -

Coals and Culm -

of London, for the Year

Gross Receipt in Money and Bonds.

620,195 1 10 398,658 16 31 301,015 16 4f 33,372 15 4 167,07 3 15 8 10,228 9 iof

256,434 2 6|

8,344 6 3 63,255 4 9i 12,681 10 5f 11,633 11 of 19,461 16 1

56,562 17 3 8,669 10 5 118,030 i o 223 10 o

96,115 13 2

2,181,956 18 Si

The other Three Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

R. Holt, Comptroller General.

The Lord Coningsby presented to the House a List Forces in

and Numbers of the Forces upon the Establishment of Ireland. Ireland, commencing the 1st of August 1701.

And the said List was read; and is as followed); viz.

REGIMENTS

IN IRELAND.

HORSE.

Colonel Harvey's Regiment -

Earl of Arran's -Brigadier Langstons -Late Earl of Macclesfield's -

Total of the Horse

DRAGOONS.

Earl of Essex's Regiment ——

Colonel Ross's ——

Colonel Ech/yn's ——

Colonel Cuningham's ——

Total of Dragoons

FOOT.

Brigadier Fairfax's ——

Colonel Colenbine's ——

Late Sir John Hanmores -

Colonel Tidcomb's ——

Colonel Gustavos Hamilton's

Major General Erie's - -

Colonel Brudnall's ——

The Lord Montjoys -

The Lord Charltmont's -

The Earl of Donegal's -

Total of Foot Total of Horss, Dragoons, and Foot

Vol. 13.

g C §.5 fi a a. c 8 £ £ 0 HU Private Men ' in pnrh

6 36

6 36

6 36

6 36

24

6 36 I

8 36

6 36

6 36

26

10 38

10 38

10 38

10 38

10 38

10 38

10 38

10 38 I

10 38

10 38

100

150

8 N

690

2i0 Januarii.

A. 1701.

REGIMENTS

THE WEST INDIES.

Colonel Brewer's Brigadier s Brigadier Tiffins

- a s.

3 fin the West Indies £ (In Ireland

In all

Troops and Companies. Private Men in each. 1 Commission Officers. Non-Commission Officers. Private Men, in all. Together.

_ 10 60 33 51 600 684

- 10 Co 33 51 600 684

10 60 33 51 600 684

- 30 99 53 1,800 2,052

- 150 546 716 0 O vo ^5 6,802

- 180 545. 869 7,400 8,9 >4

Irish

Forfeitures.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Two of the Irish Trustees attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Reports from the Trustees, on several Petitions to them referred, with a Schedule of them; and acquainted the House, That they expected other Papers Tomorrow, or Friday; and hoped they should be ready to give the House Satisfaction in all the Matters desired of them.

And then they Withdrew.

The Reports are bound up with the Reports of the last Session*

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Henry Goodrich presented to the House an Estimate Ordnance of the Ordnance for a Train of Artillery: And also, &llnwk<-

A List of the Officers, &c. to attend the Train: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of Horses for a Train of Artillery: And also,

A Computation of the Ordinary <rf the Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1702.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

And the Estimates are as follow; viz.

The Estimate of the Ordnance, &c. hereafter mentioned, being to complete a Train of Artillery for his Majesty's Service.

Brass Ordnance mounted on travelling Carriages^ Saker complete - - - - -J 3 Pounders

Brass Mortar-pieces mounted on Bodies of Car-[ of 10 Inches riages - - - - -J of 8 Inches

Spare travelling Carriages, with Limbers, complete - -.....J

Spare Bodies of Carnages for Mortar-pieces

Spare Limbers

Saker

3 Pounders of 10 Inches of 8 Inches Howitzers mounted on") travel] ing C arriages J SpareCarriages for ditto Saker

3 Pounders

Spare Hind-wheels «... m f Saker 1 3 Pounders -

Sparc Fote-wheeU - - / Saker ~L 3 Pounders -

Spare Extrees for travelling Carriages - J Saker "[3 Pounders -

Spare Wheels for - . - Howitzers -

Spare Extrees for - - - Howitzers -

Munition for Ordnance, Mortar-pieces, See.

Round Shot for - m f Saker - -"I 3 Pounders C\- o o o o

In Cases filled with Musquet-shot - - / Saker - - 1 3 Pounders - 280 - 320

Granado-shells for - - Howitzers - 1,000

Ladles arid Sponges - - - C Saker - -3 Pounders - 14 4 - it) 6

Cases of Wood - - - - f Saker - 28

3 Pounders - 32

Ladle Staves - 30

Tunnels of Plate 6

Hatchets 2,000

; - - Sheet-lead - - 5 C.

14 Ordnance 16 Carriages -4 Mortar-pieces 6 Carriages -3 - - "

3 - -

1 -

2 -

2 - -

2 Pair -2 Pair -

3 Pair at 3 Pair at 2 Pair at

2 Pair at

3 at,

3 at

2 Pair at 2 at - -

£. s. 10 12 . 7 2 8 11

4 12 1 o

3 J6 1 2 6 1 6

£ S-3,0/5 0 644 18 390 190 5i 71

25

5

640 0 0

0 16 18

16

6 3 5 0

8

24 13

2 13

40

4

3

3i

21

17

9

3

2

Tons. C. Q. I. 5 8 2 at 12

d.

at 13 -at 8 -

Tons. C. I.

15 at 14

18 s . d. 5 6 3 1 1

1

2 2

4

2 -2 -<i -o -at 15 o -

Sic. Orig.

65 2 0

15 3 4 10 13 4

2t)2 10 0

519 0

400

1 17 4 1 17 4 1 15 0 0 15 0

200 0 0

3 15 0

13 W. Ill

21° Jamarii.

Forelockeys - -

Sledges -Field Beds -Coins i-Field Tampeons great

Ditto small -

Heads and Rammers great Ditto small -

Formers great -Small -Budge Barrels -Baskets -Canvas, Ells -Paper Royal -Oil -

Starch - -

Needles -Thread -

Lanterns ordinary -

Tin -

Dark -

Muscovia Lights ordinary -Wadhooks -Handspikes -Powder-horns -Priming-irons -

Lynstocks, with Cocks Tarpaulins for Guns -

Aprons of Lead -

Marlyn -

Twine -Wire -

Handscrews -Hammers -Pincers -

Brass Scales with Weights of 8 Pile Melting Ladles great Small Nails 40 d. -30 -

20 -

10 -

6 -

2 -

White Rope

Field Staves for Gunners Crows of Iron Linch Pins -Spikes - - *

60 20

60 Pr. - 2,500 60 P. 4 40 90

4 26 8 52 2 4 15 100 1,500 15 Reams -10 Gallons -30 Pounds -30 Dozen 30 Pounds -30

4 Inches 3 -2 I if

Tanned Hides Sheep-skins -Lamb-skins dressed in Oil -Tilts of Hair -Tallow, 4 C. Weight Grease, 15 Ditto Hand Bills - -

Shovels -Spades -Pickaxes

Haversacks, Hair Hand-granadoes Fuzees for Ditto Large Horseshoes Nails for Ditto -

Knapsacks Brass Kettles -Links Hand-mills Padlocks -Iron in Bars -Rods -Steel \ a C. Weight W'hipsaws Vol 13.

15

15

15

45

- . 60

- 60 60 30 30 30

150 lb.

- 251b.

- 15 lb.

4

30

30

4

4

4

- 2,000

- 2,000

- 4,000

- 4,000

- 5,oooo

- 10,000

1

2

1

2 40

- 6 Doz.

- 5 Doz.

30

2.000 4,oooo\ 4,ooooj 5?oooo

500

6.000

7.000

2.000 18,000

80

150

500

100

9

Ton

Ton

691

at £ 0 s. 17 d. 6

at 0 10 0

at 0 0 8 per Pair

at 0 0 3

at 0 0 if

at 0 2 0

at 0 2 Q

at 0 0 9

at 0 0 9

at 0 0 6

at 0 0 10

at 0 0 5

at 0 0 10

at 0 0 5

at 0 2 4

at 0 0 6f

at 0 0 9

at 0 17 0

at 0 4 0

at 0 0 4

at 0 0 if

at 0 2 4

at 0 1 8

at 0 3 8

at 0 2 9

at 0 6 6

at 0 1 9

at 0 0 9

at 0 0 9

at 0 0 2f

at 0 2 6

at 0 9 6

at 0 1 0

at 0 0 per lb.

at 0 0 8

at 0 1 0

at 2 2 6

at 0 2 6

at 0 2 6

at 2 18 0 -

at 0 2 6

at 0 0 6

at 0 3 4 per C.

at 0 2 6

at 0 1 8

at 0 0 10

at 0 0 6

at 0 0 2

Co. at 0 17 0

at 1 2 0

at 1 4 6

at 0 6 0

at 2 10 0

at 0 2 6

at 0 1 4

at 0 3 0

at 0 2 6

at 0 1 0

at 0 5 6 per C.

at 0 0 8

at 0 0 10 per M.

at 0 3 0

at 0 16 0

at 0 2 9 per Doz.

at 1 15 0

at 10 16 .0

- - - 1

at 0 0 7 per lb.

at 2 0 0

£ s. d.

52 10 0 0rdnance

10 0 0 Estimates.

2 0 9 /

31 5 0

p 7 6

0 8 Q

4 a 0

3 7 6

0 3 0

0 13 0

0 6 8

1 1 8

0 1 8

0 1 8

1 15 0

2 18 4

56 5 0

12 15 0

3 0 0

- 0 IQ 0

0 3 9

3 ip 0

2 10 9

2 15 0

2 1 3

4 17 6

3 lS 9

2 5 P

2 5 0

p 7 b

3 15 9

14 5 0

1 10 0

3 2 e

0 16 8

0 15 Q

8 10 0

3 15 0

3 15 0

11 12 0

0 10 6

0 2 0

3 ,6 8

2 10 a

3 6 8

1 13 4

1 5 4

1 16

34 6 Q

34 0 0

6 12 0

6 0 .9

69 0 0

JO 0 0

33 0 0

250 0 9

53 6 8

750 0 0

62 10 0

300 0 0

19 .5 0

66 13 4

9 0 9

V? v 9

129 0 9

£ *3 8

n$ 0 0

:54 0 9

*9 9 P

J22 *> P

1 12 8

12 0 0

Ordnance

Estimates;

69a

21° Januarii.

A* 1701.

Hand-saws Sickles Scythes Forage-lines Slings for Horses Turnpikes -Tilts of Wadmill Pontoons fixed Carts for Ditto Harness for Ditto Brass Petards Hand-barrows Pitch Tar -Candles Lead -

Moulds for Shots Nippers for Ditto Grindstones Barehides -Bushel Bags Ditto Half Bushel Sacking

Jk . - 150 at 0 1 10

- 100 at 0 5 0

- 2,000 at 0 0 10

at 0 14 0

at 1 10 0

at 1 10 0

m . - - - 18 at 55 0 0

18 at 17 4 0

at 1 5 6

at 12 0 0

at 0 3 C

4 Barrels -

Ditto - at 1 7 0

500 lb. - at 0 0 5

- - - - . - - 3 Tons - at 12 0 0

- - . _ - - - 4 at 0 6 0

1 at 0 4 0

at 0 10 0

10 at 7 10 0

- - - 500 at 0 1 8

600 3,000 Yards

Tarred Thread - -3° Pounds -

Pack Needles - -- -- -1 Gross

Sacks for Com - - - -.....100 at

Felling-axes - 25 at

Rubstones - -.....100 at

Pickets shod with Iron ----- - 150 at

Harquebus Armour, Three Suits - -- - - at

Wheelbarrows - 100 at

Waggons, &c. for Carriage.

Small Carts - 30 at

Forge Waggons - - 2 at

Sling Carts ----- --- - - 2 at

Gins furnished.....3at

Harness for the Ordnance Waggons, &c.

d.

at

at

at

o 10 o gf 2 6

3 1

o

4 o 19

0 5

0

6

1 i 6 o o

Trace Harness Ditto Thrill Fore-horse Halters Bit Halters -Hemp Halters Car Whips -

ll9

60

60

119

m

60

Harness for Men.

At 50 to a Set ----- --- 41

At 30 to a Set - 10 pets.

At 16 to a Set ----- -- 16J

Trace Harness Ditto Thrill Fore-horse Halters Bit Halters Hemp Halters Horse Collars Cart Saddles

Corn Powder Match

Musquet Shot Carbine Shot Pistol Shot -

Snaphance Musquets -Carbines -Pistols - -

Long Pikes Halberts -Bayonets -Cartouch Boxes -Granado Pouches Hammer Hatchets Bandaliers -Flints -

Spare Horse Harness.

25

10

10

25

45

10

10

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

13 o o

53 o o

25 o o 700

1 5 6 Ditto 0 4.6

0 3 6

006 006

650

3 15 0

200

1 5 6 Ditto

0 o 0 0 o

4 6

3 6

0 6

3 4

4 0

Ammunition for the Ordnance and Army.

3,417 Barrels

- - - 10 Tun

- - - 147)

- - - 9 >Tuns

9)

Spare Arms, &c. for the Army.

3.000

- - 500

- - - - 500 p.

- - - - 1,000

- 40

.....300

4.000 300

- 1,000 Colla 3,000 - 400,000

at

at

3 10 o 29 o- o

L d.

1 16 0

*3 15 0 25 0 0 83 6 35 -o 150 0 90 0 99° 0 309 12 '37 14 72 0

35 0 7 17 5 8

10 8

36 0 .1 4 0 16

2 0 75 0

41 13

25 0 118 15

3 15 3 12 '5 0

» 17 0 12 33 15 2 17 25 0

151 »4

73 10 13 10 20 16

4 9 1 10

3» 17 12 15 2 5 4 7 1 2

1 13

2 0

at 15 o operTun

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

0 20 0 26 o 25

4 8

1

2

7 2 2

0 10 0 per M.

3,000 0 650 0 625 0 212 10 16 0 22 10 116 13 112 10 125 0 300 0 200 0

390 0 0 106 0 0 50 0 0 21 0 0

25 0 0 37 10 0 32 0 0

11,959 10 0 290 0 0

2,475 0 0

0

0

0

0

0

0

4

0

0

0

0

13 W. III.

Tickell Tents French Tents Tents for Horsemen Stand Polls Ridge Polls Tent Pins Mallets -Flock Beds furnished Short Pikes Hangers with Belts Carbines Halberts -Drums

2i° Januarii.

Tents for the Officers, &c.,of the Train.

693

£. s. d.

- - - 31 at 8 0 0

- - - - 94 at 1 1 0

- - - - p - 49 at 1 11 0

- - . _ _ _ 286I

at 0 0 13

- " - " 143J

- - - - 3.146 at 0 0 1

- - - - 143 ' at 0 9 8

- - - - - 49 at 2 l 0

- - - - 50 at 0 2 0

- - - - 300 at 0 5 6

- - - - 300 at 1 6 0

& at 0 ,8 0

- - - - 6 at 1 3 0

For the Tinmen Miners Smiths Carpenters Wheelwrights Coopers Collar-makers

Tools and Materials for the several Artificers.

Granado Shells.

/9* hoc 'I7i i,5c

,000

j5°°J Fusees -Fine Powder -Saltpetre Sulphur -Venice Turpentine Bee$-wax Resin -Fine Flax -

Pitch, one Barrel Rasps Glue -

Brushes - -

Composition Tables Glue^kettles -Cotton-wick -Fine Saws Paper, Royal Canvas -Tanned Hides

Brass Scales, with Weights of 6

Packthread -

Small Mallets

Ditto large -

Iron Drifts - -

Lawn Searces Ditto Hair -

Hooks for Granadoes Spare Bolts -

Spare Coins -

Hand-spikes Iron Crows Sponges -

Sheep-skins -

Hammers -

Office of Ordnance, 19 January 1701-2.

Materials for the Mortar-pieces. 87 Tons 10 C.

Piles

2,700 120 Barrels

1 C. Weight

50 lb. 20 lb. 40 lb. 30 lb. .10 lb.

6

20 lb. 20 2 4

10 lb. 4

2 Reams 100 Ells. 12 2 Sets 20 lb. 12 4 24 4 4

6 Pair

2 Dozen

Ditto

Ditto

12

24

2 Dozen 4

at 14 0 0

at o 5 6 per Cent

at 3 10 0

at 0 0 9

at o 0 18 at 0 0 16 at 0 0 8

at o 0 12

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

at

0 12

0 6

0

8

8

2

5

17

o

17

10

6

0

0

9

0

o

9

0

o

o 16 0 8 o 16 o 18 3 6 2 6 0 8

at 0 0 10

at 0 10 o at 0 2 6

at o 22 o at 2 2 6

Total - -

C. Musgrwve,

J. Pulteney,

Ja. Lowther,

Jon. Charleton*

£ S. d. j

248 0 0

98 14 0

75 J9 0

'* 178 3 l

13 2 2

t 3 15 4

100 9 0

5 0 0

82 10 0

39° 0 0

3 4 0

6 18 0

42 0 0

40 0 0

A7 0 0

32 10 2

l9 2 5

2 3 6

35 16 11

1,225 0 0

7 8 6

420 0 0

5 12 0

i 17 6

1 10 0

2 13 4

1 0 0

0 10 0

1 J9 4

0 6 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

0 16 0

1 12 0

1 7 6

1 0 0

1 14 0

3 15 0

10 4 0

5 0. 0

1 3 4

0 8 0

0 5 4

1 16 0

0 14 0

0 10 0

0 4 0

2 8 0

1 4 0

1 0 0

6 0 0

3 0 0

2 4 0

0 10 0

;. 34,806 0 3

Ordnance

Estimates.

The aforesaid List of the Officers, &c. to attend the Train; viz.

Colonel ——

Major - -

Comptroller -

Four Engineers ——

Paymaster -

One Assistant ——

Adjutant ——

This is a Mistake both in the Journal, and original Account: It should be 23 4 9 f This if likewise a Mistake both is the Journal, and the original Account: It should be 4 15 4

Vo i_ 13. 8 0

Pay per Diem.' £ s. d. 1 5 O

o 15 o 100 - 200

0 10 o 0 3 6 060

Ordnance

Estimates.

<594 3i° Jamarii.

Chaplain ——

Commissary of Hprse ——

Master Surgeon - ....

One Assistant ——

Provost Marshal ——

Kettle-drummer ——

Ditto Driver ----- --....

First Company of Gunners, consisting of A Captain ——

A IJeutenant -

Gentleman of the Ordnance -

Three Serjeants, ait 2<?. 6 d. each ——

Three Corporals, at 2 s. each ——

Twenty-five Gunners, at 1 s. 6 d, each ——

Twenty-fiveMatrosses, at 1 s. 3d.

Second Company of Gunners, the like ... Fire-master ——

Two Fireworkers, at 4$. each ——

Eight Bombardiers, at 2 s. each -....

Commissary of Stores ——

One Assistant -

Two Clerks, at 4 $. each ——

Twdve Conductors, at 2 $. 6 d. each - -.....-

Waggon-master - -- --....

One Assistant ——

Master Carpenter - -

One Mate..... ——

Eight Carpenters, pt 2 s. 6d. each.-

Master Wheelwright -

Three Wheelwrights ——

Master Smith -

Two Smiths, at 2 s, 6 d. each - . -

Master Collar-malcpr - - - - . - -

Two Collar-makers, at2*. 6rf. each -

Master Tinman -

One Tinman -

A Company of Pioneers, consisting of A Captain ——

Two Serjeants, 2$. each -

Twenty Pioneers, n s. each ——

A Company of Pontoon Men, consisting of A Captain ——

Two Corporals - -

Twenty Pontoon Men, atir. 6d. each

Quarter-master..... ——

Pay per Diem Pay per Annum

A. 1701.

0 8 0 0 6 0 0 5 0 0 3 0

0 2 $ 0 4 V 2 0

- 0 10 0

0 6 ,

0 4 0 0 7

0 6 M

1 17 $ 1 11 3

5 9 i

0 8 0 0 8 0 0 16 o 060

040 O80

1 10 0 0 8 0

0 $ 9 0 5 9 0 3 9 lop 0 4 0

0 7 6

0 4 9 0 5 9

0 4 9 0 5 9 0 4 p

— 026

0 4 0

040 lop

0 5 0 0 4 p 1 10 0 060

- 29 2 6

- 10,630 12 0

C Musgrave, H. Goodrich, J. Pulieney,

Ja. Lowther, Jan. Charletony Win. Boulter,

The said Estimate of the Charge of Horses for the Train of Artillery, consisting of 34 Pieces of Ordnance, and Ammunition Waggons for 30,000 Men, as is used in the Low Countries. Horses.

Fourteen Saker; the First Gun Eleven Horses, and the rest Nine each - - - - 128

Four Howitzers, each Nine Horses - 36

Sixteen Three Pounders, each Three Horses - -.....---.44

Thirty Ammunition Cars, each Two Horses - - - 60

Twenty Pontoons; the First Seven Horses, the rest Five each - 102

Two Spare Carriages for the Saker, each Five Horses - - - 10

Ditto for the Three Pounders, a Gin and four Pair of Limbers - - - 14

Two Smiths Forges ----- ----- ----- 6

Two Spare Carriages for the Pontoons ----- ----- - 14

418

£. d

418 Horses, at One Guilder per Pay, for Six Months, amounts to 75>340 Garden; in Pounds') g - Q Sterling, makes - . . - - j>4

Ammunition Waggons for the Ordnance. , Waggons. Horse*.

For the Fourteen Saker, each Waggon Three Horses - - - 14 42

For the Four Howitzers - - - - . - - - 6 18

For the Sixteen Three Pounders - -- - - -- - 8 24

Ammunition Waggons for the Infantry:

Laden with Powder, Ball, Match, and Flints1 each Three Horses - - - 45 135

With Hand Granadoes fixed - -- 5 15

With Spades, Shovels, Pick-axes, Hoes, and Felling-axes - -- -10 30

With the Church Tent, Picket Guard Tents, Coals - - - - 3 9

11

13 W. III. 3i° Januarii.

with Nails, Plank, Uphers, Copper-plates, and Cordage -With Baggage Waggons ——

695

Waggons. Horses.

4 12

30 90

125 Waggons, each Three Horses, at Three Guilders Six Stivers per Diem, for Six Months, amounts') to 76,050 Guilders; in Pounds Sterling, makes ----- - - -j 0,9*3

Total of the Cannon Horses - 6,840

For Horses to be kept during, the Winter - -- - 2,247

C s. d.

o

o

Total - - - £. 16,000 o 0

707 0 6 5*oooo 0 a

A Computation of the ordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for tire Year 1702. Allowances and Wages to the Master General, principal Officers, Storekeepers, Engineers, Clerks,!

Labourers, Gunners, Fire-masters, Fire-workers, Bombardiers, See. daily attendant, and employ-1 ed, in the Office at the Torwer, Berwick, Carlisle, Chatham, Chester, Gravesend, , / 7,566 13

Guernsey, Portsmouth, Sheemesse, Hull, Jersey, Kingsale, Pendenis, Plymouth, Tilbury,

Tinmouth, Upnor-Castle, and Windsor ——

Kents of Houses for Officers, Governors, Storekeepers, Clerks, Labourers; and of Storehouses in Goodman's-jklds, ex Portsmouth, Plymouth, Kinsale, See. ——

Repairing Platforms, which are very defective at most of the Forts, Castles, and Garisons, in England; and making new, and repairing Defects of old, Carriages -Repairing Storehouses, Barracks, Bridges, Gates, &c. at the Forts, Castles, and Garisons -Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, and Sheets, and repairing the same, at the Forts, Castles, and Garisons Expence of Ladles, Sponges, Match, petty Emptions, and other Gunners Stores, and Flags, at the Forts, Castles, and Garisons; and supplying the Army with Ammunition for Duty and Exercise --- ----- - - -- --j

Cleaning and repairing Arms, Armour, and other Stores; and keeping the Trains of Artillery in a!

serviceable Condition ----- ----- -- -J *"00

Building of Barracks, and erecting newr and repairing the old, Fortifications, at 1

with the Charge of Officers and Workmen for doing thereof - - -j

Incident Charges of the Office, for Clerks, Labourers, &c. to take Remains of Stores, either fori delivering them into the Custody of a new Officer, or otherwise, at the Forts, Castles, and I

3.000

2.000

Garisons; and for Books, Paper, Postage of Letters, &c.

3,000 0 o

o a

2,000 o o

3,000 O 6

£28,373 13 9

II. Goodrich, J. Pulteney,

Ja. Lowther, JVm. Boulter,

C. Musgrave.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Earl of Ranelagh presented to the House the N umbers and Charge of the Forces, upon the present Establishment in England, compared with the Numbers and Charge of the said Troops during the late War, with the like for the Twelve Battalions in Holland: And also, The N umbers find Charge of the Forty thousand Men, consisting of Thirty-three thousand Foot, and Seven-thousand Horse and Dragoons, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, for making good the Alliances. And the Titles thereof were read:

And the said Accounts are as follow:

Vol. 13.

The

v

The said ACCOUNT of the Forces upon the present Establishment in England, compared with the Numbers and Charge during the late War.

ON

VO

ON

HORSE:

First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards -Third Troop of Guards Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment Queen's Regiment Colonel Wood's Brigadier Windhams Duke of Schonburg's

Royal Regiment Queen's Regiment

First Regiment of Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Guards-Sir Henry BeUasys' Regiment Major General Churchill's -Late Brigadier Trelawnys -

DRAGOONS;

FOOT:

The Twelve Battalions in Holland:

The Royal Regiment

Princess Anne's -

Eight Regiments more

Major General Stewart's Regiment

Present Establishment. During the late War. Difference in

t Numbers \ / Numbers r A

of Men and Annual Charge. of Men and Annual Charge. Numbers. Charge.

Officers. Officers.

> £ s. d. - £ s. d. £ s. d.

182 16,674 8 4 222 18,645 8 4 40 1,971 0 0

181 16,546 13 4 221 18,517 13 4 40 1,971 0 0

181 16,546 13 4 221 18,517 13 4 40 1,971 0 0

176 10,743 3 4 211 11,746 18 4 35 1,003 15 0

337 20,990 10 10 6l6 33,829 8 4 279 12,838 17 6

335 20,759 7 6 6l6 33,829 8 4 281 13,070 0 10

- - J 223 13,952 2 6 412 22,833 15 10 189 8,881 13 4

223 13,952 2 6 412 22,833 15 10 189 8,881 13 4

223 13,952 2 6 412: 22,833 15 10 189 8,881 13 4

2,o6j 144,117 4 2 3,343 203,587 17 6 10 .00 (0 50,470 13 4

294 11,096 0 0 589 20,652 18 4 295 9,556 18 4

294 1 I.O96 0 0 589 20,652 18 4 295 9,556 18 4

588 22,192 0 0 1,178 41,305 16 8 590 19,113 16 8

1,747 41,229 15 10 2,567 54,016 19 2 820 12,787 3 4

85 8 20,780 13 4 1,284 27,5" 17 6 426 6,731 4 2

582 10,518 1 8 928 16,145 3 4 346 5,627 1 8

- _ 582 10,518 1 8 928 16,145 3 4 346 5,627 1 8

582 10,518 1 8 928 16,145 3 4 346 5,627 1 8

Foot - - 4,351 93,564 14 2 6,635 129,964 6 8 2,284 36,399 12 6

Horse - 2,061 144,117 4 2 3,343 203,587 17 6 1,282 59,470 13 4

Dragoons - 588 22,192 0 0 1,178 41,305 16 8 590 . 19,113 16 ' 8

Total - - 7,000 259,873 18 4 11,156 374,858 0 10 4,1.56 114.984 2 6

1,668 28,463 18 4 1,856 31,712 8 4 188 3,248 IQ 0

- - 834 14,520 18 4 928 16,145 3 4 94 1,624 5 0

- - 6,672 116,167 6 8 7,424 129,161 6 8 752 12,994 0 0

- - 794 13,669 5 0 928. 16,14.5 3 4 1.34 2,475 18 4

9,968 172,821 8 4, 11,136 193,164 1 8 1,168 20,342 13 4

K>

hh

o

s?

a.

O'

p The said ACCOUNT of the Numbers and Charge of the Forty thousand Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, for making good the Alliances; viz.

jS The Numbers and Charge of Eighteen Thousand Three hundred and Twenty-eight Subjects; towards making up the said Forty thousand Men.

Us)

FOOT: Numbers. Charge per Annum.

Twelve Regiments of Foot already in Hollan<l> to consist of 12 Companies, of 59 private Men in a Company - - Six Regiments more to be seat thither, of the like Numbers - -- -- -- - 10,008 5,004 15,012 £ s. d. 251,305 16 11

HORSE:

One Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troops, of 50 Men in each Troop ----- ----- -- One Regiment of Horse, of Six Troops, of 50 Men in each Troop ----- ----- ----- -- Three Regiments more, of the like N umbers - - - 359 1,077 1,972 n 3,803 19 1

DRAGOONS:

One Regiment of Dragoons, of Eight Troops, of 54 private Men in each - - - - -Two Regiments more, of Six Troops each, of the like Numbers - 541 814 i,355 48,817 15 0

18,339

For the General and Staff" Officers of the said 18,328 Men, including the 6,469/. 12s. 6d. already allowed for that Service, upon the said Establishment of) 12,000 0 0

the Forces now in Holland -

For the Contingencies, including the 6,0001, already allowed for that Service, upon the said Establishment -

12,00.0 0 0

MemorandumThere is no Provision made»in the above Sums, for Forage allowed, during the late War, to the Foot and Dragoons; nor for Waggon-money allowed to each Battalion of Foot; n or for Hospitals and Medicaments. 437,927 11 1

HH

Qv

VO

<1

69S

ai° Januatii.

A. 1701,

Memorandum: The Six Regiments of Foot to be taken, Two out of England\ Two out of Sbotland, and Two out of Ireland:

The Five Regiments of Horse to be taken, Four out of England, and One out of Ireland:

And the Three Regiments of Dragoons to be takien, Tw o out of Ireland, and One out of Scotland:

The said several Regiments being now in Pay in the said Kingdoms; and so ready for immediate Ser-

vice,

But, in regdfd the Regimdrits in Scotland must be replaced by other Regiments, to bp raised for that Kingdom; and that all the abovb Regiihents of Horse and Dragoons, from England and Ireland\ are to be completed to the aforesaid Numbers; Levy-money will be wanting for this Service, as follows:

For the Regiment of Dragoons from Scotland, bonsisting of 324 private Men, at 15/. each, for*)

Man and Horse - -J

For the Two Regiments of Foot from Scotland, etich consisting of 708 private Meh; in all, 1,416 at 3 /. a Man - - - r - - ----- - -j

For 180 Men to be added to the Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troopi, to complete them from!

30 to 50 in each1at 20 L each Man and Horse - - - - J

For completing the Three other Regiments, to be taken out of England, being 120 Men in') each Regiment; in all, for the Three Regiments, 360 Men, at the same Allowance - -j

For the Regiment of Horse from Ireland, to complete them from 36 to 50 Men in each Troop ;!

84 Men, at the same Allowance - J

For 252 Men to be added to the Two Regiments of Dragoons from Ireland, to complete them^ from 36 to 50 Men in each Troop; at 15/. each Man and Horse - -J

For 208 Men to be added to each of the Two 'Regiments of Foot from England, to completed

them to the Number of the Regiments in Holland; at 3 /.'a Man - 1 - 1 - -J

For 328 Men to be added to each of the Two Regiments of Foot from Ireland, to complete! them up to the same Numbers; at 3/. a Man - - <- - . - - , - , -, -J

s. d.

4,860 0 0

4.248 0 0 3,600 0 0 7,200 0 0 1,68b 0 0 3,78b 0 0

1.248 0 0 1,968 0 0

Charge of the Levy-money .....- - 128,584 0 0

The Charge of the said 18,328 Subjects, with the Generarofticers, anil Contingencies afore-| n \

Total - - - £. 466,511 il l

1 ' 1 ': 1 m

The Numbers and Xharge of the 27,872 Foreigners to make up 40,000 Men;

DANES:

Four Regiments of Horse -Six Regiments of Foot

The Charge of which, including 400,000 Guilders for! Subsidies to the King of Denmark, comes to - -j

PRUSSIANS;

One Regiment of Horse Three Regiments of Foot - -

HESS'IA N S:

One Regiment of Horse One Regiment of Dragoons Three Regiments of Foot -

Number*.

1,760

4,376

6,136

Charge per Annum.

410

2,112

2,522

320

370

2,324

3,014

135,637 2 6

>44,961 7 6

The Charge of which, including 140,000 Guilders, Subsidies to the Landgrave, comes to - 7°,976 18 6

The Charge of io, boo Men more, to be provided, whereof 812 to be Hbrse and Dragoons, and}

9,188 Foot, computed according to the above Rates, and including therein 400,000 Guilders,> 196,892 12 0 for the more speedy obtaining the same, domes to ----- - v

General Officers for the foreign Troops - -- 10,000 0 0

Charge of the 21,672 Foreigners Charge of the 18,^28 Subjects Bread Waggons for 40,000 Men

478,468 1 ° 466,51111 1

20,000 0 0

ToTAt# - - - £.g64,919 12

0

iiccu

0

lltfu

Ordered,

sk em

ldrn

ction.

rtford

ction.

Diring

vs.

lication

ibels.

t rson to xamined erning

13 W. III. a i* — 22° Januarii. 699

Ch'dered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning: And that Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Warden of the

Fleet for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply,

rough of Malden, in the County of Essex, be made upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Hertford' in the County of Hertford, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir John Bollcs reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider what Laws are near expiring, and fit to be continued. That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he That the Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of has found out a Method to prevent die growing Evil of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for exempting exporting Wool: And praying, That his Proposal may Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, be received by a Committee.

Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices; and from Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition serving upon Juries; which will expire at the End of be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the this present Session of Parliament; be continued. Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to con-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the , Committee, sider of $\e best Methods of regulating and improving that the Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the same, his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, That the solemn

Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Greenland

shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; of the Greenland Trade; and of Methods for the Im- Trade, which will expire at the End of the next Session of Par- provements of it, for the Good of England: liament, after the Two-and-twentieth Day of November And it is referred to $ir Iienry Dutton Colt, Mr. Top~ next; be continued. ham, Mr. W'Id, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Clark,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Blathwaite, Me. Cocks, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Carr,

That an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Mr. Hysham, Mr. Birch, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dolben, his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effec- Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Wilpole, Mr. Paice, Mr. St. foe, tual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them w hither Mr. Moore, Sir Cha. Bloys, (Lord Chenie, Mr. Carter, by Law they ought to be sent; which will expire at the Mr Conyers, Mr -Oj}ley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ogle, Mr.

End of the next Session of Parliament, after the Twenty- Harley, Mr. Eagg, Mr. Gulston, Mr Owen; and all the fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Merchants of tjfie House; apd all fh?at serve for the Three; be continued. Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoongt

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House. Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Grants from

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon House an Account of the Grants passed since December the Crown, the said Resolutions: And that Sir John Bolles do pre- One tb.ousa.njd Seven hundred, pare, and bring in the said Bill, or. Bills. And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Methods for preventing Libels and scandalous Papers; April 1701.

and report the same to the House: A Grant unto John Farrar the younger, and Edw. Far-

And it is referred to Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rowland Tar, of the Estate of John Mason, late Receiver General Gwyn, Sir John Molesworth, Sir John Holland, Mr. of the Taxes for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ijnvther, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Winington, Mr. Harcourt, Ely, in Trust for the Benefit of the Purchasers thereof;

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Moor, Mr. Birch, Lord Coningsby, the said Estate being seized into his Majesty s, Hands, for Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Gorge, Sir Rich. Cocks, Lord the Sum of 9,791 /. .0$. 1 d. owing to the King on the Disert, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Johnson, Mr. said Masons Accounts: This, in Consideration of the Harley, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Robert said Masons Security having entered into new Bonds to Clayton, Mr. Coke, Sir JVm. Hastier, Mr Harvey, Sir his Majesty, for the Payment of the said Debt.

Cha. Shuckborough, Sir Tho. Hanmore, Mr. Hysham, Mr. A Grant unto Earnest Henry Ittersome Esquire, late

Price, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Foley, Sir Fra. Massam, One of the Equerries to the King, of a Pension of .120/.

Mr. Scobell, Sir Cha. Hotham. Mr. St. Leo, Lord Spencer, per Annum, payable at the Exchequer, during his Ma- Mr. Ashley, Mr. Grevill, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Curzon, Ser- jesty's Pleasure.

jeant Whitacre, Mr. Clark, Sir H'm. Thomas, Mr. Col- A Grant unto Dr. John Wallis and Wm. Blencow, and

Chester, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. King, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. the Survjvpr of them, of 100l. per Annum, payable, at t|ie Walpole, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Dudley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Exchequer, during his Majesty's Pleasure; in Con-Bierley, Mr. Bromley, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Tredenham, sideration of the said Dr. Wallis's Instructing of the said Mr. Stonehouse: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Mr. Blencozo in the Art of Deciphering.

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And they A Leasei to George London of a Piece of Ground, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. being Part of the Place called the Wilderness, or Wood-Ordered, That William Fuller be brought to the Bar. of work,\n St. James s Park, for the Term of Fifty Years, this House, to be examined concerning the Libels he has from the Date, at 6^. 8d. per Ann^m Rent; with, a written; and how he has been supported and main- Clause of ^Resumption, upon Repaying of the JNloney he tained. ;shall expend in the necessary Buildings and Improvements

Ordered, That the said William Fullci' be brought to thereon.

Vol. 13. May

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 22° die Januarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

APETITIQN of John Purchase, of Taunton, in Exporting the County of Somersett, Wool Merchant, was Wool.

Grants from the Crown.

70O

2 2* Januarii. 1701.

May 1701,

A lietease and Discharge unto Edward Earl of Jersey, of all Process, Seizures, and Extents, to which an Estate, which his Lordship had lately purchased of Sir John Crisp, in the County of Kent, may be liable, by reason^ of any Debts that are, or may be, contracted with the Crown by Sir Nicolas Crisp, John Crisp, and Tho. Crispy as late or present Collectors of the Customs in the Port of London.

June 1701*

A Grant unto Henry Earl of Gullway, of a Pension of 1,2501, per Annum, payable at the Exchequer, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Grant unto Charles Osborne Esquire, of a Pension of 2001, per Annum, out of the Revenue of the Post Office, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Grant unto William Young, of an Annuity of 249 /. 3$. 4d. payable at the Exchequer, during his Life; in Consideration of a Surrender of his Interest in certain Offices, Lodges, and Vvofiis,eXHampton-Court, amounting to that yearly Value, which he made to his Majesty.

A Warrant, under his Majesty's Sign Manpal, for granting unto Theobald Tawnsan, and others, for the Use of the Town of Weymouth, the Walls and Stones of the old Blockhouse, called Stand fort Castle; the same to be applied towards the Building or Repairing of the Bridge at Weymouth.

A Lease unto Jasper English, as an Equivalent for certain Meadow Land, by him surrendered to his Majesty, at Hampton Courty of several other small Pieces of Land there, with the House called The Toy, for the Term of 71 Years, concurrent with the Interest he has now in the same Premises, by Assignment from the Housekeeper at Hampton-Courty at several yearly Rente, amounting to 20/. 10 s. od. per Annum.

A Grant unto Samuel Travers Esquire, his Majesty's Surveyor General, and others, of a small Piece of Ground lying near Greenwich Hospital; habemT to them, and their Heirs for ever, in Trust, for the Benefit of the said Hospital, at 13 s. 4d. per Annum Rent.

A Discharge unto William Earl of Portland of 1,066 Ounces of gilt Plate, and 5,893 Ounces of white Plate, which he received from his Majesty's Jewel Office, upon his Embassy Extraordinary to France.

A Lease unto Matthew Prior Esquire, of a small Piece of Ground between the Wall of St. James $ Park and the House he now lives in, for 45 Years, from the Date, at 6s. id. per Annum Rent: This, in Consideration of 300l. paid to Antony Row Esquire, the present Fowl-keeper in St.James'sPark for his Interest in the Premises.

August 1701.

A Discharge unto Edw. Earl of Jersey of 5,701 Ounces of white Plate, and 1,192 Ounces of gilt Plate, delivered to him out of the Jewel Office, as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary for the Treaty of Peace; as also, of 1,082 Ounces of gilt Plate, received from the said Jewel Office, upon his being sent Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary for the Treaty of Peace.

October 1701.

A Warrant, signed by his Majesty, for granting unto Maynard Duke of Schonberg and Leinster9 and the Heirs Males of his Body, 1,000 /. per Annum, out of the Revenue of the Post Office, in Addition to his former Allowance of 4,0001, per Annum, payable out of the same Revenue, by virtue of his Majesty's Letters Patents in that behalf, by way of Interest and Reward, until 100,000l. which his Majesty resolved to bestow on Frederick Duke of Schonbei'gy Father to the present Duke, for his great Merits and Services, and as a Mark of his Grace and Favour to him, and his Posterity, shall be paid.

November 1701.

A Grant unto Peter King and Thomas Marriott, and their Heirs, at the Nomination of Henry Earl of Suffolk, and others, of the Mansion-house called Audley-End, Coni' Essex, with the Park, Lands, and Tenements, thereunto belonging, upon certain Trusts, in the said Grant mentioned: This, in Consideration of a Release made to his Majesty of 20,000 L which remained unsatisfied of 13

50,000l. agreed, by the late King Charles the Second, to be paid to James Earl of Suffolk, for the Inheritance of the said House and Park, as of a Surrender of the Olfices of Housekeeper, Under Housekeeper, and Wardrobe-keeper there, and a Release of all Monies due on Account of Repairs, or for Salary for keeping the same.

A Grant unto Susanna Parkins, the Widow of Sir William Parkins, executed for Treason, of all the Estate forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder and Conviction of the said Sir William; subject to the Payment of 200l. owing from Sir William to Francis Anmddl Esquire, and 500l. and Interest, owing from him to William Somerville Esquire; as also to the Payment of 116/. 3s. 10d. for the Charges his Majesty had been at in finding and seizing the said Estate.

A Grant unto Rob. Lord Lexington of 5,893 Ounces of white Plate, and 1,066 Ounces of gilt Plate, delivered to lum from the Jewel Office, as one of the Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries for the Treaty of Peace.. William Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster Grants ia do lay before this House an Account of all Grants in the said Duchy, since the sixth Day of March last. Ca‘kr‘

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of Chardin all the Charges his Majesty has been at in relation to the P^wm Treaties made, pursuant to the Addresses and Advice oflrealIt5, last Parliament

Sir Joseph Tredenham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery Eton* and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second timer

Resolvcdy That this House will, upon Saturday'Morti- pubirrxc-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole counts. House, upon the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Security mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Kingsi'ew Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of and.Suc* the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the ° ‘ Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; being read;

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care to make it equally penal to compass or imagine the Death of her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark, as it is to compass and imagine the Death of the King's eldest Son and Heir, by the Statute of Twenty-fifth of Eduard the Third.

The House being informed, That William Fuller is brought, according to Order; oflM-

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Ap<IKI. Examination of the said William Fuller, resolve itself «awd into the said Committee of the whole House. «w«=i

Then William Fuller was brought in; and, at the Bar, examined.

And then withdrew',

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holfoyd Commis-and Mr. Pitt: sionw?cf

Mr. Speaker, # w

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; without any Amendments. J

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered\ ,

r*

tit

ptr*

in

ft

b

k

x

ii

blication Libels — rsous nmoned.

urity vings bon and cession.

nmittees.

def*

ste.

rbour.

ro Writ.

13 W, III.

Ordered, That Mr. John Tutchin be summoned to attend this Mouse immediately.

And he, attending accordingly, was called in to the Bar; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Then William Fuller was called in again: And being asked, in what time he would undertake to produce Thomas Jones Esquire, and John Englesjeild Gentleman; he said, He would do it in Ten Days, having the Protection of the House for them.

And then withdrew.

The said William Fuller having undertaken to produce the said Thomas Jones Esquire, and John E??gles/ield Gentleman, in Ten Days time;

Ordered, That the said William Fuller do produce the said Thomas Jones Esquire, and John Englesjidd Gentleman, within a Fortnight next: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for the summoning of them accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Jones Esquire, and John Englesfield Gentleman, have the Protection of this House.

Ordered, That the said William Fuller be remanded to the Prison of the Fleet.

Resoked, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

701

electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Truro, in the room of the said Sir William Scawen Knight.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, in his Majesty's Gaol at Debtors Stafford, for Debt, was presented to the House, and read; Petition, setting forth, That, notwithstanding the y have offered their Creditors all the Satisfaction they can make, yet they unmercifully keep the Petitioners confined in Gaol; where they must perish for Want, if not relieved by the Charity of this House: And praying, That their miserable and deplorable Condition may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt shall be brought in.

Ordered, That the Numbers and Charge of the Forty Army thousand Men, consisting of Thirty-three thousand Foot, Accounts and Seven thousand Horse and Dragoons, to act in Con- referred* junction with the Forces of the Allies, for making good the Alliances; and also, the Numbers and Charge of the Forces upon the present Establishment in England, compared with the Numbers and Charge of the said Troops, during the late War; with the like for the Twelve Battalions in Holland; which have been presented to the House; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, and other Papers relating the reunto, which have been presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

2 2° — 23°

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. SI

Veneris, 23° die Januarii;

Anno 130 Williehni Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the enabling Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fieldsy in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Hinde, late of London, Goldsmith: And the same was received. The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for restoring the Harbour of Rye to it* ancient Goodness, for the Benefit of the Nation, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Offley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Hayes, Sir Chr. Wren, Mr. Top-ham, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Pkippard, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Clayton, Sir Hen. Peachy, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Newton, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Manly, Mr. Coke, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Gulston, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Owen, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Onslow, Mr. St. Loo, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Batch, Mr. Pope, Mr. Campion, Sir John Bolles, Sir Wm. Thomas, Mr. Tredenham, jMr. Harvey; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and for Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to send lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Scawen Knight, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall; and also for the Borough of Gratnpound, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Gram-found.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new W lit, for the Vox.. 13.

Ordered, That Mr. Pendarcis and Mr. Trefusis be add- Publication ed to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of of Libels. Methods for preventing Libels and scandalous Papers.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the Apotheeariei House a Bill for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempt from exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of £"Ilsh Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward u ccs* Offices; and from serving upon Juries: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Bolles also, according to Order, presented to Vagrant*, the House a Bill for continuing the Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them w hither, by Law, they ought to be sent:

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A petition of the Proprietors of Malt Tickets was pre- Creditors on sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in MaltTickets, 1697, the Petitioners lent their Money upon the Credit of the Act for laying a Duty on Malt; and many Persons were thereby paid as far as the Sixty-sixth Payment; and the Petitioners have had great Assurances, that they should also be paid; the late House of Commons having voted, That the paying off and cancelling Exchequer Bills, and Malt Tickets, will be a great Encouragement to Trade, and a Support of the publick Credit: That divers of the said Bills have been counterfeited, and are still liable to the same: And praying, That Provision may be made for Payment of Principal, Interest, and Prizes, due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Land Tax. House a Certificate of Money paid into the Exchequer on the Fourth Three Shillings Aid, to the Twenty-first of January 1701, inclusive; And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

8 Q Counties,

Supply.

Attainting the Pre-teuder.

Committee*.

70 a

33° — 240 Januam.

A.

Counties. Receivers. The Years Charge. Payments.

S. d.

Bedford . Hen. Whitbred - - 20,836 10,100 0 0

Berks - - - Lau. Ambrose - - 29.956 15,600 0 0

Bucks - - - Hugh Horton - - 34,777 15,500 0 0

Cambridge - - Tho. Seyliard - - 23,952 6,000 0 0

Chester - - - Tho. Lloyd - - - 20,868 5,000 0 0

Cornwall - Rich. Tregeare - - 23,33* 9,000 0 0

Cumberland - - - Tho. Brougham - - 4,932 1,700 0 0

Derby - - - Sam. Bradshaw - - *7,581 8,558 17 7

Devon - - - Burridge and Wood - - 60,259 17,000 0 0

Dorset - - John Derbie - - 24,164 12,000 0 0

Durham, &c. - - - Fran. Wivill - - - 18,349 6,000 0 0

York - The same - - 66,863 21,000 0 0

Essex - - - Nath. Rich - - - 66,406 27,854 5 101

Gloucester - - Rich. Cocks - - 33,457 17,500 0 0

Hereford - - Sam. Clark - - - 14,900 6,000 0 0

Hertford - - Robert Peters - - 31,357 13,000 0 0

Huntington - - Jeay and Dowse - - . - 11,308 6,000 0 0

Kent - - Wm. Fausett - - 60,887 24,000 0 0

Lancaster - - Wm. Kent - - - 15,315 6,000 0 0

Leicester - - Jarvas Bradgat - - 25,445 12,636 0 0

Lincoln - - - Cawthorp and Kent - - 52,702 23,500 0 0

London and Middlesex - - Sir Tho. Cuddon - - - 216,779 78,600 0 0

Monmouth and South Wales - Geo. Howells - - 19,433 5,000 0 0

Northampton, &c. - - - Ben. Mathew s - - 39,006 24,000 0 0

Norfolk - - Mosely and Brown - - 29,590 11,000 0 0

Norfolk - - John Ellis - - 32,186 15,000 0 0

Nottingham - - - John Bury - - - 19,903 9,000 0 0

Oxon - - - Sir Rob. Harison - - - 28,643 13,270 0 1

Salop - - - Geo. Hosier - - - 21,205 5,200 0 0

Stafford - - Wm. Burslem - - 19,789 8,000. 0 0

Somersett - - Cha. Brawne - - 53,066 19,977 0 0

Southampton - - - Tho. Austen - - - 40,299 17,800 0 0

Suffolk - - Sam. Pacey - - 53,864 22,000 0 0

Surry - - - Child and Nuthall - - 48,899 16,500 0 0

Sussex - - - Fren. Bromfield - - 44,384 16,250 0 0

Warwick - - John Andrews - - 29,088 12,000 0 0

Worcester - - Tho. Albert - - - 24,588 8,000 0 0

North Wales - - - Tho. Lloyd - - - 15,594 4,200 0 0

Brecon, &c. - - - Caleb Powle - - 4,191 1,500 0 0

Wilts - - - John Child - - - 37,779 15,000 0 0

King's Household - - - Lord Bradford - 7,797 0 0 0

£ 1,443,700 566,246 3 51

Ordered, That the said Certificate j do lie upon the Table, The House divided.

[701.

1" A n ear.

10>736

H356 *9,277' 17,95a *5,868 *4,331 3,232 9,023 43,259 *2,164

12,349

45,863

38,552

*5.957

8,

9oo

*8.357 5.3o8 36,887 9,315

12,809

29,202

138,179

'4,433

15,006

*8,590

17,186

i°,93

*5,373

6,005

11,789

33,089

22,499

31,864

32,399

28,134

17,088

16,588

11,394

2,691

22,749

7,797

877,453

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir Lacon JVm. Child.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales, of High Treason, with some AmendmentsTo which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees* be adjourned;

1

The Yeas go forth.

TeUer, for ,he

j*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Jurats of the sickand Town and Port of Dover was presented to the WouwW House, and read; setting forth, That, during the lateSwmtn' War, many sick and wounded Seamen were quartered on the Petitioners; and a great Debt was thereby contracted, which the Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen have given in to the House; for want of Payment whereof, the Petitioners are rendered incapable of the like Service, and reduced to great Necessities:

And praying, That their Debt may be provided for by the House.

Ordered\

13 W. III. 24° Januarii.

703

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Robert Earl of Leicester, Philip Earl of Chest erfield, Thomas Earl of Thanet; Sir John Hales, Sir George Pearce, Sit John Shelly, Baronets; Thomas Frerwen Esquire; John Stanycon and John Sharp Gentlemen; in behalf of themselves, divers Orphans, Widows, and others, Owners and Proprietors of several Thousand Acres of Marsh-land sewing into the River of Rothei', and Chanel of Appledore, within the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the Bill depending in the House, for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness, for the Benefit of the Nation, should pass, it will deprive the Petitioners of several Thousand.....of Marsh-lands, which they, and their Ancestors, have legally possessed for several Hundred Years past: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, by the said Committee, before they do proceed upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Roberts, Sir George Chout, Baronets; Sir Nicholas Pelham Knight; Robert Stace, Robert Gibbon, Esquires; Richard Hulse, Thomas Lanier, Luke Spencer, Felix Cadxvell, William Bishop, Thomas Frewen, Sam. Plumer, T/wnuis Holman, Gentlemen, in behalf of themselves, and others, Commissioners of Sewers for the upper Levels, containing several Thousand Acres of Land sewing into the River Rot her, and Chanel of Appledore, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the Bill for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness, for the Benefit of the Nation, should pass into a Law, it will much endanger the Drowning of the said Level; and the Owners will be thereby greatly damaged: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, by the said Committee, before they do proceed upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the ancient Company of Woolstaplers, Fcltmongers, Manufacturers of Wool, in the City of London, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, divers Commissioners were appointed to prevent the Exportation of Wool; who, unknowingly, deputed, for that Purpose, divers necessitous and broken Persons, who committed many violent Actions upon the trading People in the Woollen Manufactures, by seizing Wool bought at common Fairs, as going Home to be manufactured; and Wool brought from adjacent Towns, as going to London, to be used there; and seizing Wool passing from Staplers Houses to the Inns, when sold to Clothiers, extorting at least 1 o s. per Pack for Passage; all which was proved before the said Commissioners, who discharged such their abusive Officers, who yet lie lurking about, and prey upon the Goods of Traders, upon Pretence that the Wool is carried at undue Hours, contrary to the Act of 13th and 14th Caroli Secundi; and thereby seize the same in the Carriers Hands, that keep their constant Stages; to the great Oppression of the Subject, and Prejudice of the Trade of the Woollen Manufactures of England: And praying Consideration thereof, and Relief touching the same.

Yol. 13.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the.Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the bebt Method of regulating and improving the same: And that the Petitioners be heard, hv their Counsel, before the said Committee, to make out "the Allegations of the said Petition: And that the Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Counterfeit-continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of inS Com* his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Newtoii do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for reviving an Act, intituled, An Act for ex- Apothecaries empting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Con- exempt from stable, Scavanger, and other Parish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Mr. Speaker ceived a Letter from William Fuller: Which he read to eommuni-the House. *ate4s a

Letter.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- jrish night, take into Consideration the Reports from the Insh Forfeitures. Trustees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, according to the late Act of Parliament, take into Consideration the Reports from the Irish Trustees, which were laid before this House the last Parliament.

A Motion being made, That the House do take into Attainting Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Pre-the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the pre- tea(ier# tended Prince of Wales of High Treason;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents Precedents with relation to the Beginning of Bills of respecting Attainder in either House; and report the same to the ^aainder House:

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Musgrccce, Mr. Harcourt,

Mr. Foley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Cur-son, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Owen, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Donner, Mr. Hayes, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr.

Corny ns, Lord Coningsby, Lord Wm. P owlet, Mr. Brere-ton, Mr. Topliam, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Jacob, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Moncton, Sir Rowl. Gwyn, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Roberts; and all of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and to sit de die in diem.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the Quakers House a Bill for continuing the Act, intituled, An Act, Affirmation. That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lou'ndes, according to Order, presented to the charges in House an Account of several Sums of Money which his pursuance of Majesty has paid, or is obliged to pay, by the Treaties Treaties, entered into with the Kings of Denmark and Sweden, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, according to the Address of the House of Commons, for making Alliances, presented the Twelfth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and One:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

Paid

Vagrants.

7°4

240 Januarii.

last

suant to the last mentioned Treaty; with the Agio -j

Levy-money for the Danish Troops received into his Majesty's Pay, according to" said Treaty ——

The ordinary Pay of the Troops, from the respective Days of their being taken' into his Majesty's Service, to the -|4st December 1701 For the Transport of the Troops from Gluckstadt to Zwoll, and of the Sick and Baggage from thence to the respective Quarters; with the Demurrage of the Ships; and for Provisions, and other contingent Disbursements for Boat-hire, Expresses, &c. -

Waggon-money for the General Officers and Officers of the Foot; extraordiary' Allowance to the General Officers, and the Horse, while they were marching through the Country of Lunenburgh; and Forage for the Horse to the 31st of December ——

To Colonel Cadogan. and Mr. Aldersey, his Majesty's Commissaries for receiving the Troops in Holstein, and elsewhere, and to the Deputy Paymaster, for their Pains and Expences in this Service - -

tances to Hamborough ——

Incident Charges in transacting the Treaty at Copenhagen, and upon delivering over' the Troops, pursuant thereto ——

Six Months Interest of 700,000 Rixdollars borrowed by his Majesty in Holland for these Services, at 5/. per Centum per Annum, due in February next -

Total for the Danes -

Paid in Holland, to the King of Sweden, his Majesty's Half of the Sum of 200,000! Rixdollars, upon Account of Succours, pursuant to a Treaty with that Crown,

dated^atthe Hague, the 7th October 1708....

Paid in England, on the same Accqunt of Succours, by Cloth Paid, as before, by Gunpowder - -

Rixdollars. 1 A. 1701. Pounds Sterling, at 4 s, 6 d. each Rixdollar.

> 100,000

100,000

\ 79,880

\ 257,870

87,596

6,556

8,873

2,000

5,800

28,636

17,500

694,711 156,309 19 6

1100,000 22,500 0 0

/ 20,000 0 0 7,000 0 0

£ 205,809 19 6

This Account was presented to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury by Wm. Blathwait Esquire, his Majesty Secretary of War.

Wm, Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for continuing the Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir To*. Tre-dmhani, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Coket Mr. Harley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Dymock, Mr. Moor, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Drake, Mr. Dyot, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lee, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. White, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Roberts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide for the more effectual Punishment of idle, vagrant, and disorderly Persons.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do provide for the better Employment of the Persons committed to Workhouses, and Houses of Correction; and more easily Assessing of the Rates for the County Stock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do impower the Justices of Peace to name Officers for Extraparochiai Places, to put the Laws in Execution relating to Vagabonds, and the Poor, and other public Charges.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Punishment of incorrigible and dangerous Rogues: And that Sir Robert Clayton do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.'

Ordered, that the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the City of Coventry, which was begun to be heard on Wednesday last, before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be proceeded in upon Monday next, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the City of Norwich, before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, which was appointed by the House to be upon Monday next, do proceed, before the said Committee, next after the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the City of Coventry; and so the rest of the Causes before the said Committee, in Course, successively.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abbetors;

Ordered,

Coventry

Election.

Norwich

Election.

Publick

Accounts.

Security o( King's Person, ini Succession.

i 3 W. III.

24° — 26°

7°5

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Amendment of the Association, with regard to the late King James; he being dead.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do take care, that the Oath mentioned in the Bill shall extend to all Ecclesiastical Persons, and to all Members upon Foundations in the Universities, and all Schoolmasters.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do take care, that the Oath mentioned in the said Bill shall extend to all Preachers and Teachers in separate Congregations.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into' the said Committee, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Hedges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Hedges reported from the said Committee, That they have made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

An Addition was proposed to be made to the Question, of these Words, " after the Committee of the whole " House, upon the Supply granted to his Majesty -

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

} 46.

Teller, for U,e Yea

Teller, for ">e Noc^J-. ] 6l-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Dunce, 26° die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to search Precedents, with relation to the Beginning of Bills of Attainder in either House; and report the same to the House; have Power to search the Journals of the House of Lords; and report to the House what they find therein, with relation to the Beginning of Bills of Attainder, or adding Attainders by Clauses.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, that lie close confined in the Sheriffs Ward at Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, and in the behalf of many Thousands of their Fellow-sufferers in all the Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by inevitable Losses and Misfortunes, by the late War, and Alteration of the Coin, and otherwise, the Petitioners were reduced to Poverty, and thrown into Gaol by their Creditors, who know they are not able to pay their Debts j and yet keep the Petitioners confined in Prison; whereby they are rendered less capable of paying their Creditors; and might be serviceable to the Publick, if they had their Liberty, who otherwise must perish for Want: And praying, That Consideration may be had of their sad and necessitous Condition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill be brought in for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

VOL. 13.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to make Vesting the Statute of l* Willielmi et Maria, to vest in the Two Papist* Pre-Universities the Presentation of Benefices belonging to unWereidc*1 Papists, more effectual: And that Sir Henry Peachy,

Mr. Topham, Mr. Bromley, and Mr. Harcourt,-do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, this Mr. Speaker Morning, received another Letter from William Fuller: comm«jm-Which he read to the House. catesaLetter.

Ordered, That the Account of several Sums of Money, Charges in which his Majesty has paid, or is obliged to pay, by the pursuance of Treaties entered into with the Kings of Denmark and TJfartd Sweden, in the Year One thousand Seven, hundred and One, according to the Address of the House of Commons, for making Alliances, presented the Twelfth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and One, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of John Haynes was presented to the House, Woollen Ma-and read; -setting forth, That the Petitioner has Proposals nufactures. to offer, which will be of great Benefit to Trade, an Encouragement to the Poor, a Discouragement to our Enemies, and an Augmentation of his Majesty's Revenues, of 150,000l. per Annum, without any Prejudice to the Subject: And praying, That he may attend the Committee for the Woollen Manufactures, for the Benefit thereof, with his said Proposals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufactures; and to.consider of Methods for regulating and improving the same.

Ordered, That the Register of the Court of Admiralty Admiralty do lay before this House a Table of the Fees taken for Fees-all Causes and Matters done there.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. C!onyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Security of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole King's Perso* House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Succcs-Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

8 R

Martisj 370 die Januarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Peatees.

Bridges in A/TR. Farrer, according to Order, presented to the Highways. 1VJL House a Bill to explain or alter the Act made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege of a A Petition of # Newell, and others, being offered to

Member in the House; That notwithstanding the Privilege of Antoni/ a Suit. Burnaby Esquire, a Member of this House, the Petitioners may be at Liberty to proceed to a Tryal at Bar, this Term, touching an Estate they are in Suit for;

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Twelve Battalions of Foot, now in Service in Holland, be made to consist of Thirteen Companies in each Regiment.

2. Resoboed\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Companies shall be made to consist of Sixty private Men in each Company.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Remainder of the Fifteen thousand Foot shall consist of Thirteen Companies in each Regiment, and Sixty private Men in each Company,

4. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Regiments of Light Horse be recruited to Fifty-nine private Men in each Troop, including Servants.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Three Regiments of Dragoons, consisting One of Eight Troops, and Two of Six Troops, and each Troop of Fifty-four private Men.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be allowed for the Pay of the General and Staff Officers of the Eighteen thousand Three hundred Twenty-eight Men, including the Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence upon the present Establishment,

7. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be allowed for Contingencies for the said Eighteen thousand Three hundred Twenty-eight Men, including the Six thousand Pounds upon the present Establishment

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed for Levy-money, to the Dragoons to be recruited, Twelve Pounds each, for Man and Horse.

9. Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for Levy-money, for the Horse to be recruited, Twenty Pounds each, for Man and Horse, exclusive of Servants.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed for Levy-money, for the Foot to be recruited, Three Pounds a Man*

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Forty thousand Men, that are to act in Conjunction with the Forces of his Allies, until the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Seven hundred and Two.

4

2 70 Januarii. A. 1701.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resoboed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Twelve Battalioni of Foot, now in Service in Holland, be made to consist of Thirteen Companies in each Regiment

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; . An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, " including Servants And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said Companies shall be made to consist of Sixty private Men in each Company, including Servants.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, " including Servants

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resoboed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Remainder of the Fifteen thousand Foot shall consist of Thirteen Companies in each Regiment, and Sixty private Men in eaeh Company, including Servants.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Nine;" and inserting (t Seven," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Regiments of Light Horse be recruited to Fifty-seven private Men in each Troop, including Servants.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding " including Servants

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That there be Three Regiments of Dragoons, consisting One of Eight Troops, and Two of Six Troops; and each Troop of Fifty-four private Men, including Servants.

The Sixth and Seventh Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighth Resolution being read a Second time.

An Amendment w as proposed to be made therein, by adding, " exclusive of Servants

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That there be allowed, for Levy-money, to the Dragoons to be recruited, Twelve Pounds each for Man and Horse, exclusive of Servants.

The Ninth Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, " exclusive of Servants

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resoboed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the sard Resolution, so amended, That there be allowed, for Levy-money, for the Foot to be recruited, Three Pounds a Man, exclusive of Servants.

That last Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resoboed, That, in the Recruits and Levies now to be made, the Officers now in Half-pay be, in the First Place, employed.

We'

fir*

Pocr->"

ts in his nty's ly of aster.

ilden

sction.

13 W. III.

The House being informed, That John Sennet Esquire, Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended, according to Order; '

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Grants in his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster since the 6th Day of March last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

7th June 1701.

A Patent to John Morgan Esquire, of the Office of Steward of the Manors of White Castle, Skenfrith, and Grosmont, in the County of Monmouth, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

28th June.

A Patent to John Coke Esquire, of the Office of Auditor for the North Parts of the said' Duchy, in Reversion, during his Life.

5th August

A Patent to Richard Woollaston Esquire, of the Offices of Steward of the Wapentakes of Salford and West-Der-by-shire; and of Master Forester of Symons Wood, and Croxtath, in Lancashire, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

17th October.

A Patent to Thomas Andrews Esquire, of the Office of Steward of the Manors of Irchester and Rand±, and Hundred of Higham Ferrers in Northamptonshire, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

Leases renewed:

29th September.

A Lease to Sir Humphry Edwin Knight, of the Castle and Lordship of Ogmore, &c. in Glamorganshire, for 13 Years, in Reversion, to make his Term in being up 31 Years, under the same yearly Rent of 52/. 14s. jid.

18 December.

A Lease to Robert Dale, of an Encroachment by a Shed in Strand-lane, in the County of Middlesex, for 23 Years, in Reversion, to make his Term in being up 31 Years, under the same yearly Rent of 3 s. 4 d.

Jo. Sennett, Auditor.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Irby Mountague Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Comyns Esquire to serve for the said Borough of Malden:

That, upon the Poll taken by the Bailiffs, the Numbers were;

For the Sitting Member Mr. Comyns - 141

For the Petitioner - - - - 129

That the Right of Election was agreed in the Freemen dot receiving Alms or Charity.

And the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That several Persons, who were Freemen, and had a Right to vote in this Election, and did actually vote for the Petitioner, were not put down in the PqII; and also, that the Bailiffs had acted in a partial Manner in favour of the Sitting Member:

That the Persons refused by the Bailiffs to be put down on the Poll, were 30.

And as to these 30 Persons it appeared, by the Evidence of

William Coe, and Ralph Backnall, That they were all Freemen, and were called over, as such, by the Town Clerk; and voted for the Petitioner: But Three of them did vote for the Petitioner and Mr. Fitch; and Two of them voted for the Petitioner and Mr. Comyns: The Vol. 13.

7°7

Objection, as Mr. Coe said, to 24 of them, was, That Malden they had received Corn of the Gift of Mr. Charles Election. Mountague, now Lord Halifax; to Four, for receiving Alms; and to Two others; viz. Mr. Wiseman, as a Person in Debt, and to Peter Tilbrook, because, it was pretended, he had borrowed 51.: But he offered to swear he had not done it; and said, He was promised 20L to vote for Mr. Comyns.

And Mr. William Coe, being examined, on behalf of the Petitioner, as to the Matter of Distribution of Corn, gave tins Account; That, in the Year 1699, several Neighbours did write to Mr. Mount ague, now Lord Halifax, That, Corn being dear, by reason of the Exportation thereof, there were like to be Tumults in the Town by the poor People; and, in November, he Waited upon his Lordship, and told him to the same Effect: Whereupon his Lordship expressed his Willingness to do what was proper for him to do; and gave Orders to dispose of Wheat to the poorer Sort on the Christmas-day then following; which he did; and repeated the following April: That he did deliver the Corn without any Distinction, only with respect to the Poverty of the Persons: That he did not consult the Overseers of the Poor, or the Magistrates of the Town, about the Distribution of it; he having been Overseer himself, and knowing the People of the Town; That the whole Quantity was Two Load; which was delivered out by One or Two Bushels to a Man: That he could not say particularly to whom he delivered the Wheat; but, he believes, the whole 24 refused, upon that Account, had not received it: But, he said, He had given none after April 1700: That, after the 30 had polled for Mr. Mountague, the Town Clerk asked the Bailiffs, If he should put them down on the Poll; and the Bailiffs were against their being put down; and that, though these were not polled for the Petitioner, some, that had received the Corn and polled for the Sitting Member, were set down now; and 17 that received this Corn, did come to vote at the Election 1700; but there was no Poll, there being no dispute.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also examined as to other Practices: And they called,

Robert Chadd: Who said, That he, and Mr. Gibson, and Mr. Cockrell, being together, Gibson desired his Vote for the Sitting Member; and the said Chadd answering,

He was minded to vote for the Petitioner, Bailiff Cockrell bid him make much of his Licence; for he should have no more: However he acknowledged he voted for the Petitioner; and nobody had since demanded his Licence; but the Time for renewing Licences is not yet come.

Richmond testified, That he had heard Bailiff Taverner say, after the Election, That if the Sitting Member had but Six Votes, he would return him: And if they came to a new Election, the Petitioner should not be chosen; for they had made 35 free, and would make it strong enough to carry whom they pleased.

Lemuel Bradley said, Some were talking with Bailiff , Taverner, That the Petitioner would be a Parliament Man; and Mr. Taverner said, He should not: He knew a Trick worth Two of that

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member insisted, That the Persons who had received Corn, were disabled from voting, either as it might be considered to be an Alms, or a corrupt Practice to procure their Votes: And to that Matter they called, v

Thomas Stace: Who said, That about Two Years ago.

Wheat was distributed by Mr. Coe and his Man: That he saw 40 come away with it in about Four Hours time; which Wheat was carried away by the Freemen and their Wives: That the Election before the last, some Wheat had been delivered out; viz. to John Marsh, Four Bushels and to William Norman, Two Bushels; and that Marsh voted for the Petitioner at this Election: That he did not hear Mr. Coe say for what Purposes he delivered the Wheat; nor does he know that Wheat was denied to any:

But the said Stace asked several, viz. James Hubert, William Perkins, and Rob. Osborne, that had received the

Wheat,

27 °Januarii.

Malden

Election.

708 270 Jamarii. A. 1701.

Wheat, to be for the Sitting Member; but they refused, saying, They were under Obligations to the Petitioner, having eat his Bread, and drank his Wine; and were bound, in Conscience, to be for him: And Osborn said, That Mr. Mountague had sent his Wife a Bottle of Sack: That, as to Robert Dun, Jonas Childs, and Nehetniali Hitch, w ho w ere refused for the Petitioner, they received Relief of the Parish.

That the Sitting Members Counsel also insisted, That

there were several ill Practices by the Petitioner: And

Thomas Stace said, That Mr. Coe was an Agent for the Petitioner, and on the Day of the Election got several of the Freemen into his House; Two of which, viz. Robert Woody and Peter Dilbrook, who voted for the Petitioner, told the said Stacey they were treated at Coe s House: That Nine Publick-houses of Freemen, who would vote for the Petitioner, were taken up, to treat, the Wednesday after the Dissolution of the last Parliament; and that the House of a Widow of a Freeman w as taken up also on that Account, upon her Brother's engaging to vote for the Petitioner, who otherwise would not have voted for the Petitioner, and did vote for him singly: That Stace was at Daye's House, w hen Richmond and Coe came in, and bespoke a Supper that Night at his House, for the Parliament was dissolved: And, when Day scrupled Promise of his Vote for the Petitioner, Coe told him, That they could not treat at his House that Night; for they would treat w'ith none, but such as voted for the Petitioner: That William Straight said to Stacey That he had promised to vote for the Sitting Member; but Coe came and told him, He should not be paid for the Treat at his House unless he voted singly'for the Petitioner; which thereupon he did: That Noakes confessed to hitn, He could not vote for the Sitting Member; because he had a Treat at his House; and Coe had in-joined him a single Vote for the Petitioner: That there was a Treating also the same Wednesday at Sizer's, Cook's, Dayes, Chadd's, and Bartlett's Houses, w ho all voted for the Petitioner:

That several of the Voters carried away Drink by Pailfulls, sufficient to serve them a Week, or Fortnight: That he believed, Two or Three of those, who had received Wheat, did vote for Mr. Fitch, and Mr. Corny ns, last Election.

John Cooke said, There was Treating at his House, on the Petitioner s Account, by Order of Mr. Coe, the same Night the Petitioner came down; and he was directed to draw Drink till about 11 a Clock at Night; for they did not know but the Writ might bear Teste after 12: And his Bill came to between 10 and 11; but he

was never asked for his Vote; but voted only for the Petitioner: He is not paid his Money, but expects it from Mr. Mountague.

John Day said, That the same Day, Mr. Coe bespoke a Treat at his House; and it continued till about 11 a Clock: He said, He was to treat all the Freemen in general, and only they; and the Reckoning came to about 7 or 8/.

William Wells said, That the Day before the last Election, Willimn Coe gave him 19^.; whereof Nine was for Two Bushels of Wrheat, he having had no Share in the Wheat Two Years ago; and 10 s. was for his Vote at the last Election: And that Coe bid him not let anybody know of the 10 s. for it would make the Election void: He voted for the Petitioner.

Thomas Bramston said, He was in the Hall during all the time of the Election; and there was not above one Person, that polled for Mr. Fitch, and Mr. Comyns, objected to.

That the Petitioner's Counsel called, to the Reputation of William Wells,

Thomas Stevens: Who said, That, the Day before the Election, the said Wells having been seen by him to have talked with Gibson and Stace in Town, when the said Welts came from them, Stevens asked, What they said ? And Wells told him, That they would have had the said

Wetla confess himself to be bribed; and at the same time, he declared, He bad no Money.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel produced a Copy of the Order of Council for the issuing out the Writs for this present Parliament, which is dated the 11th of November 1701.

And that upon Consideration of the Evidence, and the Act of Parliament made against Treating, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Comyns Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

den, in the County of Essex.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Comyns Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliiament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeHersfcrtheYea

Te.lersfo the Noes.^te

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That William Coe, Agent to Irby Mountague Esquire, hath been guilty of Bribery, and corrupt Practices, in endeavouring to procure a Burgess to be elected for this present Parliament for the said Borough of Malden.

Ordered, That the said William Coe be, for his said Crime, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir RoxclandGwyn also, according to Order, reported, Hertford from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Election Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered1 in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Monson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Richard Guhton Esquire to serve for the said Borough of Hertford:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Caesar - - - 452.

For Mr. Gulston - 303.

For Mr. Monson - - . 220.

That the Right of Election was the point controverted; the Petitioner's Counsel insisting, That the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants of the Borough, not receiving Alms; the Sitting Member's Counsel insisting, That the Right was as well in the Burgesses or Freemen, as in the Inhabitants.

Another Matter controverted between the said Parties was, Supposing the Freemen.to have a Right, how the Persons ought to be qualified, who are made free ? The Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That Hertford was a Borough by Prescription; and that the First Charter granted . to the said Borough was primo Marias:

Which Charter being produced, and read, at the Instance of the Petitioner's Counsel, it appeared, and is expressed in the said Charter, to be ad humilem Petitionem Inhabitantium Burgi 8$ Villas de Hertford: And Queen Mary does thereby grant to the said Inhabitants in these Words: Quod idem Bargus et Villa de Hertford de ccetero sit et erit incorporatum de uno Ballivo et Burgensibus, ac Burgum ilium Corpus corporatum et poli-ticuin in re, facto, et nomine, de se, imperpetuum faci-vtus, ordinamus, et in plenam erigimus, et creamus, per prassentes; et, quod Inhabitantes ejusdem Burgi, per Nomen Ballivi et Burgens. Burgi de Hertford, sunt et erunt Corpus corporatum in re, Jacto, et nomine, et urn Communitasperpetua, habeantque successionem perpetuam:

u And.

G

13 W. III.

2 70 Jemuarii.

709

And then that Charter further grants to the Bailiff ami Burgesses Power of choosing into the Office of Burgess, omnes et singulos quoscunque Viros tenentes et inhabitantes infra dictum Bur gum, qui Gubemationiillius forent ne-cessarios.

They also produced a Charter of Khz Janies the First; reciting, That the Borough of Hertford is an ancient Borough, and enjoys, by several Names, divers ancient Liberties and Franchises; tam per diversas Literas Patentes diversorum Progenitorum et Antecessorum nostrum nuper Regum et Reginarum Anglia, quam ratione diversamm Prescriptionum et Consuetudinum, in eodem Burgo usitatas et habitas: By which the Mayor and Capital Burgesses have Power to make as many of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, or the Parishes of the Borough, Burgesses, as they shall judge necessary, or for the Profit of the Borough; Dummodo Burgenses inhabitantes extra Burgum pradictum ?ion excedant, aliquo uno tempore, Nurnerum trium Personarum.

They also produced Two Copies of Returns 26 Edw. 1.; by which it appears, That Hertford then sent Burgesses to Parliament; and it is said, That they were elected per Communitatem Burgensium de Hertford:

13 Car. II. which names 16 Burgesses; and says, That they, cum omnibus cateris Inhabitantibus Burgi pradicti, juxta Formam Statuti in hujusmodi Casu editi et provisi, una Voce elegerunt Two Burgesses.

The said Return was under the Common Seal.

That the Petitioners Counsel also produced several Admittance of Freemen; viz.

One, Anno 1640 - - - of John King:

Another, 1650 - - - of Adlorde Bowde:

Another, 1674 - - - of Edw. Bentley:

Another, 1678 - - - of Ralph Seabrooke:

And they all Four run in this Form; That the Mayor and Capital Burgess, virtute Libertatum et Privilegio-rum, qua Dominus Jacobus, nuper Rex Anglia:,per Literas suds Patentes to them granted, to receive the said Persons into the Corporation.

That they also produced Four Admittances of another Form; viz.

One of - - 1695 - - of John Barf oot:

Another, eodem Anno - - of Tho. Archer: Another, eodem Anno - - of John Gmbb: Another - - 1697 - - of William Barfoot: And they Four run in this Form; That the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough, virtute Libertatum et Privilegiorum per diversos Reges et Reginas Anglia, &c,-to them granted, do receive the said Persons into the Corporation.

That they also produced Two Admittances of another Form; viz.

One, Anno - - 1700 - - of Joseph Turray: Another, eodem Anno - - of Rich. Phillips:

And they Two run in this Form; That the Mayor and Aldermen, unanimi Assensu, do receive the said Persons into the Corporation.

That the Petitioner s Counsel, to prove the Usage of the Borough, also called several Witnesses:

Henry Sweeting, aged 81 Years: Who said, He had voted for Parliament Men 50 Years ago: And the First time honorary Freemen were admitted was, when Sir Thomas Feild and Sir John Gore were chose: That he remembered Sir Tho. Fanshaw and Sir William Lemon's Election before that; and then never heard any voted, that was an honorary Freeman; but, since that time, they have all along been admitted.

John Hill, aged above 70 Years, said. He had known Hertford 50 Years; and he did not remember any Persons were made free, but the Inhabitants, till within about 40 Years.

John Hanscomb said, He served his Time in Hertford, and came to live there about 30 Years ago: He said also, He purchased his Freedom; and voted at last Election.

For the Sitting Member it was insisted, That Hertford was as well a Corporation by Prescription, as a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election was in Vox- 13*

the Freemen of the Borough in general; and that such Hertford Right could not be restrained by any Charter: Election.

And they produced several Instances, out of an old Towm Book, to prove, that Persons living out of the Bo-rQugh, as well as Inhabitants, had been made free there of; viz.

One, of 19 January 1596; by which it appeared, That John Famake, of Hatfield, having requested, that he might serve Hertford with Beer, and to have Access thereto; it was granted to him, paying 10 s. a Year:

Another Instance, of 14th of March 1598; which is an Order of the Corporation, That the Brewer Thorogood^ of Hatfield, and some others, should be distrained for occupying their Mysteries and Trades, before they had agreed for Freedoms:

Another Instance, 7th May 1600; by which it appears, That John Cordell, of Cheshunt, common Loader, desired to be admitted a Freeman of Hertford; and was, admitted and sworn, for to sell Salt and Fish in the time* of Lent, for a certain Sum agreed on, and paying 12 d. for every Quarter:

Another Instance, of 13 August 1606; by which it appeared, That Tho. Borcham, of Broxborne, Shoemaker, was admitted a Freeman, paying 26 s. 8 d.:

Another Instance, of 25 November 1612; by which it appears, That Henry CockriU, of Cheshunt, did purchase his Freedom.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel also produced several Returns to Parliament; viz.

Three of Car. I.; by which it appears, that the Mayor,

Steward, Assistants, Burgesses, and Town Clerk, did elect:

The Return is under the Common Seal:

And Two other Returns of 13 °Car. 2 di; bywhich it appears, That several Gentlemen joined in these Elections.

That the Sitting Members Counsel also called several Witnesses to the Usage:

Sir Henry Chancey: Who said, He had been Recorder of Hertford, and came to live there at Michaelmas 1669, and continued there till November 1681; and had attended at every Election, but the Two last: And Sir Henry said, That all Freemen, as well those by Redemption, as others, always voted at Elections of Parliament Men: And that Sir William Cowper, when he first stood, carried it by those Freemen: And that he found a great many Gentlemen made free before he knew the Town; and believes there were 40 made free in King James's Time.

Rich. Bridgman said, He had known Hertford ever since 1665, and never knew any honorary Freemen refused or scrupled, though they lived out of Town: That the Petitioner himself has voted for Sir Wm. Catvper, though he lived at Brockborne: And that the Freemen by Redemption take the same Oath with others: That honorary Freemen do not concern themselves in any other Business of the Town, than Elections.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hertford is not in such Persons only as are Inhabitants, Housholders of the said Borough, not receiving Alms; and in such Freeman, who, at the time of their Freedom granted to them, were Inhabitants of the said Borough, or of the Parishes thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hertford is in all the Freemen, and also in all the Inhabitants, being Housholders, and not receiving Alms.

These Resolutions being passed, the Counsel were called in, and acquainted with them: And the Counsel for the Petitioner was asked, If he had any thing further to say for his Client? Who answered. That, the Right of Election being thus determined, he had nothing further to offer for his Client.

And thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution;

8 S Resolved,

1

710

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That Richard Gulston Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Het'tjord.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, uere, u|>on the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis,28° die;

Anno 13° Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Wiredrawers f~\ RDERED, That Leave be given touring in a Bill Trade. \S jor continuing and amending the Act, made the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better Making of Silver and Gold

7 O

Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wiredrawers: And that Mr. Vernon, Mr. and Sir Cha. Bleys,

do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

27° — 28° — 29°

A. 1701.

Quakers

Affirmation.

Water Measure of Fruit.

A Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill he committed to the Lord Cheine, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Rice, Mr. Oiten, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Vales, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Dormej', Mr. Johnson, Mr. Vernon, Sir 7 IVroth, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Mr. Cox,

Mr. Carter, Mr. Gulston, Sir John Mr. Clark,

Mr. Styles, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Dolhen, Mr. Ettcrick, Mr. Grevill, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. St. Loe, Dr. Newton, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Offley,

Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr. Papillon,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lowiher, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hoblyn: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Inquest, at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County of Gloucester, the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and One, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of Fourteen several Hundreds of the said County have, for many Years, been great Sufferers, for want of a certain Water Bushel, for measuring of Fruit; to the great Discouragement of Planting: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling the Water Bushel, for measuring of Fruit; and to reduce the Corn Bushel, within the said County, to a better Regularity.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Measure of Fruit: And that Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Byrch, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Apothecaries A Bill for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempt from empting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Con-Pansh stable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices;

and from serving upon Juries; was read a Second time.

Resolxed, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Bolls, Sir Henry Bunbury, Mr. Fox, Mr. Dudley, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Proby, Mr. Owen, Sir Edw. Acton, Mr. Birch, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Yates, Sir Brian Stapleton, Sir Jo. Storehouse, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Bierly, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Chase, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Mr. Pitjicld,

Mr. Offley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Blake, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Dolben, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir Wm. Gostwick, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Clark, Mr. Price, Mr. Carter: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Daniel Park Esquire, have Leave to Malmsbury have Counsel Tomorrow, upon the hearing the Matter Election, touching the Election for the Borough of if he think fit.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Arrears of of the Arrears of Customs in the Hands of the Receivers Customs> and Collectors of the Customs: And that Mr. Lowndes do lay the said Account before this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bribery at Bribery and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve Elections, in Parliament, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Mrs. Privilege-Ellen, who was summoned to attend the Committee of Intimidating Privileges and Elections, upon the hearing the Matter a touching the Election for the City of , has been

lately forced away by Mr. Isaac Ellen, her Husband, and one Mr. Essex;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Isaac Ellen and Mr.

Essex do produce the said Mrs. at the said Committee this Afternoon.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Security of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of King's Person the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, ai,d.Suc-and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Hedges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Hedges reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered further of the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Uriit

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

IT.djJtS

Office*.

Jovis, 29* die Januarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir John Rye Molcsrx'orth, Mr. Woodrofj'e, Mr. Randall, Mr. Pier- Harbour. point, Mr. Cha. Bertie, Sir John Bland, Mr. Rob. Bci'tie,

Mr. Raida, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Coke, Sir Cha. Windham, Colonel Bierly, Sir Gods rey Copley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness, for the Benefit of the Nation, is committed.

A Petition of the Dean and Canons of the King's free Windsor Chapel of St. George within his Castle of was leaner/

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his lisUlte' Majesty, for the Inlargeinent of Windsor Park, and other Accommodations there, has Occasion for divers Parcels of Land belonging to the said Chapel; and that the Petitioners have no Power to convey the same to his Majesty, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to take from his Majesty, in Exchange for divers Parcels of Land belonging to them, other Lands and Rents of like Value.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Topham do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered,

:i.

13 W. III.

of to:'.

llindet

Estate.

Servants

Wages.

Bridges in Highways.

Precedents respecting Bills of Attainder.

Attainting the Pie-tenderw

Malmsbury Election — a person delivers a Sum of Money.

2 90 Januarii.

711

1 Money for - repairing Churches.

Ordered \That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this He was called in; and, at the Bar, delivered into the Day, at the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election House a Bag of Gold, and a Bank Bill for Two hundred for the Borough of Malmsbury/, with the Return of Mem- Pounds, which, he said, he had received from Daniel Park

bers to this Parliament for the said Borough. Esquire.

And then withdrew.

A Petition of John Brawn and Thomas Sands Mer- Then the House proceeded, according to Order, to the chants, was presented to the House, and read; setting Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the Bo* forth, That the Petitioners are Assignees of Commis- rough of Malmsbury: And the Counsel were called in, and sioners of Bankrupt against John Ilinde, late oi London, heard; and the Witnesses on both Sides were examined.

Goldsmith; and conceive themselves much concerned in And then the Counsel withdrew,

a Bill depending in the House for enabling Trustees to Resolved, That Sir Charles Hedges Knight is duly elect-

sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in cd a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, for Payment of Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts.

the said Hind's Debts: And praying to be heard before Resolved, That Edward Paunccfort Esquire is duly the said Bill do pass. elected a Burges9 to serve in this present Parliament for '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the said Borough of Malmsbury. until the said Bill be read a Second time. Resolved, That the Petition of several of the Burgesses Petition

and Inhabitants of the Borough of Malmsbury is scan- votfd *can-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the dalous, false, and vexatious. dalous;

more easy Recovery of Servants Wages: And that Sir Ordered, That James Croone, One of the said Peti- and Peti« Edward Hussey and Mr. l a/tun do prepare, and bring tiotiers, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody into

in, the said Bill. of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. Custody.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That, in preparing Ordered, That Edward , one other of the said

the said Bill, they do provide for the punishing idle and Petitioners, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody disorderly Servants. of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Edward Brawn, one other of the said Ordered. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners, be, for the said Offence, taken into the Cus-more ca-y Recovery of Monies for Repairing of Churches: tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And that Sir Rowland Guynand Mr. llarcourtdo pre- Ordered, That John Waite, one other of the said Peti-

pare, and bring in, the said Bill. tioners, be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Joseph Hancock, the other of the said Petitioners; be, for his said Offence, taken into the Cuspairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, was tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, read a Second time. Then the Counsel were called in; ana heard to a Charge Proceeding*

upon Daniel Park Esquire, in relation to the Election for the said Borough of Malmsbury: And the Counsel and jj^ery or Witnesses against and for the said Mr. Park were heard.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Daniel Park Esquire is guilty of notorious Bribery and Corruption, in endeavouring to procure himself elected a Burgess

A Bill to explain and alter the Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Re-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hutton, Mr. Arthington, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Rice, Mr. Birch, Sir

Hen. Colt, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Lake, Mr. Mr.

Jfasters, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Harley, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Cor, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Yates, Sir Copley, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Moncton, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Offley, Mr. Bierly, Sir Roger Bradshaw', Mr. Colchester, Sir John Mordant, Sir Edio. Turner, Mr. Lambton , Mr. Blake, Mr. Vaughan, Sir

Row. Gwyn, Sir John Pole, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Stone- in this present Parliament for the Borough oiMalmsbury,

house, Mr. Johnson, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Hysham , Mr. in the County of

Brewer, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Fagg: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Rowland Gzcyn reported from the Committee appointed to search Precedents, with Relation to the Beginning of Bills of Attainder in either House; and also to report to the House what they find therein, with relation to the Beginning of Bills of Attainder, or adding Attain-

Ordered, That Daniel Park Esquire, be, for his said Crime, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prosecute the said Daniel Park Esquire for his said Crime.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That

Gould, Schoolmaster, is guilty of corrupt Practices, in endeavouring to procure an Election of a Burgess for the ders by Clauses; That they have inspected the Journals of said Borough of Malmsbury.

both Houses; and that they find more Bills of Attainder Ordered, That the said Gould, Schoolmaster, be, for begun in the House of Lords than in the House of Com- his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant mons; but that they do not find any Instance of any Per- at Arms attending this House.

sons being attainted, by way of Amendment to any Bill The Earl of Peterborough having been mentioned in Earl of Peter-made by either House: But they do find, that there is a the Evidence given at the Bar in relation to the said borough Proviso added by the Lords in the Bill of Attainder of Election; and a Debate arising in the House concerning 10 1,4 Cromwell Earl of Essex, to save the Lands of the Deanry his Lordship; and the House being informed, That his of Wells', and, in the Time of the Dutch War, in King Lordship desired to be admitted to be heard;

Charles the Second's Time, there was a Bill to attaint Resolved, That the Earl of Peterborough be admitted such Persons as did not come in by a certain Time; and in, and heard.

And the Door being opened, his Lordship came in; and came up to the Bar: Where a Chair was set for him a little within the Bar, on the Left-hand as he came up;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, whereupon his Lordship reposed himself a little while, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the covered: and then stood up uncovered; and was heard; pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason, be taken in- leaving a Letter from one Samuel Powell to his Lordship, to Consideration upon Saturday Morning next: And that And then withdrew, the said Report be then takeu into Consideration. Which Letter was read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put,

T1 e House being informed, That Air. William Ady, of That the House do now adjourn till Saturday Morning,

Malmsbury, w-as at the Door, with a Sum of Money, and Nine a Clock;

a Bonk Bill, given him in order to the late Election for The House divided.

the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts; The Noes go forth.

Vol. 13. ' 5 Teller*

the Lords prolonged the Time as to those that were in the St/'eights, or America.

Vote concerning Earl of Peterborough.

Dr. Smal-

dridge

thanked.

Transport

Debt.

Punishing

Mutiny and Desertion.

Mathew's

Estate.

712

Tdlers for the Y

Tellers for the Noes|^; So it passed in the Negative.

2 90 — 31® Januarii.

A.

1701

} 7C.

}i56-

the same, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances; and, with the Surplus, to purchase oilier Lands, for the Use of the Petitioners, and their Children; and die Trustees entered on the Premises; but cannot sell them, upon Pretence of a Bond given by the Petitioner on his

Then a Question being proposed, That it appears to Marriage, for settling a considerable Estate on his Wife this House, That Charles Earl of Peterborough is guilty and Children; though the said Bond is actually cancelled of many indirect Practices, in endeavouring to procure by her and her Trustees Conseut: And praying, That Daniel Park Esquire to be elected a Burgess to serve in Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effec-this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, tual vesting the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold for the in the County of Wilts; full Value thereof; and that the Purchase-money may be And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; applied pursuant to the Directions of the said Trust

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That L;ave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

Is*

That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers foe the YeaJ^ Henry Dutton Colt, ^Mr. Marks:

Teller for

So it passed in the Negative.

] 44-

1158.

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Car and Mr. Birch do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Newton, according to Order, presented to the Counter-House a Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth feitmgCoin. and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this

fBOti

Then the main Question being put, That it appears to Kingdom: And the same was received, this House, That Charles Earl of Peterborough is guilty The Bill was read the First time,

of many indirect Practices, in endeavouring to procure Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

Daniel Park Esquire to be elected a Burgess to serve in Friday Morning next, this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury,

in the County of Wilts j The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the

£Mr. Vernon:

Tellers for the Noes £Mr< lellers for the Noes,£Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

141.

j 56.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Maidstcn* vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- tkction-rough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves, r)utie*on and many others, who advanced the Sum of 564,700l. Stoue>&c> upon the Credit of the Act of Parliament for laying several Duties upon Stone, Glass, and Earthen-wares, Coals,

And then the House adjourned till Saturday and Culm, was presented to the House, and read; setting Morning, Nine a Clock. forth, That, in the next Session of Parliament, after

granting the said Duties, which would have fully dis-

— ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- charged the Petitioners, the same was quite taken away,

and the Petitioners left destitute of any Security; only several Resolutions of the House, That effectual Provision should be made for Payment of Principal and Interest; and, in the then next Sessions, a Duty was laid on Leather and Skins, to pay the Petitioners; who shewed, at the Bar

Sabbati, SI. die Januarii; Anno 13* Willielnai, Tertii. Pray £Rs.

f\ RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given of the House, the Insufficiency of those Duties; but could to Dr. Snuddridge, for the Sermon by him preached only obtain a Clause, That the Deficiency should be made before them Yesterday, at St. Margarett's Westminster: good out of the First Aids to be granted after the Term And that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. of Three Years; which expired the 20th April 1700; Bromley and Sir Roger Mostyn do acquaint him therewith, and then the said Duties fell so far short of paying the Petitioners, that there remains above 500,000l. Principal, A Petition of the several Proprietors of Debentures for besides Interest, due: That, the last Session of Parliament, the Irish Transport Service, was presented to the House, the Petitioners petitioned the House, That the said Debt and read; setting forth, That after long Application, the might be placed on the Land Tax, being the first Supply Parliament granted a Fund for Payment of Interest of the granted after the Expiration of the Duties on Leather; said Debt, at Five per Centum, which expired pt Mid-and were heard thereupon; but were not allowed the Be-summerlast, and is granted for other Services; whefeby the nefit of the said Act: By all which means the Petitioners Value of the said Debt is extremely lessened, to the great have been great Sufferers, and are now destitute of any Damage of the several Proprietors: And praying, That Fund for their just Debt, who so frankly lent their Mo-some other Fund may be granted for paying Interest on ney, in a difficult Time, upon the Credit of an Act of the said Debentures since Midsummer last. Parliament; wherein they conceive, the Honour and

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Justice of the Nation is highly concerned: And praying, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who That their Case may be seriously considered, and some are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma- effectual Provision made for Repayment of the Petitioners

Q»

jesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the punishing Officers and Soldiers that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland: And that Major General Erie, Sir Richard Cocks, and Sir Henry Bellasys, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of William Mathew, of the City of Exon, Gentleman, and Catharine, his Wife, on behalf of themselves, and their Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner William being much in Debt, and his Estate incumbered, he and his said Wile joined in a Conveyance thereof to Trustees to sell 1

said Debt, and Interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Mr. Speaker ceived another Letter from William Fuller: Which he commuoi-read to the House. ca,f5 Let, erl

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That he had, tins Morning, received a Letter from one Dr. Stringer, with several Letters inclosed: Which Letter he read to the House; and acquainted them with the Contents of the inclosed Letters.

Ordered,

to ike Hoiue.

i3 W. III.

Referred to Ordered, That the said Letter, and indosed Letters, be Mr. Vernon, delivered to Mr. Secretary Vernon: And that he do examine the Matter thereof.

And they were delivered to him accordingly.

Iroh Forfei- Ordered, That the Reports from the Irish Trustees, . which were ordered to be taken into Consideration this Day, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next ' And that the Two Trustees, now in Town, do then attend, to give the House an Account of any Matters they shall require, relating to the Execution of the Act for the Sale of the Irish Forfeitures.

AmericMi Ordered,' That the State of the Plantations, with rela-FfentatioM. tion to Trade, and their Security, together with the Names , of the present Governors of the Plantations, be laid before this House: And that the same be done by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Jopply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they directed him to repoit, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further the Supply granted to his Majesty.

7*3

' ‘

A Petition of Charlotte Boseawen, Wife of Bos- Boscaweu'* careen Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Nat* setting forth, That the Petitioner was born at Paris, in

France;and, being now' married, is adv ised to be naturalized: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given*to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Co-lonell Churchill and Mr. Scobell do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill. jr

Sir Henry Dutton Colt, according to Order, presented fnsolveat to the House a Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debtors. Debt: And foe same was received.

The Bill was read foe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of Robert Appreece the elder, and Robert Appreece'* Appreece foe younger, Esquires, was presented to the Estau, House, and read; setting forth, That Robert Appreece the elder settled upon Rob. the younger, his eldest Son, on his Marriage, his whole Estate, lying in foe Counties of Huntington, Cambridge, and Northampton -, but, before the

Settlement, was bound to Iris Majesty as Surety for John Mason, w ho w as Receiver of several Taxes, and became insolvent; so that the Premises are liable to be extended, and foe Settlement be ineffectual: That all Parties concerned, are desirous, that some Part of the Premises be sold, to satisfy the said Bond; but the same cannot be done, by reason of the said Settlement, without Help of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to vest foe Petitioner's Estate, or some Part thereof, in Trustees, or otherwise, to discharge all Incumbrances upon the same.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to foe Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

31° Januarii. — a® Februarii.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then foe House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna % 2* die Februarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

RjeHarboor. /ORDERED, That Mr. Williams M

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring foe Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness is committed.

Quaker* Ordered, That Sir Thomas Abney and Mr. Heathcott

Affirmation, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, That foe solemn Affirmation and Declaration of foe People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in foe usual Form, is committed.

Exporting A Petition of foe Mayor, Aldermen, Justices of the

Wool. Peace, and other Members of the Corporation of foe

Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and of other the most substantial Persons, Inhabitants in and near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English and Irish Wool are illegally transported into France, and other foreign Countries, and manufactured there; to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and the English Nation in general: And praying the Consideration of foe House thereof.

Ordered \That the Consideration of foe said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom it is referred to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

Vol. 13.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Attainting into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, the Pretender. to the Bill, intitled, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason: And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

In foe Title, 3d Line, after " add " and of

" Mary, late Wife of James, late King of

2d Skin, 20th L. after " Treason," add the Clause marked (A), for attainting Mary, late Wife of the late King James, of High Treason.

And foe First Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Amendment be postponed until alter the next Amendment be considered.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put,' That foe House do agree with the Lords in foe said Amendment;

It passed in foe Negative.

Then foe Question being put, That the House do agree with foe Lords in the said First Amendment;

It passed in foe Negative.

And the House also took into Consideration foe Report from the Committee appointed to search the Journals of both Houses, with Relation to the Beginning of Bills of Attainder and Attainders by Clauses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and repoit the same to foe House:

And it is referred to Mr. Boyle, Sir Rowland Gwyn,

Sir Chr.Musgrave, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Rich.

Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Dormer, Sir Hemy Mr.

Moncton, Mr. Hele, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Jacob, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. St. John, Sir Tho. Pouys, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Ash, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Jos.Je/cill, Mr Owen, Mr. Freeman:And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ST. Mr.

Supply.

Ditto.

Committees.

Ilildeyard's Instruments for Navigation

7*4

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making good the Principal and Interest due on Parliamentary Funds, granted since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Provision be made for making good the Principal and Interest due on Parliamentary Funds, granted since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please tov receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, Thathe was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A, 1701.

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Cldck, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do send for, and consult with, the Brethren of Trinity-House of Deptj'ord-Strond.

Mr. Donne)according to Order, presented to the kV'sE^ House a Bill for the regulating the Prisons of the and Fl«t Kings Bench and Fleet: And the same was received. ^rim

Ordered That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning

A Petition of many Merchants, Wholesale-men, Coun- £xponr try Clothiers, Serge-makers, and other Dealers in the Wool. ' Woollen Manufactures at Bristol Fair, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of . this Nation, in the said Manufactures, does yearly very visibly decay, by the illegal Practices of ill Persons, clandestinely transporting great Quantities of English and Irish W'ool into France, and other foreign Countries:

And praying, That some effectual Provision may be made against such corrupt Practices for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Law's relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for Regulating and Improving of the same.

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit de die in diemj and have Leave to sit in the Morning.

Ordered and Declared, That all Proceedings of private Commits Committeeis, after the House is sat, are void.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had rc- iriih Forfei* ceived a Letter from the Trustees for forfeited Estates in tures. Ireland\ in Answer to the Letter wrote, by'Direction of the House, the Seventh Day of January last: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

i° — 30 Fe

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, ?j die Februarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

PllAYF.U S.

A PETITION of Edward Ilildeyard Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath lately invented Two several Instruments, for the Improvement of Navigation; One called a spherical Quadrant, the other a Calculator; whereby all Mariners may more plainly direct the Course of a Ship than by any Method yet practised; and may also thereby compute the Way that such Ship hath made; which will be of great Advantage to all Navigators: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Encouragement in the Invention of the said Instruments.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Jos. Jelcill, Colonel Churchill Mr. Gee, Admiral Aylmer, Sir Rob. Hildyard, Mr. Clark, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Alexander Rigby, Mr. Owen, Mr. St. Loo, Mr. Norton, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Chr. Wren, Mr. Harley, Sir Hen. Colt, Colonel Granville, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Cox, Sir Cha. Hedges % Mr. Lyddall, Sir Geo. Rook, Sir Chr. Mttsgrave, Sir Edward Seymour, Admiral Hobson, Lord Comngshy, Mr. Price, Mr. Sergison, Mr. Ojjiey, Mr. Yates, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Dormer, Captain Clayton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Coke, Mr. Bock man, Sir Rob. Fagg, Mr. Moor, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Cow]>er; or any Five of them: And they

Sir,

Yesterday we had the Honour of-yours of the Eighth Instant; and hope, by this time, Mr. Annesli) and Mr. Hooper are in London, and fully prepared to give the House Satisfaction as to the several Particulars mentioned in their Orders, inclosed in your Letter, and to all other Matters that the House shall be pleased to require of them.

We are, Sir,

Your most humble Servants,

Dublin, January Cyrill Wick, J. Baggs,

19, 1701. John Isham, Tlio. Rawlins

Jo. Trenchard, T. Harrison,

Wm. Felhwes, John Cary.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to PubMoi w'hom it w as referred to consider of Methods for prevent- of Libels, ing Libels, and scandalous Papers, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Young, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Attainting Offley, Sir Tho. H'anmore, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Btilkley, the Pre-Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir William Drake, Mr. Cesar, Sirlender* Just. Isham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Carter, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Mr. Manly, Mr. Scobell, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Goring, Sir John Bolls,

Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Shepherd, be added to the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing w'ith the Lords to the Amendments to the Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was readand is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

13 W. III.

3° f ebruarvi.

7*5

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the maintaining of Guards and Garisons, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, including Five thousand Men to serve on board the Fleet, and for providing for Officers upon Ilalf-pay.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the_House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty-two thousand -Pounds, be. granted to his Majesty, for the maintaining of Guards and Garisons, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, including Five thousand Men to serve on board the Fleet, and for providing for Officers upon Half-pay.

Resulted\ That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to interpose

with his Allies, that they may increase their Quotas of Land Forces, to b6 put on board the Fleet, in proportion to the Numbers his Majesty shall have on board his Fleet.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- PuMick night, resolve, itself into a Committee of the w hole House Accounts, upon the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Crawley presented to the House, according to Admiralty Order, Tables of the Fees due to the Judge, Register, Fees. Marshal, and Crier, of the High Court of Admiralty.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Table is as followeth; viz.

A Table of such Fees as have been usually taken and received by the Judge of the Admiralty, and his Seal-keeper.

Custos Sigilli.

For a Vice Admiral's Patent -

For the Judge of a Vice Admiral's Patent - -

For a Register's Patent ——

For a Marshal's Patent - - - . -

For an Exemplification of a Sentence, or such-like thing, upon Record For a Commission of Inquiry and Restitution For a Commission of Inquiry and Sequestration only - For a Supersedeas -

For a Commission to examine Witnesses between Party and Party - For a Commission to take a Party's Answer in Partibus - For the Certificate or Testimonial of certain Witnesses quoad Proprietatem Navis - For a Commission of Mart or Reprisal -

For the Certificate of such a Commission ——

For a Commission to take Pirates -

For a Decree Universis -

For a Warrant Universis ——

For a Precept for Taking up of a Jury to view the dead Corpse of any drowned For a Warrant under the Small Seal, Action .5 /. or under - For a Warrant under that Seal, Action above 5 /.

For every Decree under the Small Seal - -

For every Monition under that Seal ——

For a Quietus est for a Vice Admiral ——

For an Inhibition - -

For a Commission to inventory, appraise, and deliver -

For a Commission to appraise and sell

For a Monition Universis -

Fora Commission to take an Oath -

For a Commission to inventory and appraise -

For a Transmission Jiulici a quo, &c. - -

For every Sentence definitive, or Interlocutory Decrees, habeas Vim Sententice definitive - For every Interlocutory, non habeas Vim Sententice definitives

For every Primwn Decretum ——

For every Secundum Decretum ——

For every Sportulage, or special Default - For every Party's Answer -

For every First Witness -

For every Second ... ——

For every Bond - -

For every Release Universis ——

For every Release ultra 5 /. -

For every Release sub ter 5 /. ——

For every Release in Causa Contempius - -

For the Release of a Pirate -

For every Parcel of Interrogatories

C. Hedges.

4

A Table of the Fees which have been customarily, and are usually, paid to the Register of the High Court of

Admiralty of England.

S

For every Warrant, under the Small Seal, directed to the Marshal of the Court to arrest any Vessel,! l

Goods, or Person, upon an Action above 5/. - - - -J

For every Warrant, under the Great Seal, to arrest any Vessel, Goods, or Person, sent into the Country,]

to be executed by the Officer of the Place, or other Person, where the same remain, if the Action > 024

be above 5/. - - -..... -J

For every Warrant under the Great or Small Seal, if the Action be but 5 /. - r - 010

Vol. 13. For

s. d.

6 8

6 8

3 4

3 4

3 4

6 8

i 0

1 0

1 0

1 0

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

1 0

i 0

1 0

0 4

0 6

0 4

6 4

1 0

1 0

2 0

2 8

1 0

1 0

1 0

1 0

£ s. d.

- 1 13 4

1 13 4

0 16 8

0 16 8

- 0 16 8

- 1 13 4

- 0 7 8

0 / 8

- 0 7 8

- 0 7 8

- 0 10 0

0 16 8

0 10 0

0 16 8

0 3 0

0 7 8

- 0 7 8

- 0 1 6

- 0 3 8

- ' 0 2 4

- 0 2 4

- 0 7 8

0 7 8

- 0 15 4

0 15 4

0 3 0

0 7 8

0 7 8

- 0 7 8

- 1 0 0

- 0 6 8

b 6 8

i 0 0

b 6 8

b 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 8

0 1 4

0 0 8

0 2 4

0 2 8

- 0 1 0

d.

6

Admiralty

Fees.

716

3* Februar.

A.

For every Recognizance, Bail, or Bond - - - - -'

For the Release of an Arrest made, by Warrant under the Small Seal, upon any Action above 5 I - For a Supet'sedeas, under the Great Seal, or Release of any Vessel, or any Goods, or Persons, arrested!

by Warrant under the said Great % al, above 5 /. . - -J

And if the Action be but 5 /. then but ——

For every Release in a Cause of Contempt - -

For the Release of every Person arrested on Suspicion of Piracy ——

For subducting every Action under the Great Seal ——

For subducting every Action under the Small Seal - -

For every Decree of Appraisement under the Small Seal

For every other Decree, Attachment, or Monition, under the Small Seal, in a civil Cause or Monition, to?

call all, who pretend Interest in any Prize, to shew Cause why the same should not be condemned y For every Decree, Monition, or Attachment, under the Great Seal, against any Man, to appear before the Judge, for any Cause -

For every Precept or Monition to summon a July, to inquire about any Person drowned or slain within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty ——

For the Verdict thereupon ——

For the Return or Certificate of an original Warrant or Monition - - - -.

For every Act or Order done in Court, on any Term Court Day

For every other Act or Order of Court ——

For every special Default ——

For a Primum Decretum

For every Affidavit set down in Court, or exhibited, except the Proctors Oaths, or the Oath of a! Party, of the Truth of a Primum Decretum, or the like; and for every Information and Confession, > or Examination, in criminal Causes - -J

For taking the Examination or Deposition of the First Witness upon every Libel, Allegation, or other!

Matter.....-.....- - - -J

For every Witless upon each Matter ——

But, if long, the Register to be further considered.

For every Parcel of Interrogatories, according to the Length, and at least - -

For entering the Answer of every Party Principal - -

For the Copy of every Affidavit ——

For the Copy of every Examination, or Deposition, of a Witness -

For the Copy of every Answer ——

For the Copy of every Libel, Allegation, or other Matter articulate -

If long ——

For the Copy of every Allegation apud Acta, or of any Act of Court For the Copy of every Appraisement, according to the Length, not exceeding - -

For the Copy of every Primum Decretum -

For the Copy of every Sentence in a Civil Cause ——

For the Copy of a Sentence in a Reprisal Cause - - - - -

For the Copy of any other Matter, to be paid to the Register proportionably to the Length For the subscribing to attest any thing to be true ——

For registering or entering any Writing, to be paid to the Register, according to the Length thereof

For every Search under Twelve Years,

For every Search above that Time ——

For a Patent or Commission for a Vice Admiral ——

For a Quietus est for a Vice Admiral - -

For a Patent or Commission for Judge of a Vice Admiralty - -

For a Patent or Commission for a Register of a Vice Admiralty -

For a Patent or Commission for a Marshal of Vice Admiralty - -

For a Patent or Commission to take a Bond, or Bail, in the Country -

For the Bond or Bail Act annexed.....- - -

For every Commission of Appraisement of a Vessel, or Goods, in a Civil or in a Prize Cause For a Commission to take the Answer of a Party Principal - - - ‘

For every Commission to examine Witnesses - .*

For a Commission, or Letter of Mart, or to take Pirates ——

And for the Bond taken upon the same -

For every Commission of Inquiry for Goods spoiled, or cast away, or the like - For every Commission of Restitution of any Ship or Goods wrecked, or piratically or unduly taken,!

besides the Fee of the interlocutory Decree, or Sentence - J

For every Commission of Delivery in a Prize Cause ——

For every Commission of Restitution in a Prize Business, besides the Fee of the Sentence, or Interlocutory!

Decree ----- - - - ^.J

For every Commission to any other Effect, not before said - -

For every Sentence secundum Decretum, or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a Sentence in Civil Cause, or Prize Business ——

For Sportulage at the giving such Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree, unless on a Term Court Day For every other Interlocutory Decree, not having the Force of a Sentence - For every Exemplification of any Sentence, or any other Matter, if but one Skin For every other Skin ——

For a Certificate, under Seal, of the Buying a Ship, or the like.

For a Caveat entered in the Registry - -

For a Passport ——

For every Indenture to bind an Apprentice to a Fisherman ——

For opening every Writ of Prohibition or Consultation -

1701,

L s. d.

0 2 6

0 1 8

0 7 8

0 1 4

0 4 2

0 4 2

0 6 0

0 3 4

0 7 9

0 3 1

0 3 2

0 3 4

0 6 8

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 3 4

0 3 4

0 2 8

0 2 4

0 2 10

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 1 0

0 3 4

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 6 0

utintra.

0 1 0

ut intra.

0 1 0

0 2 0

1 13 4

0 7 8

1 13 4

0 16 8

0 16 8

0 7 8

0 2 6

0 7 8

0 7 8

0 10 0

0 16 8

0 2 6

0 10 0

0 10 0

0 m I 8

0 8 0

0 7 8

0 7 8

0 3 4

0 4 4

0 16 8

0 10 9

0 7 8

0 3 4

0 5 0

0 2 0

0 3 8

For

This Article is omitted in the Journal, and aupplied from the original Account.

Go

13 W. III.

3° Februarii.

7ll

For every Inhibition ----- - o

For Compositions for Processes transmitted a Judicibus inscrioribus ab utraque Parte; viz. a Fourth- part of the Tax of the Appellant, and the Third-part of the Party Appellatee -J

For transmitting the Proceedings of any Cause appealed to the Court of Delegates, per Leaf - - o

For Poundage of Money deposited in Court, per Libram - o

But of Money deposited for Master and Mariners, as a Gratuity for fighting against the Turks, per Libram o

s. a 7 8 ut intra.

Admiralty

Fees.

0

O

0

4

2

3

Stat. 22, 23. Car. II. Cap. 11. P. 10.

For all Matters not herein expressed concerning criminal Business, to be paid what is usually taken for such Proceedings in Middlesex or Surry.

And for translating and abstracting Writings out of foreign Languages, Interpretations, and any other Matters relating to Prize Business, not before-mentioned, according to their Length, as was paid in former Wars.

Orl: Gee, Register.

A Table of the FEES which have customarily been, and are usually, paid to the Marshal of the High Court of

Admiralty.

For executing a Warrant against any Vessel, Goods, or Person, or an Attachment -To the Marshal's Man, for being put on board a Ship, to secure her, or any Goods aboard, under an'J

Arrest, per Day and Night - ....

For inquiring after, and reporting, the Sufficiency of a Bail for each Surety - For inquiring after, and certifying, the Sufficiency of the Sureties for a Letter of Mart For summoning a Jury to inquire about any Person drowned or slain within the Jurisdiction of the')

Admiralty ——

For executing an ordinary Monition or Decree ——

For the Release of an Arrest made by Warrant under the Small Seal, upon any Action above 5/.

For the Subducting of every Action under the Small Seal....

For executing every Decree of Appraisement, including the making the Inventories For every special Default ——

For a Primum Decretum -

For every Sentence, Secundum Decretum, or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a Sentence in'] a Civil Cause ——

For the like in a Prize Cause ——

For every other Interlocutory Decree, not having the Force of a Sentence - For selling a Ship or Goods by Auction, or the Candle, if sold for 200l. or under And if above, 10 per Centum.

For delivering Possession of any Vessel or Goods ——

For drawing and ingrossing a Pair of Indentures, for delivering Possession of any Vessel or Goods For serving an ordinary Monition, and Fee, of a Sentence for condemning a Ship and Lading to his Majesty But, if only for Goods - - - - / -

For the Discharge of a Person sent to the Marshalsea in a Civil Cause - For the Discharge of a Person in a Criminal Cause, Five Marks -

To the Marshal, and his Man, for being sent out to apprehend any Criminal; 6 s. 8d. per Day and Night to the Marshal, and 4s. per Day and Night to his Man, besides Charges.

John Cheek, Marshal.

A Table of the FEES which have customarily been, and are usually, paid to the Crier of the High Court of

Admiralty.

L

For every Primum Decretum ~ -o

For a Secundum Decretum - -- -- 0

For a Sentence - - 0

For an Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a Sentence ----- -- 0

£ s. d.

0 10 0

}° 2 6

/ 0 4 0

1 0 .0

}° 6 8

) 0 4 0

0 2 8

0 1 8

1 6 8

0 3 4

0 4 4

}° 7 8

J 0 8 8

0 2 4

1 0 0

0 6 8

0 6 8

r 0 14 0

0 10 0

0 15 10

3 6 8

For an Oath

Ordered, That the said Tables of Fees do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Annesley and Mr. Hooper, Two of the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Books relating to the Proceedings of the said Trustees; with a Schedule of them: And they were asked several Questions, by the House; which they gave Answers to.

And afterwards withdrew.

And the Schedule of the Books w*as read; and is a9 followeth; viz.

N° 1. A Rent-roll of the forfeited Estates.

2. An Abstract of the Rent-roll.

3. Incumbrances reported.

4. Incumbrances not reported.

Vol 13.

s*.

1

1

1

1

0

Tho. Booker, Crier.

d.

o

o

0

o

4

5. An Estimate of all such Incumbrances as are not yet determined.

6. A Book containing all Receipts and Payments made by the Trustees, distinguishing the Personal Estates from the Rents.

7. Establishment for Christmas Quarter One Thousand Seven hundred and One; with the extraordinary Charge of the Execution of the Commission, from the Beginning, to the Thirty-first of December.

8. A Table of Fees settled by the Trustees.

9. A List of forfeited Houses in Dublin, as surveyed; with a Plan of each House, as intended to be sold.

10. A Charge upon the several Grantees, as far as the Incumbrances are stated.

11. The private Estate surveyed; with the Number of Acres, the Value of each Acre, and the yearly Value, if now to be set for a Term of Years.

8 U 12. A

Irish Forfeitures.

3° Februarii.

A. 1701.

12. A Book, containing the several Persons outlawed in the County Palatine of Tipperary.

And the Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Then the Journal of the last Session; and also the Clause in the Act of Parliament, relating to the'Petitions concerning the Irish Forfeitures; being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do proceed upon the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures, now lying before the House, before they do receive any other Petitions;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teite for >he Yeas, } &8.

Tellers for the Noes,[ ]ic>7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That, after this Day Fortnight, this House will receive no Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered, That the Petitions and Reports be proceeded upon, in Order as they stand reported to the House, from the Committee appointed to separate the said Petitions, and the Reports from the Trustees.

Ordered, That, upon reading the said respective Petitions and Reports, the Two Trustees now in Town be present to be examined to any thing the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petitions and Reports be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That no Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures be received but between the Hours of Twelve and One.

The said Mr. Annesley and Mr. Hooper were called in again; and examined touching a Letter, and an Address, which they had mentioned to the House: Copies whereof they presented to the House.

And then they withdrew.

The said Copies were read; and are as follow; viz.

The Copy of the Letter.

Gentlemen, . Dublin, 23 December 1701.

IT is the Opinion of our Friends in England, who have an Opportunity to make the best Judgment of Things, That, if the King be rightly applied to, it may be in his Majesty's Power to procure us a Relaxation of the Grievances which the Act of Resumption hath brought upon us: They therefore have taken care to meet frequently, to consult of proper Methods; and have imparted their Thoughts to us: We have followed their Advice, and have made it our Business to have the Sense of the Nobility and Gentry here concerning the same Affair.

The Result of all the Consultations both there and here, and our unanimous Opinion, is, That the best and only Way is, for all the Counties in this Kingdom to represent our Grievance, and implore his Majesty's Favour and Assistance.

The Parchment inclosed is the Tenor of all the Addresses that we have sent to other Places: That which we intreat from you, and our good Friends of your County, as we have from worthy Gentlemen, and true Lovers of their Country, in all other Counties of Ireland, is, That you will, with all your Interest, recommend this Address at the next Quarter Sessions: The easiest and most concise Method will be, to have it read publickly, and signed by the Justices of Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of your County: When it is sent up hither, which pray do with all imaginable Expedition, due Care shall be taken to have it sent, and' presented to his Majesty, by acceptable Hands. The Service you will do to your Country, and the Obligations you will lay on the Protestants of this Kingdom, will be so great, that it will be needless^ to say, by way

of Incitement to you, that your Care in this Affair will greatly obligfe

Your affectionate Friends and Servants,

Meath, Invhiquin, Abercorn, Blesinton,

Hen. Tichborne Gus. Hamilton, K id. B rosier, Rob. Adare, John Cony, John Davys,

J. Lassaduel, Tho. Carr, Hen. Tomson, Tho. Burdet,

Donal Brien, Fran. Butler, Hen. Davys, Arth. Shaeiiy John Dillon, John Or ms by. Hen. Westenra, William Crow, Matth. Bridges, Rob. Johnston, Blany Toxvnley, Arthur Davys, Edw. Wing/teld, B. Butler,

Tho. Ash,

Da. Freight on, James Cony James Tvphm, U rn. Connelly Mann. Coghili, Sam. Dopping, Cha. Campbell, Da. Golborn, Rich. Owen, Jo. Winslanly Geo. Merefeili.

As soon as you have got this signed, let it be returned to M. Coghili, or W. Connolly, who will take care to transmit it to proper Persons in England, to present it to the King.

The said Address:

To the King's most Excellent Majesty,

The humble Address of the Nobility, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County* of West-Meath, at their General Quarter Sessions held at the

Day of 1701.

YOUR Majesty's faithful and loyal Subjects the Protestants of this Your Kingdom of Ireland, lying under such Pressures, by means of the late Act of Resumption, and of the Execution thereof, that they apprehend the

----- Protestants of this Kingdom, who have all of them,

to the utmost of their Power, been most forward and zealous for Your Majesty's Interest, and instrumental in reducing this Kingdom to its Dependence upon the Crown of England, must be the unavoidable Consequence of the Execution of that Act, do humbly fly to Your Majesty's Protection; and pray, That Your Majesty, the Restorer of their Religion, Rights, and Liberties, would once again be pleased to take their distressed Condition into Your Princely Consideration, and, by such Methods as to Your Majesty shall seem expedient, and their present Circumstances, and the Justice of their Cause, do require, apply suitable Remedies to the severe Burden under which they lie.

The deplorable Condition of very many Families, who always adhered firmly to the Interest of Your Majesty, and the Crown of England, and the general Discouragement that Act has given to the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, constrain us, Avitli all Humility, to lay before Your Majesty, That the Act being intirely framed and passed in England, the real Truth of our late Circumstances could not be known: Hence we have Reason to complain,

1st, The Persons, who chiefly receive any Benefit or Favour by this Act, are the Papists of this Kingdom; and, among them, principally those, who, to the last, opposed Your Majesty's Arms and Interest: And, besides many other particular Favours to Irish Papists, all those, who, by Your Majesty's Grace, obtained the Reversal of their Outlawries, have the Benefit of those Reversals confirmed to them; and are, by this Act, restored as well to their Estates, as to their Blood, when most of the Grants made to the Protestants are re-assumed:

2. That the Improvers, and poor Husbandmen, who, by several Proclamations issued by Your Majesty* Order, were encouraged and required to betake themselves to their Tillage, to repair the Desolation wrought by the War, and prevent a Famine, are, by it, deprived of all the Benefit of their Labours, and the Charges of their Improvements:

3. That those, who purchased under Patentees, are generally Protestants, who, in their Dealings for these Estates, acted agreeably to the then known and established

Laws

13 W. III. 30 — 40 Februarii. 719

Laws of these Kingdoms; though now, by a Law made c.v post facto, they find themselves in the Condition of forfeiting Persons:

4. That the ill Consequence of this Act, and the Execution of it, do not only affect the Purchasers of forfeitures, but your Majesty's other Subjects here, who are wholly unconcerned in those Titles, and disquiet the whole Kingdom; for, some of the Trustees having declared in Court their Opinion, That, what Land soever they shall think fit to sell, it shall never after be controverted, whether that Land was the Estate of a forfeiting Person, and, in consequence of that, vested in them by the Act; but that their Sales, whatsoever they are, are confirmed by the Act, and past Controul: Your Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom are sensible, that, if this Opinion prevail, the whole Property of Ireland depends upon the arbitrary Wills of the Majority of the Trustees:

5. That the Power given to the Trustees is so arbitrary and unlimited, that all Persons, under colour of Discoveries, or upon other Pretences, are liable to be summoned to appear before them, and to attend their Pleasure:

6. That the Act is a great Discouragement to Protestant Proprietors to, lay out Money in Improvements, upon account of the Uncertainty of Tilles to Estates here; it being construed not only to subject Titles, established by Judgments and Decrees of the highest Courts of Law and Equity here, to the Re-examination of the Trustees; but, in express Terms, defeats a Title confirmed by an Act of a Parliament legally convened, and held under Your Majesty, within this Kingdom:

7th, That the whole Scheme of the Act, and the Manner of the Execution of it, depresses... discontinues the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, and encourages the Popish; of the Danger of which, we, who have felt the Effects of it, must alw ays be apprehensive; but more particularly now, when the Papists, throughout the whole Nation, by the Insolence of their Behaviour, shew, that the Acknowledging of the pretended Prince of Wales by the French King, or some other Dependence, has raised their Expectations to a great Height

We are persuaded, that the Parliament of England were in no sort apprised either of the Hardships, or dangerous Consequences, of the Act; and are sensible that the whole Act is grounded upon gross Misinformations given them concerning the Value of the Forfeitures; which were represented, by the Persons intrusted with that Inquiry, to be at least Four times the Value of what they will be found to amount to We will not affirm, that this was done wilfully, or to serve private Ends; but we must say, and can make it plain beyond Denial, that all Proofs offered to them in their Inquiries, though never so plain and evident, were by them disregarded and rejected, when they tended to lessen the Value of the Forfeitures, and deprive them of an Handle for making their exorbitant Report.

And we must add, that the Expences to which this Kingdom hath already been put, in Attendance upon the Trustees, with Counsel, Witnesses, in Fees to their Officers, &c. ,* the Salaries of the Trustees themselves, and of near Relations to some of them; and other Officers put into Employments, with great Allowances, under them; with other Charges winch the Act has occasioned to this Kingdom; if cast up, will exceed the utmost that the Act, even as now executed, can produce: Such a Sum might, without Grievance or Complaint, have been laid equally upon the Forfeitures in Ireland; and thereby the Publick might have received some Benefit, and this Kingdom not have groaned under a Burden, which nothing but the last Necessity forces her to complain of in this manner: Something of this kind may yet be done, though not near to what might have been, before the Country was so impoverished by the Means of the Act.

May it please your Majesty to suffer us, upon thisOc-sion, to assure Your Majesty, That Your Protestant Subjects of this Kingdom are so sensible of the inexpressible Favours they have received from Your Majesty, and of Your tender Care of them, that nothing can ever shake -their Faith and Duty to Your Majesty; and that, what-

Vol. \3.

ever the Malice of their Enemies may, for private End.«jt or ill Designs, suggest to the contrary, no Inducements whatsoever can prevail with them to endeavour to make; or to wish, themselves independent of, or not subject to the Crown of England; and that none of Your Majesty's Subjects of any of Your Dominions will, upon all Occasions, shew a more forward and ready Zeal to maintain and defend, against all Opposers whatsoever, Your Majesty's Sacred Person, and Government, the Protestant Religion, the Laws, Liberties, and the Right, of the Crown of England' than Your Majesty's Protestant Subjects of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Earl of Abercome, arid James Tbp+ ham Esquire, do attend this House upon Thursday Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriii 4° die Februarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Teitii.

Prayers.

COLONEL Churchill, according to Order, presented BoscawenH to the House a Bill to naturalize Charlotte the Wife Nat. of Hugh Boscawen Esquire: And the same w as received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Adams Esquire, Grandfather, Adams' and Thomas Jenkins, Uncle, of William and FJiz. Adams, ^3tale* Infants, for and on the behalf of the said William and Elizabeth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William the Grandfather, being seised in Fee of an Estate of 300l. per Annum, in the County of Salop, '

did, upon the Marriage of his Son William with Mary the Petitioner Jenkins Sister, settle the said Premises on William his Son, for Life, and the Issue of that Marriage; reserving a Power to his said Son, That by Deed or Will, he might charge the said Estate with any Sum not exceeding i,6oo/. fora Provision for his younger Children, if any: That William is dead, without executing the said Power; though he has left Rich, his eldest Son, about Ten Years of Age, and William and FJiz. his younger Children by the said Mary, who is also dead:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for charging the said Premises with 800 /. for the Maintenance and Portions of the said Infants William and Eliz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Kinaston and Sir John Bollcs do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Sir John Bollcs reported from the Committee, to whom Apothecaries the Bill for reviving the Act for exempting Apothecaries exempt from from serving the Office of Constable, Scavenger, and offices, other Parish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; was committed; That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'as twice read.

And the Question being put, That the House do agre^ with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And that they do meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do, in the Bill, exempt Apothecaries from all Parish Offices.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, and other Inhabit- Ditto, ants, of the several Parishes within the City and Liberties

of

720

4° Februar

A. 1701.

of Westminslc r,on behalf of themselves, and others, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners do find the Serving Parish Offices very burdensome, and come too often to their Turns, by reason Apothecaries have, by virtue of an Act of Parliament now expiring, been exempted from the same, though they are as well, or better, able to pay the usual Fines to the Poor, which others pay, who desire to be exempted: And praying, That the Act for exempting Apothecaries from Parish Offices may not be revived; or that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill depending in the House for that Purpose, That the Apothecaries in Westminster may pay the usual Fines for Parish Offices, when they shall be appointed to serve the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Salt Duties. Ordered, That Ijeave be given to bring in a Bill, for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Duties upon Salt: And that Mr. Cony and Mr. Late tides do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Cheese- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

mongers. prevent the Abuses of Cheesemongers, and their Factors: And that the Earl of , and Sir Roger do

prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Bridges in Ordered, That Mr. Clark, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Earl of Highways Dysert, Mr. Barrell, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Pagitt, Sir Rich.

Onslow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain or alter the Act made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of Hen. VUIth, concerning repairing and amending Bridges in the Highways, is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, «ho are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Mr. Speaker ceived another Letter from William Fuller; which lie commui"* read to the House: Wherein William Fuller writes, That Leu* Tho. Jutes Esquire, and John Englesfield Gentleman, are come near to the Town, in order to attend this House.

Ordered, That William Fuller be, at his own Desire, brought to attend this House To-morronr Morning: And that the Warden of the Fleet do bring him accordingly, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the said William Fuller do bring Tho.

Jones Esquire, and John Englesfield Gentleman, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, according to his Undertaking, and the Warrants he has had, for that Purpose, from this House.

Person# ordered to be brought up.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he Mr. Vernon had, according to the Direction of the House, examined ^uainU tb* into the Matter of the Papers inclosed in Dr. Stringers cou‘ Letter; and had taken die Examination of Papers re-

mentioned in those Papers, who is a Prisoner in the Coun- ferrediohim. ter; but that, the same being chiefly Hearsay from one Johnson, who, he said, was a Barber, and lived in White-fryet's, he had endeavoured, by the Beadle of the Place, and ancient Parishioners, to find the said Johnson; but that they had declared, They never heard of such a Man.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Vernon do deliver the said Examinations, and Papers, to Mr. Attorney General, in order to prosecute the said # Romain: And that he do prosecute him accordingly.

flirt*1

is-'

Ok*

fei-jr

ifc'iiy

fcaie.

.liny I torturt!

Woollen A Petition of the Governors of the Dutch Bay-hall,

Manufdc- and also of the Bay-makers, Say-makers, and Perpetuana-

Uucs‘ makers, in Colchester, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That many Thousands of People in and about Colchester are employed in the Woollen Manufactures; for the Managing whereof great Quantities of Wool are weekly bought at London, Buckinghamshire, and other inland Counties, and brought to Colchester, and is weekly carried to Spinners, many whereof live Thirty Miles off: That certain Persons, deputed by Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament to prevent the Exportation of Wool, have seized great Quantities of the Petitioners Wool, as passing backwards and forwards, in the way of their Trades, under Pretence of being carried at Hours contrary to the said Act, notwithstanding the Petitioners never did, or endeavoured to, export Wool: And those Seizures tend to the Discouragement and stopping the said Trades; for that the Petitioners cannot make their weekly Returns, especially in short Days, and bad Roads, without exceeding the Hours limited by the said Act: And praying, That some Expedient may be found out for permitting the Petitioners to bring their Wool from London, and other Places, and carrying it to Spinners; and for bringing home Yam; without restraining them to the said Hours; yet continuing the Laws in Force to prevent Exportation of Wool or Yarn.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and preventing the same.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bri- Bribery at bery and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve Elections, in Parliament, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he wa3 directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bmk

King's Bench and Fleet, be read Tomorrow Morning, and Fleet

Prisons.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Publication pointed to consider of Methods of Preventing Libels, and of Libeli. scandalous Papers, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

for-

Rno!

h

U

Ur

Pn>

Creditors on A Petition of the Proprietors of the Tallies due upon Duties Vellum and Parchment, was presented to the House, and utlcs' read; setting forth, That the Petitioners advanced the Sum of 30,000 /. upon the Credit of the Act for laying a Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, when the same could not be obtained from any other Persons on so uncertain a Fund, and when the Petitioners could have made 30 or 40 per Centum of Tallies upon good Funds: And praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration.

11

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Am

JMc

13 W. III. 50 Februarii.

721

Cr*

'*1

K

-a

Wircdrawer*

Trade.

St. Mawes Election.

Windsor

Deanery

Estate.

Army Debentures.

Water-mea-suraof Fruit.

Rye

Harbour.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Answer to Address*

Jovis, 5* die Februarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Terlii.

Prayers.

MR. Vernon, according to Order, presented to the House a Rill for continuing and amending the Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportion of fine Silver, and Silk, for the better Making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wiredrawers: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Vernon, and James Vernon Esquire, his Son, have Leave to withdraw their Petition touching the F.lection for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the County of Cornu al/.

Mr. Topham, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for enabling the Dean and Canons of the King's free Chapel of St.George, within the Castle of Windsor, to take from his Majesty, in Exchange for divers Parcels of Land belonging to them, other Lands or Rents of like Value: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of his Majesty's Army for the Y'cars One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, and One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners cloathed the Army on the Off-reckonings of those Y'ears, not doubting but the same woidd be effectually paid; but they have been out of their Money ever since, without any Interest; and those Debentures, given out pursuant to a late Act of Parliament, are above 40/. per Centum Discount: And the greatest Part of the Petitioners, w hose Accounts are not yet stated, are in a worse Condition, by reason of the Uncertainty of the Time and Manner of Payment; which is so great a Grievance, that it hath reduced the Petitioners to great Necessities: And praying, That they may have Interest on their Debentures; or be otherwise relieved, in such manner as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Birch, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for ascertaining the Water-measure of Fruit: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Femmes, Sir Fran.Drake, Mr. Andcrton, Mr. Pier-point, Mr. Birch, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness is committed.

A Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, after Twelve a Clock.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to interpose with his Allies, that they may increase their Quotas of Land Forces, to be put on board the Fleet, in proportion to the Number his Majesty shall have on board his Fleet; his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he would interpose with his Allies, to increase their Forces, that are to go on board Vo L. 13.

the Fleet, in proportion to the Number his Majesty shall have on board his Fleet.

Major General Erie, according to Order, presented Punishing to the House a Bill for the Punishing of Officers and ^,utiriv Soldiers that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland: esei t10"'

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr . Blatliwait, from the Commissioners of Trade and Improve-

Plantations, presented to the House an Answer to their Orders, directing them to lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings, for the Improvement of Trade, since their last Account laid before this Mouse; and also the State of the Plantations, with relation to Trade, and their Security; together with the Names of the present Governors of the Plantations.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Answer and State areas follow'; viz.

The said Answer:

IN Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, dated the Nineteenth of the last Month, requiring us to lay before them an Account of our Proceedings, for the Improvement of Trade, since our Account given in the Twelfth of March last; and in further Obedience to an Order of the Thirty-first of the last Month, requiring us to lay before this Honourable House the State'of the Plantations with relation to Trade, and their Security, together with the Names of the present Governors of the Plantations; we humbly take Leave to represent,

That, in pursuance of his Majesty's Commission for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom, and for inspecting and improving his Majesty's Plantations and Factories in America, and elsewhere, we have continued to apply ourselves to the Care of those Plantations, in relation to their Government and Commerce: And there being, within the Allegiance of the Crow n of England, Twenty several Colonies, besides Hudsons Bay and A Newfoundland, in which last Place there is no Governor; each of which have their distinct Governments, Councils, and General Assemblies, by whom Laws, and Rules of Government, are passed and enacted; some of which Colonies are governed by his Majesty's immediate Commission, and others by Proprietors and Charters; with these Governments, and particularly those under his Majesty's especial Direction, we have managed a constant Correspondence; in the Course whereof, the said Governors have sent us Journals of their Councils, Assemblies, and other publick Proceedings, with Accounts of all Matters whatsoever relating to their respective Governments; ajl which have been considered by us, and the necessary Orders returned thereupon: More particularly, the Acts of the several Assemblies, transmitted to us, have been examined; and our Reports have thereupon been made to his Majesty, in his Privy Council, for his Royal Assent, or Disallowance: In all which we have, according to our Duty, had especial Regard to the Interest and Improvement of the Trade of England, as well as to the Good of the Plantations.

We have prepared the necessary Orders, Commission, and Instructions, for Brigadier Selwyn, whom his Majesty has been pleased to appoint Governor of Jamaica: We have prepared the like Dispatches, Commission, and Instructions, for the Lord Cornbury, whom his Majesty has been pleased to constitute Governor oi New York: And, his Majesty having though fit to separate the said Government of New York from that of the Massachuscts Bay in New England, and to appoint Colonel Dudley to be Governor of the Place last mentioned, we have likewise prepared his Commission for that Government.

His Majesty having, by one of his principal Secretaries of State, directed us to prepare a Commission, and Instructions, for MitfordCrow Esquire to be Governor of Barbadoes, we have accordingly prepared his Commission .-In all which Commissions, and other Dispatches, we have 8 X made

I!

Improvement of Trade.

72a 50 Februarii. A. 1701.

made such Provisions and Alterations, as we conceive new Draught of an Act to be offered to the Assembly of proper, as well for the Defence, as for the Trade, of Maryland, for the Establishment of religious Worship those several Places. in that Province, according to the Church of

Convoys.] We have proposed to his Majesty the ap- and for the Maintenance of Ministers: Which Draught pointing several Convoys necessary to attend and protect was sent to Maryland, having been first approved by his the Trade of the Plantations; and have endeavoured to Grace the Lord Archbishop, and the Lord Bishop of prevent the Abuses complained of in the Impresting of London.

Seamen by Captains, or other Officers, of his Majesty's Justice in the Plantations.] We have likewise ta^ntbe Ships of War in those Parts, the Irregularities of this best Care we could, that his Majesty's Subjects in the Practice having been found of bad Consequence, as well Plantations should be freed from Oppression, as to their to the Trade, as the Settlement, of those Plantations. Civil Rights; and that equal Justice should be adminis-ln Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, referred to tered to them: And herein we beg Leave to represent, us, relating to Merchant Ships in the West Indies;which, That, since the Report of that Subject laid by us before

being commissionated by the Governors of his Majesty's the Honourable House of Commons, the 23d of April Plantations, had worn such Colours, as ought only to be last, we having received an Answer from the Lord borne by his Majesty's Ships of War; we did humbly offer then Governor in Chief of Barbaioes, as likewise from the our Opinion, That his Majesty's Governors having Vice Council of that Island, in relation to Complaints made of Admiralty Jurisdiction, it was, as well for the Security of Irregularities in the Proceedings of the Courts of Justice the Ships so employed by them, as for the Dignity of his there; which Answer we likewise communicated to Mr. Majesty's Commission, that such Ships, though they should Hodges, one of the chief Complainants, and received a not wear his Majesty's Colours, should be distinguished Reply thereunto; we reported our Opinion to his Ma-from ordinary Merchant Ships, and trading Vessels; and jesty upon the whole Matter, the 12th of December last: accordingly such a Mark of Distinction was agreed on by And, upon a new Petition from Mr. Isaac the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the neces- another Complainant, we made a further Report, the 29th sary Advice and Directions given thereupon by us to the of January last: Which Reports shew the good Effects several Governors of his Majesty's Plantations. ' of the Directions given from time to time, in that behalf.

Suppiession of Pirates.] For the more effectual Sup- Upon Complaints made to us of several Hardships pression of Pirates, and the better Execution of the Act done to some of his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of of Parliament in that behalf, we, having dispatched his Christopher's, and irregular Practices committed by Majesty's Commission, for the Tryal of such Offenders, Captain James Norton, Lieutenant Governor of that to the several Governors of his Majesty's Colonies in Island, we gave Directions therein to Colonel Codring-America, have received their Answers; wherein they as- ton, Governor in Chief of his Majesty's Leeward Ca-sure us of their Care and Diligence in putting the said Act Islands; who, having inquired into the Truth of

in Execution: And his Majesty having been further those Complaints, suspended the said Norton from his pleased, upon our Report, to direct, That Duplicates of Government, till his Majesty's Pleasure therein should the said Commissions should be sent to each of the said be further known; and, upon a Representation made by Plantations by George Larkin Esquire, nominated a Com- us on that Subject, his Majesty hath been pleased to re roissioner for the Trying of Pirates, that he, being a Person move the said Norton from that Trust, well versed in the Civil Law, and Proceedings of the Upon the Petition of Mr. Samuel Allen, Proprietor Court of Admiralty, might instruct the other Commis- of Hampshire; complaining, That, in a Tryal in sioners in the most proper Methods, and accordingly the Superior Court of Judicature in that Province, upon settle the Forms for the Holding of those Courts; we pre- an Action in Ejectment, in order to the determining his pared Instructions for the said Larking whereby he was Right to the Propriety and Quit-rents claimed by him, ordered to repair to Newfoundland; from thence to the the Judges and Juries being Tenants, and consequently Massac.huse.ts Bay, New York, Maryland, Virginia, Parties, a Verdict had passed against him; upon which, Leeward Islands, Barbadoes, and Jamaica; in each of an Appeal being desired, his Majesty was pleased, upon which Plantations, he is directed to deliver the said Du- our Representation, to allow of such Appeal, plicates of the Commissions to the respective Governors, Mr. John and Nicolas Hallam have complained, by and proper Officers, of those Places; who were to give Petition to his Majesty, That the Governor and Company Notice thereof to the Propriety and Charter Governments of had refused to admit them to appeal to

comprehended within each of their respective Districts. his Majesty in Council here, from a Sentence passed in We have been informed from Mr. Larkin, at St.Johns a Court of Assistants in that Colony; we advised therein Neujoundland, That he had settled the Forms of Tryals upon with his Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General, for Pirates, and left such Directions, relating to those in point of Law; and, upon our Report, the Petitioners Tryals, in the Hand of the proper Officer there, that obtained an Order in Council to their Satisfaction, there could be no Error in the Proceedings against such In these, and other Causes relating to the Plantations, Pirates as may be taken in those Parts: He has done the we have used our best Endeavours, that the Persons con-same at Boston in the Massachuseis Colony, One of the cemed might have Dispatch in their Affairs: And, upon Charter Governments, where illegal Trade and Piracy all Applications made to us from Merchants, and others have found so general Encouragement, that he doubts, concerned in Trade, we have constantly represented their w hether the Act will be duly complied with in its Exccu- Cases to his Majesty, or given them such other Assist-tion: We shall continue to do what in us lies in this be- ance, as the Nature of their Business has required, half, by giving the most particular Instructions hereupon Project of a Treaty with .] Having been re-

to the Governor, whom his Majesty shall send thither. quired to consider, and report our Opinion, upon the Act for Ministers in Maryland.j Upon the Petition of Project of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Emperor several Dissenters in Maryland, complaining of an Act of Morocco; and more particularly, whether a Peace with passed in the Assembly of that Province, intituled, An that Government would be for the Benefit and Advantage Act for the Service of Almighty God, and Establishment of the Trade of this Kingdom; we did thereupon consult of Religion, in that Province, according to the Church the Merchants concerned in that Trade, and having re-of England; which Act heing inconsistent with the Title, presented our Opinion, That, in the present Circumstances and, according to what the Petitioners represented, inter- of Affairs, such a Treaty might be advantageous, wre also fering with the Acts of Settlement there, and with the offered such Alterations, or Observations, upon that Pro-Act of 1 oleration; and that it would prove a Hardship ject, as we conceived proper, more especially with relation upon them, and a Discouragement to the Plantation to Passes; observing thereupon, that the obliging English Trade, that this Act should be confirmed by his Majesty; Ships to produce Passes to those Rovers, would be a wc did, after hearing the Parties, represent that Matter to Means to furnish them with new Pretences and Cavils, his Majesty; and, by his Majesty's Directions, formed a wherewith to colour their Violences; we therefore humbly J proposed,

i3 w.m

,0

Februarit.

733

proposed, That the ArticH relating the reunto, might, at Whereas it has been a long Custom, to make all Goods, present, be omitted; but, if they should, in any future entered in, or out of Leghorn, to pay Porterage, whether Occasion, insist upon it, that it might be used as an landed or not; the Great Duke has now ordered, That Argument to obtain better Terms from them upon any no such Duty should be required, but upon Goods actu-other Point in Dispute. ally landed.

Trade at Leghorn.] We having, upon the Application Trade in general.] As our Commission requires us to of the Merchants of this City trading to Leghorn, repre- take an Account of the State and Condition of the Trade sented to his Majesty, That they lay under Hardships, of England in general, and of the several particular Trades and had Taxes imposed on their Merchandizes in the to all foreign Parts; and to enquire into, and examine, Dominions of the Great Duke of Tuscany, contrary to the what Trades are, or may be, hurtful, and how they might ancient Immunities and Privileges enjoyed by the English be rectified, or discouraged; we have accordingly made in those Parts; and having thereupon proposed what a constant Inspection into the genenal State of Trade; and, might most contribute to their Ease and Security; we have on the 13th of January 1698, did lay before the Honour-been informed by Sir Lambert Blackwell, his Majesty's able House of Commons our Opinion, That, by our In-Envoy Extraordinary in that Court, That, upon our quiries, we did find, we bad imported, from some Coun-Report, such Directions were given, that the Grievances tries, Goods to a much greater Value than we had exported; complained of were removed, and the following Advan- and particularly, that we were overbalanced in our Trade tages procured; viz. with and the about 200,0001, per Annum;

A Liberty, that all English Ships, from his Majesty's in our Trade to and , about 150,000l.

Dominions, with net Patents, should be admitted to im- per Annum; and that, by the Entries in the Custom-house mediate Pratique in the Ports of Tuscany; which had not Books, it appeared, that we had, for several Years, been allowed for above Forty Years: exported to the East Indies above 400,000l. per Annum

A Liberty, that all Woollen Goods, from his Majesty's in Bullion, besides what was carried out privately, or Dominions, might be carried immediately from on Ship- shipped from Spain: And that for some Years before the board to the Merchants Warehouses, without making a late War began, we had been overbalanced in the French Quarantine of Fifteen Days, as had been practised for Trade about one Million per Annum; with our Obser-above Forty Years, to the great Damage of their Goods, vations thereupon, that such Trades had occasioned the and Prejudice of the Merchants: Exportation and Decrease of our Silver Coin.

The Great Duke has taken off a Duty of 2/. per Cent. Exports and Imports.] By the Inquiries we have since which, for Forty Years past, has been paid on all English made, we are confirmed in the same Opinions; but more "Woollen Goods from his Majesty's Dominions; as like- particularly by foe Abstracts of the Exports and Imports; wise a Duty of a Half per Cent which was laid on foe per- by which it appears, font, from Christmas 1697, to sonal Estates of all foe English Merchants at Leghorn:Michaelmas 1698.

Exported. Pounds. 1 Imported. I Pounds.

To Sweden ----- - 52,379 From Sweden - 219,492

To Denmark and Norway - 37,232 From Denmark and Norway - 9°>957

To the Baltick, or East-Country 150,018 From the Baltick, or East-Country - 197,476

239,629 507,925

From Chr istmas i6gl }, to Christmas 1699.

Exported. Pounds. Imported. Pounds.

To Sweden ----- - 57,587 {From Sweden ----- - 245,802

To Denmark and Norway - 38,078 1 From Denmark and Norway - 86,744

To the Baltick, or East-Country - - 165,73* From the Baltick, or the East-Country 224,546

261,396 557,09 2

To East India. From East India.

In Goods - - - 155,235 In Goods 717,695

In Silver, at 5 s. per Ounce - - - 841,881/. Sterling.

In Gold, at 4/. per Ounce ... - - - 29,228

871,109

To the said Abstract must be added the Freight, or Carriage, of most of the Goods that come from Sweden,

Denmark, Norway, and the Baltick; because it is paid to foe Natives of those Countries, or to Foreigners; which, upon some Commodities, amounts to near as much as the First Cost of the Goods, and will make those Over-balances to be more than we represented: And, by the said Abstracts, and other Informations, we find, That, since that Representation, foe Exportation of Bullion for India has much increased upon us; which has occasioned a greater Consumption of Silver: And the increasing Expence in the Consumption of some foreign Commodities at home, hath hindered the Exportation of it, as Wines} which amounted to 21,568 Tons between Christmas 1698, and Christmas 1699, which coming most from Spain and Portugal, the Importation of Bullion from those Parts is much lessened thereby.

Vol. 13.

We did then further represent, That the great Variations and Changes, which have happened in Trade since foe Year 1660, did require, that a new Book of Rates should be framed, which, we humbly conceive, should be done, and offered to the Consideration of this Honourable House, as the most effectual Way to remove many Difficulties, which our particular Trades lie under, occasioned by the Alterations, which have happened in the Price of most Commodities since the Year 1660, our Neighbour-N ations having taken great Ad vantages on several Branches of our Trade, by many Commodities being charged too high, and others too low: And we have also suffered much by the Importation of many manufactured Goods, and Handicraft Wares, which hinder the Consumption of our own: Also the fair Traders are discouraged by foe Corruptions, which have grown up with Time, in the Management of foe Re-exports, Debentures and Drawbacks:

All

Improvement of Trade.

724

50 Februarii. A. 1701.

Improvement All which cannot have a more proper and general Re- We take Leave to add, that we have constantly had

of Trade. medy than by making a new Book of Rates, and by such under our Care that Article of our Commission, which Proposals as may be made by the Custom-house Officers; relates to the Poor, and the properest Methods of making consulting with Merchants upon such a View of the whole them useful, and not burdensome, to the Publick; ana Trade of the Nation, as will be necessary to compose having, in a former Parliament, made divers Proposals, such a Book. how, we conceived, that Work might be best effected.

Upon the whole, finding, that those Trades, which and prepared an Abstract of all the Laws on that Subject have an Overbalance, cannot be remedied, but by the now in Force, together with the Draught of a Bill, where-Help of the Legislative Power, we have thought it our by those Laws might be reduced to One, and laid the Duty to make these Remarks upon them; for, by our same before a Committee of the House of Commons; we Observations upon the vast Quantities of Silver annually do not find, that any further Progress can be made therein, exported; by the great Price that is given for Silver un- till this Honourable House shall have taken it into their coined, more than it is valued in Coin; by the small Consideration.

Quantities of foreign Silver, which have been brought to Plantations Trade'.] The present State of the Plan-the Mint to be coined for 12 Years last past; by thege- tations, in Relation to Trade, will best appear to this neral Use that is made of Gold Coin in all Parts of the Honourable House, by the Accounts we have from Kingdom, for the Payment of Debts, &c.; besides the Governors, and the Naval Officers, in those Parts, and present Apprehension of an Interruption in the Plate from the Abstracts of Imports and Exports here.

Trade from the Spanish Indies; it is too obvious, that our We.find, That there was exported, from the Island of Silver Coin has been much diminished by these Trades, Jamaica, from Christmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1698, the and in Danger to receive daily further Prejudice. Goods following; viz.

{Kds.

T ,. i Hogsheads

lndlco (Barrels -

&*iS-Ginger, Bags -Cotton, Bags -Logwood, Tons

12,461

521

V4

914

68

140

2,470

9*3

699

Fustick, Tons . - - 204

Stockfish-wood, Tons - - - - 60

Cocoa Nuts ^Hogsheads ^Barrels - - - 57 222

Sarsaparilla, Bags - - - 83

Braziletta-wood, Tons - - 37

Hides - - - 575

Elephants Teeth - - - 27

And some small Parcels of other Sort of Goods.

From Michaelmas 1698, to the 12th of December 1699.

c (Hogsheads

Su«ar (Barrels -

T ,. (Hogsheads

Indl" (Barrels -

0-0 *Krds-

Elephants Teeth

XT . CHogsheads

Cocoa Nuts ^Bar"e|s

Cinnamon, Bags

10,753

216

3

914

152

244

329

3

10

50

Ginger, Bags -

Cotton, Bags ----- Logwood, Tons -

Stockfish-wood, Tons -

Lignum Vitae, Tons Braziletta-wood, Tons -

Ebony, Tons - -

Lime-juice, Hogsheads -

Tortoise-shell, Barrels -

Melasses fH°S^s -

(Barrels -

Rum for other Plantations, Hogsheads -

Each Hogshead of Sugar contains between 1 o and 12 C. Weight.

1,415

1,032

1,641 i

761

10

3

4 192

10

i»5

10

58

Exported from the Island of Barbadoes from the 25th of March 1699, to the 25th of March 1700.

CHogsheads Brown Sugar? Barrels (Tierces

! Hogsheads Barrels Tierces Braziletta-wood, Tons

14,022

2,749

1,128

389

143

119

3t>

Cotton, Bags Ginger, Bags

Melasses

Lime-juice, Tons Aloes, Gourds -

£ Hogsheads £ Barrels

1,048

5,830

2,673

78

10

160

Hogsheads -

Brown Sugar< Barrels (Tierces

White Sugar e Barrels (Tierces

Hogsheads

Ginger

(Bags

<r

! Hogsheads (Barrels

From the 25th March 1700, to 24th June following. 11,462

2,922 818 61 . 56 20 5,394 3i 168

Cotton, Bags -

Hogsheads Melasses ? Barrels t Tierces Rum for the other7Hogsheads Plantations Barrels -Tierces -Kegs

816

2,468

242

186

924

1,130

1,042

10a

Some small Parcels of Wood, Aloes, and Lime-juice.

Each Hogshead of Barbadoes Sugar contains 7 C. Weight.

Exported from Virginia, one Year with another, from 35, to 40,000 Hogsheads of Tobacco. Exported from Maryland, one Year with another, from 25 to 30,000 Hogsheads of Tobacco. Each Hogshead of Tobacco usually contains 5 C. Weight.

By

13 W. HI. 50 Februarii. 725

By the Abstracts of the Custom-house Books, it appears, the Importations and Exportations from, and to, the several Plantations, from Michaelmas 1697, to Michaelmas 1698, were as follows:

Barbadoes Nevis -Antegoa Mountserrat -Jamaica -Bermuda Carolina Bahama Islands Virginia and Maryland Pensylvania -New-York New-England -Hudson's Bay

From Christmas 1698, to Christmas 1699.

Barbadoes

Nevis -

Antegoa

Mountserrat -

Jamaica

Bermuda

Carolina

Bahama Islands

Virginia and Maryland

Pensylvania -

New-York

New-England

Hudson's Bay

Imported into England from the Plantations. Exported from England into the Plantations.

308,089 146,849

54,748 14,547

52,903 20,756

" 24,421 3,369

189,566 120,774

2,926 3,970

9,265 18,460

184 —

*74,052 310,133

2,720 10,701

- 8,763 25,278

3*,254 93,475

8,031 2,852

£ 866,922 771,164

Imported into England from the Plantations. Exported from England to the Plantations.

£ 273,947 £ 150,968

74,857 16,477

109,440 30,435

23,162 7,159

174,844 136,690

58 1,330

12,326 11,599

302

198,115 205,074

4,540 17,062

- 16,818 26,660 42,781

127,277

4,235 944

£ 919,002 747,898

Newfoundland.] Upon the sending a Convoy, this Year, to Newfoundland, under the Command of Captain Gray-don, we gave him several Heads of Inquiry relating to the Trade and Fishery of those Parts; with particular Regard to the late Act of Parliament for the better Regulation thereof: We likewise gave such Heads of Instructions to Mr. Larkin, before-mentioned, as we conceived proper, with relation to that Trade, and have, from them, received Accounts; the chief Particulars whereof are as follows:

That, in general, the Inhabitants have not a due Regard to the several Regulations for the more advantageous Management of the Fishery; it being found, that, Northward of St.John, as far as Carbonier, and to the Southward, as far as Ferry land, the Trees are ruined, and the Woods destroyed, as much as before the late Act.

That the Admirals, and Masters of Ships, do not exactly observe the Rules prescribed by Act of Parliament: That, as to the Admirals keeping Journals and Accounts, there are few of them capable of doing it, as the Law directs:

That the Admirals, before the 20th of August, will hear some Complaints; but after that time, none are made to them; they being generally the greatest Offenders themselves:

That the Vessels from New-England supply the People of Newfoundland with Provisions, Bread, Beef, Pork, Flour, Peas, Butter, Boards, and great Quantities of Virginia Tobacco:

That the European Commodities, carried to Newfoundland by the Masters of English Ships, are as follows; Vox. 13.

From France, Brandy, Wine, Salt, Linen, Cantas, Paper, Hats, and Silk:

From Spain, Wine, Brandy, and Iron: And,

From Portugal, Wine, Brandy, Salt; Oil, and Linen: All which Goods are sold, or trucked, with the Traders from New-England, for Tobacco, Sugar, and other of the enumerated Commodities, which they carry to foreign Parts; so that, at the latter end of the Year, the Masters are wholly taken up in the Management of that illegal Trade, which might, in some measure, be prevented, had the Officer or Officers, commanding his Majesty's Ships, Power, like that of a Custom-house Officer, to seize such Goods:

That the New-England Traders seldom depart the Country, till the Men of War are first sailed; and then they carry with them Numbers of Handicraftsmen, Seamen, and Fishermen, whom they entice thither, in Expectation of great Wages:

That the Masters of Ships are very negligent in bringing their Men Home; whereby they save the Charge of their Passage; and those Men, so left, are enticed, and carried, to New-England:

That the Reason, why the New-England Men do fish upon the Coast of Newfoundland, besides their illegal Trade, is, that they may get those Men from thence; they having otherwise a more advantageous Fishery on their own Coast.

Against which Irregularities, we humbly offer, That a further Provision be made by some Bill, that shall pass this Honourable House, relating to Trade.

8 Y An

Improvement of Trade.

7^6 5 ° Februarii.A. 1761.

Improvement of Trade.

An ACCOUNT of our Trade and Fishery, and of the Planters, for the Years following.

Number of Ships Burden of the said Ships -

Number of Men belonging to the Ships -Number of the Boats belonging to the Ships Planters Boats -Quantity of Fish made by Ships Quantity of Fish made by the Inhabitants TMen -

Number of Inhabitants] ^omen

1698.

Children

[Servants

252I

24,318/

5,179

5321

397/ 114,700* 151,152 284 176 286 i,894j

Tons.

929

265,852 C. Weight.

2,640

Number of Fishing Ships Number of Sack Ships -Number of Fishing Ships Boats Number of By-Boats Number of Inhabitants Boats -Quantity of Fish made this Year Number of Inhabitants -

1699.

1661

68/

669]

"5>

457J

372,300 C. Weight 3,099

234

1,241

1700.

220

Number of Fishing Ships - 171!

Number of Sack Ships.....- 49J

Number of Men belonging to the Ships ----- -- 4,960

Number of Fishing Ships Boats - 800I

Number of By-Boats - -- - 90

Number of Inhabitants Boats ----- - 674J

Quantity of Fish made this Year - -- -- - 312,000 C. Weight

Number of Inhabitants ----- ----- - 3,773

1,564

1701.

Number of Fishing Ships ... Number of Sack Ships -

Burden of the Fishing Ships -Number of Fishing Ships Boats Number of By-boats -

Number of Inhabitants Boats -

Number of By-Boatmen, &c. -

Quantity of Fish made by Ships Quantity of Fish made by the Inhabitants -Quantity of Fish carried to Market -Quantity of Train made by Ships Quantity of Train made by the Inhabitants Number of Stages - -

; Men -

.Women -

Children -

Servants - -

121

993

79,820*1 c. Weight. i36,5°oJ 216,320

154,370 C. Weight. 1,263"! Hogsheads 2,533/ 3,796

544

461'

166 250 ‘ 2,698.

3,575

We take Leave to add a short Account of the State of the French Trade, and Fishery, in those Parts.

Their Trade in Furs, upon Newfoundland, is very inconsiderable; and their Fishery is managed all by Ilshing Ships, without making use of Sack Ships, or By-Boats, as the English do.

Their Plantations there do not increase; nor are they of any other Use than for preserving the Boats, Craft, and Goods, left by the Merchant Ships for the succeeding Vo \ age.

They fish upon the Banks in Placentia Bay, and upon the North-east Coast of Newfoundland.

Placentia is the only Place of Strength they have in the* Country; which is daily fortified, and well furnished with Ammunition; and had new Supplies this Year; there being Three Companies of Foot, with Thirty Men in each Company.

They have the Fish a Month sooner in Placentia Bay, make their Fish with greater Dispatch, and leave the Country much sooner, than our People; and, consequently, may supply any Market they please before us.

To tiiu Bank they send yearly a considerable Number of Ships, to fish there; who arrive about the Tenth of June, and depart the latter End of August.

5

State of Defence of the Plantations.] As to the Security of his Majesty's Plantations, we did, on the 10th and 25th of January 1700-1 humbly lay before his Majesty the State of the several Forts, and Fortifications in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in , and of

other Particulars necessary for the Defence of the same; and thereupon, for his Majesty's further Information, did, by his Majesty's Command, write to the several Governors, directing them to dispatch to us, with all Diligence, perfect Accounts of the State of Defence of the Plantations under their Government, and of the Stores and Materials of War there wanting, that we might report to his Majesty what might be required from the several Plantations, and 'what may be fit for his Majesty to do for their Defence: And, having thereupon received Answers from several Governors, and further considered the Condition of those Parts, with relation to the present Conjuncture, we have lately represented the same to his Majesty; and do humbly lay before this Honourable House,

That Newfoundland is of great Importance to this Kingdom, by reason of its Trade and Fishery: That the Place of chief Strength in it is John's Harbour', whidi is now fortifying by his Majesty's Order; the Garison

there,

13 W. III. 5 0 Februarii.727

there, by the Establishment, consisting of Eighty private of greater Force than those at present in that Station, Improvement Soldiers, besides Officers: may be sent, for the better Guarding and Securing of °* 1 rade

That we have been informed, from Captain Richards, the Coast, in case of War. die Engineer, That great Quantities of Materials were To which Colonel Romer adds, That the People there wanting from hence, for finishing the Forts; and that he are unfit for any military Servicfe, and stand in great need, had engaged several Masters of Ships to bring each of of a good Commander, with other subordinate Officers, them such Proportions in Ballast, at their next Return and One hundred and Fifty Men, for the Defence of the thither, as conveniently they might; of which we have new Fortification: That they want Fifty Cannon, of given Notice to the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance; and Twenty-four Pound to Eighteen Pound Ball, Two Mor-are transacting with the Merchants and Owners of Ships, tars, Granadoes, and Bullets, in a reasonable Proportion, what in us lies, for the Furtherance of this Service: Four Thousand Hand Granadoes with their Fuzes, Six

That, on the Continent, his Majesty has a Dominion of hundred Fire Arms, Four hundred Heads for Half-pikes, a very large Extent, which, at present, requires a more Two Master Gunners, and One Bombardier; the said Co-especial Care: lonel Romer informing us, that Four French Ships were

That, as to the most Northern Parts, Colonel Romer, lately arrived in with a new Governor, and Six the Engineer, sent thither by his Majesty, having surveyed hundred Men; which gave great Apprehensions to his all the Coast from St. George's River to Boston, and sent Majesty's Subjects in the Massachusetts Bay. us Draughts of the several Bays and Harbours, with the Whereupon we have humbly represented, That his Condition of several Places on that Coast, which are Majesty would be pleased to send thither some Cannon, thought necessary to be fortified; we thereupon offer the and such a Quantity of small Arms demanded, as his Ma-following Account; viz. jesty should think fit; as also to constitute, and immedi-

That, about Five Leagues to the Westward of St.ately send thither, a.1Governor, and Lieutenant Governor,

George's, lies Pemaquid, a spacious River of great Con- fit and proper to assert his Majesty's Authority in those sequence, as covering Three other Rivers; at the Entrance Parts; and also well qualified to compose the Factions of which River, within Two Leagues of the main Sea, that have divided the Inhabitants thereof; and that such formerly stood a Fort, which, in the late War, at the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, should strictly admo-Approach of Two French Men of War, with an Hundred nish and require the Inhabitants to exert themselves, as Soldiers, and Five hundred Indians, was surrendered by a well in fortifying those Parts, as in providing what may be Garison appointed by the People of New-England, and necessary, in all respects, for their further Defence, demolished by the said French and Indians. That Connecticut, being likewise a Frontier Province to

That, for the Security of this Fort and Harbour, and the French, and the Inhabitants having been negligent of of all that Country, and to encourage the People to settle their own Security, we humbly offered, That his Majesty there as formerly, Colonel Romer advises, that a good would be pleased to direct them to make due Prepara-Fort be built in the same Place, or thereabouts; and, for tions against an Attack; and to be ready to assist their its better Defence, in case of an Attack from the Sea, that Neighbours of New York, and New England: a Battery be raised at the next Point of Land, and a Re- That, in the Province of New York, which is esteemed doubt, or round Tower, on St.John's Island: as the C'entre of his Majesty's Plantations on the Conti-

That Piscataxtay is a River of great Importance to nent, there is a Fort for the Security of that City and

Trade, and the Security of that Country; beinji the Harbour, which is in a tolerable good Condition; From Boundary between the Province of Main and Nrw Hamp- thence, One hundred and Forty Miles up Hudsons River, shire; and, on Great Island, so called, at the Mouth of is the Town and Fort of Albany, and, about Twenty this River, is a Fort of Thirty Guns, on Nezo Hampshire Miles further, on another River, lies Schenectady, both Side, but incapable of defending the River; the Place which are of great Consequence towards the Security of where the said Fort stands being very proper for building those Parts; and do therefore require an Assistance of a new Fort, such as the growing Trade of that Place and Money to be sent thither, for the necessary Repairs, and Country requires, Colonel Romer has sent a Design there- adding w hat further Works may be wanting, of; and adds, That a strong Tower on the Point of In the Onondage Country, a Fort was proposed, by the s Fryer's Island, a Battery on Wood Island, and another late Earl of Bellomtmt, towards the securing the Five Na-Battery on Clark's Island, would be very necessary: tions of in their Allegiance to his Majesty; for

That the Massachusets Bay has in it many Islands; the which Provision is already made, by his Majesty's Gift of chiefest whereof is Castle Island, not far from Boston;Five hundred Pounds, and a Contribution of Fifteen hun-upon which is a Fort, for securing the Passages and dred Pounds by the Assembly of New York; though, up-Chanelsof the Bay: on the more pressing Necessity of repairing the Forts at

That, by a Memorial and Two Addresses, presented to Albany and Schenectady, we have given our Advice, that his Majesty from the Council and Assembly of that Pro- some Part of the said Fifteen hundred Pounds should be vince, they represent their Unwillingness to comply with made use of towards that Service: what has been required from them for their own Defence, And whereas this Province has been at great Charge, and towards the Building of Forts in the neighbouring for its own Defence, during the late War; and is unable to Province of New Hampshire, as well as with the Quota sustain the Continuance of such a Charge, without some of Three hundred and Fifty Men, directed to be furnished Help, his Majesty has been pleased further to assist them, by them, in case of Necessity, for the Security of the upon several Occasions, with Stores of War; and lately,

Frontiers of New York; alleging, for Excuse, the Charge upon sending of the Lord Combury thither, with a consi-they have been at in building a small Fortification at Casco derable Quantity of Ammunition: But, as for the Con-Bay, Fifty Miles to the Eastward; and their being now tributions which we did propose to his Majesty, as fit to actually at Work in raising Fortifications on Castle Island, be made by other Plantations on that Continent, and, in in the Harbour of Boston; which they esteem, to be the order to which, his Majesty has been pleased to send Let-Place of the greatest Consequence; and representing ters to the respective Governors and Proprietors, the said withal, That the Fort at Pimaquid, which they were re- Plantations have generally declined it, without giving any quired to build, would be useless to them, as well as too substantial Reason for the same: And, in Consideration chargeable; which Place, nevertheless, being within their thereof, we have again humbly offered, That his Ma-Territories, is generally esteemed of great Security to jesty's Orders be renewed to those Plantations, in the most those Eastern Parts, bordering upon the French. pressing Terms, That they do comply with his Direc-

They further humbly signity their Desire, That his tions therein, as a Matter of common Benefit and Se- Majesty would be graciously pleased to assist them with curity.

Cannon, small Arms, and other Stores of War, for the The Provinces of are without

Fortifications there; as also, That some Ships of War, any Foils, or Places of Defence; and being Properties,

Vol. IS. where

7^8 j0 Febrtiar A.iqoi.

Improvement where no regular Government hath ever been established, of Trade. the great Disorders amongst them have now inclined the Proprietors to make Application to his Majesty, to accept of a Surrender of their pretended Right to Government, and to put them under a Governor appointed by his Majesty's immediate Commission; which Matter is now transacting, and a Form of Surrender returned from his Majesty's Attorney General, which the said Proprietors are to execute.

The Province of Pensilvania is likewise without Fortifications, and in no State of Defence; nor has any Progress been made therein by the Proprietor, notwithstanding our Instance to him on that Subject, by Order of the Ixirds Justices.

His Majesty's Provinces of Maryland and be-

ing large Territories, and lying open by great Rivers, cannot so well be secured by Foitifications; but in both those Provinces, there is a well-regulated Militia, and Places of Rendezvous appointed for any Occasion: But we understand, that, at present, they are in want of a Supply of Small Arms and Ammunition.

The Provinces of North and South Carolina are under Proprietors, who do not take due Care to put that Country into a State of Defence, notwithstanding their being so exposed by the Neighbourhood of the Spaniards: We therefore have judged it necessary to the publick Service, that the said Proprietors be quickened, by an immediate Order from his Majesty, to perform their Duty herein, until some other Provision be made.

The Bahama Islands lying before the Gulph of and in the Way of all Ships that come from the Havanna, and the Bay of Mexico, it is of great Consequence to his Majesty's Service, that they be preserved from an Enemy. They belong to Proprietors, who ought to take care of them; but we have not been able to dispose those Proprietors to such Compliance, as was proper for his Majesty's Service therein. The Governor has lately desired some Force to keep the Fort there, built for Thirty-two Guns; which being of immediate Concern to the Proprietors, it is necessary that they be obliged to take some speedy Care therein.

In the Bermuda Islands there are Five little Castles; Three of which, lying at the Entrance of the easiest Passages to those Islands, are most considerable; where many of the Platforms being decayed, the Guns unserviceable, and Stores and Ammunicition wanting, a Supply of such Stores have, upon our Representation to his Majesty, been lately sent. Captain B, his Majesty's Commander in Chief in those Islands, has prevailed with the Assembly to pass an Act for repairing their Forts and Platforms; and has caused Trenches to be cast up in all Places where an Enemy may most probably attempt to land; so that, we hope, thereby, and the Company of Foot, which his Majesty has likewise sent thither, that Government is now iu a good State of Defence.

As to Jamaica, we laid before his Majesty, in our Report of the 25th of January 1700-1, the Importance of that Island, with Draughts and Plans of the necessary Fortifications, and several Considerations and Proposals relating to the Defence of each Part thereof; and his Majesty has since been pleased to commissionate Brigadier Selwyn to be Chief Governor there: Upon which Occasion, his Majesty sent thither Two Regiments of Foot, with Stores and Ammunition, for the Defence of the said Island; and, upon the Arrival of Colonel Selwyn there, w e expect to hear from him what Reinforcement of Men, and other Materials and Requisites of War, will be further wanting for the Security of that Island, and putting it into a Posture of offending an Enemy from thence; this Island lying, as it were, in the Centre of the Spanish Indies, and of the French Settlements.

Sir Williatn Beeston, his Majesty's late Governor of that Place, gives us an Account, That he had yet no News of his Majesty's Squadron, under the Command of Vice Admiral Bembow; but that he was credibly informed, That, about the Twentieth of September, Twenty-six Sail

were seen to Windward of Martinico, and the People of Jamaica supposed them to be French; which had engaged him to the putting the Island into as good a Posture of Defence as he could: That he has finished several small Works near Port-Royal, and caused the Bays, where most probably an Enemy may land, to be intrenched; he has further, by the Resolution of a Council of War, fortified the Town of St. Jago with a good Trench, regular Works, and Bastions; having Five hundred Negroes daily on those Works, at the Expence of the Island.

As to the Leeward Islands, at St. Christopher's, there is a Fort, called Cleoerly-Point Fort, where Twenty Gun9 are mounted; Brimstone-Hill Fort, where there areTwelve Guns, and a small Platform, where is Six Guns: There being also Thirty Pieces of Cannon brought out of the French Part of this Island during the late War, Colonel Codrington has given Directions for the mounting and placing them, with all Speed; which being done, he conceives, that there is not Occasion, at present, for more Artillery there; nor does he specify any further Want of Materials relating to the Defence of that Island; but represents the Danger of it to be greater than any other, by reason of the French being possessed of One Half, and the Fate of it likely to be decided upon the breaking out of a War, as hath formerly happened.

At Antegoaare several little Forts and Platforms. The

Governor proposes the sending of Twenty long Sakers, which may serve as well against the Indians as any other Enemy; as likewise, the building a small Fort at Parham, for which he desires Twelve Guns. He would also make a new Platform in another Place, where Privateers, in time of War, and unlawful Traders, in time of Peace, are very busy. He further adds, the great Want of Small Arms in this Island.

At Nevis, Colonel Codrington represents the Want of new Carriages for the Guns; and desires, further, Four long Sakers, Six Guns Twelve Pounders, and Six Eighteen Pounders, with a sufficient Quantity of Shot for them, and Five hundred Saker Shot for the Guns already in the Fort and Platforms, together with Twenty Barrels of Cannon Powder; his Majesty having been lately pleased to order Six hundred Firelocks to be sent to this Island, for as many Matchlocks returned from thence.

As to Mountsei'rat, the Governor represents the Island as able to defend itself; but fears a Danger from within, by an Insurrection, as happened upon breaking out of the last War; most of the Inhabitants of that Place being Papists.

His Majesty has, in these Islands, a Regiment of Foot, lately sent from Ireland; which wants to be strengthened, being of the lowest Complement.

The Island of Barbadoes, to the Windward, is naturally fortified by Rocks; and, for Defence of the Leeward Side, which is most exposed to an Enemy, there is now a Trench of Seven Feet broad, and Five Feet deep, all along the Coast; and, behind that, a Breast-work of loose Sand, about Six Feet high, and Three Feet broad at the Top: There are also, on that Side, several Redoubts; and at Bridge-Town, Two Forts, one at the Entrance of the Road, and the other within; which are the Defence of that Town and Road.

We have received from the Lord Grey, since his Arrival, a Memorial of what may be necessary for the Defence of this Island: That, upon a strict Survey of the State of the Fortifications, made by himself, and Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, he found, in Twenty-nine Forts and Batteries, Three hundred and Eight Guns of several Sorts; viz. Two Demi Cannon, Seventy-five Culverins, One hundred and Eight Demi Culverins, One hundred and One Sakers, and Twenty-two Minions; several of which were unserviceable: That most of the Forts and Batteries were out of Repair; his Lordship offering his Opinion, upon Consultation with the most experienced Inhabitants of the Island, That there be sent thither, at least One hundred great Guns, of Twelve Feet long, together with a suitable Proportion of Shot,

and

13 W. III. 5° Februarii. 729

and all other Ordnance Stores needful for them. He further says. That there is a Want of Small Arms and Shot.

Upon which Occasion, we humbly take Leave to inform this Honourable House, That the Inhabitants of this Island have, at all times, built their own Forts, and kept them in Repair at their own Expence; and have furnished themselves, for the most part, with Small Arms; but, at present they complain of their being deprived of the Revenue of 41 per Centum, raised within that Island for their Fortifications, and other publick Uses; and of their being weakened by the great Expence they were at in assisting the Leeward Islands, during the late War; for which they desire a Compensation: But, as to such a Number of great Guns, as may be proper, with a due Proportion of Shot and Ammunition, as by them desired, we humbly conceive, they must be sent from England.

The Company of Merchants trading to Hudson's Bay, having a Factory in those Parts, represent, That they can no way be safe, unless some Care be taken by his Majesty of their Security, which they have particularized to us.

Cautions, given them herein, have not met with due Com- improve-pliance, several Governors and Lieutenant Governors, not ment of qualified according to the late Act of Parliament, having Trade-been appointed by those Proprietors, even since the last Session of Parliament, we cannot but continue in the same Opinion, that it may be very expedient, for the Ends above mentioned, and particularly for the mutual Defence of the Plantations, that the' Charters of the several Proprietors and others, be, by the Legislative Power of this Kingdom, reassumed to the Crown; and that these Colonies be put into the same State of Dependency as other his Majesty's Plantations, without Prejudice to any Man's Property or Freehold; which, as it will greatly contribute to the Welfare of his Majesty's Subjects in those Parts, and to the Advantage of this Kingdom, is hereby humbly recommended to the Consideration of this Honourable House; together with the several other Particulars before enumerated; as most effectually tending to the Security of his Majesty's Plantations, and the Encouragement of Trade.

Names of the present Governors of his Majesty's Plantations in America.

Which Demands, made by the several Colonies and Plantations before-mentioned, we conceive to be chiefly in View of a present Defence: But, in case of a War, we arc humbly of Opinion, That a greater Quantity of Stores, and Materials of War, will be wanting; and that, in the principal and most considerable of those Plantations, it will be necessary, that there be Magazines of Ordnance Stores, of all Kinds, as well for the Defence of each respective Place, and of the Colonies adjoining, as for an-noving the Enemy; who will be very watchful and active, in this Conjuncture, to take Advantage against any of his Majesty's Plantations, which are of so great Importance to the Trade and Welfare of England.

We are also humbly of Opinion, That there be a like Provision there of Naval Stores, and Credit for his Majesty's Ships of War; which have often lain very long useless in Harbour in those Parts, by reason of their Want of Necessaries for refitting; which has been of great Prejudice to his Majesty's Service; the Safety of his Majesty's Dominions in America depending chiefly on the naval Force to be sent thither at proper Seasons, which may secure that Trade, and encourage the Planters, who will otherw ise be apt to desert their Settlements.

New Hampshire

Massachusetts Bay New York Maryland

fJVm.Partridge, Esquire, 1 Lieutenant Governor.

/ Joseph Dudley, Esquire, Governor.

- Lord Combury, Governor. ^Nath. Blakiston Esquire,

Governor.

Nicholson Esquire, Governor.

rigadier Selwyn, Governor.

Codrington Esquire, { Governor.

Crow Esquire, Governor.

_ [Benj. Bennet Esquire, Lieu-\ tenant Governor.

There are several Governors and Lieutenant Governors within the Propriety and Charter Governments, whose Names are not herein inserted, because they are appointed and changed at Will, by the Proprietors and Corporations, without his Majesty's Knowledge, although re-_ . _ _ , . , quired by the late Act for preventing Frauds, and regu-

Propriety Governments.] And as it appears by what lating Abuses, in Plantation Trade, we have before represented: I hat the Propriety Co-

Firginia

Jamaica -Leeward Islands Barbadoes Bermuda -

ionics are in a State wholly defenceless; and that the Proprietors and Charter Governments have not complied with what has been demanded of them, in reference to Trade, or with what may be necessary for the common Safety: That they have not conformed themselves to the Acts of Parliament, for the regulating Trade and Navigation; several of the Governors, nominated to such Propriety Governments, not having applied themselves to his Majesty, for his Approbation, nor taken the Oaths required by the Acts of Trade: That they have made JT Suppl^nted^tolis Majesty, the~Reso

All which is most humbly submitted.

Stamford, Ph. Meadowes,

JVm. Blathwait, Jo.

Mat. Prior.

Ordered, That the said Answer do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider

Laws contrary and repugnant to the Laws of England, and directly prejudicial to Trade: That by raising and lowering their Coin, to their particular Advantage, and to the Prejudice of other Colonies, by exempting their Inhabitants from Duties and Customs, to which the other Colonies are subject, by harbouring Servants and Fugitives, and thereby encouraging the Desertion of his Majesty's Standing Forces in those Parts, these Governments tend greatly to the undermining the Trade of the other Plantations: That these independent Colonies do turn the Course of Trade, to the promoting and propagating Woollen Manufactures, proper to England, instead of applying their Endeavours to the Production of such Commodities as are fit to be encouraged in those Parts:

lutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be allowed for Ammunition, and Supplying and Fitting out of the Train of Artillery, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Officers, and Attendance, belonging to the said Train.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

To redress which, and divers other great Abuses in That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, be those Colonies, and to introduce such an Administration of allowed for Horses and Waggons for the said Train. Justice, as might be duly subservient and useful to England, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

we have formerly humbly offered our Opinion thereupon That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be alto this Honourable House, and, in Consideration that the lowed for Contingencies for the said Train.

Vol. 13. 8 Z Resolvedt

730

5* — 6° Fe

A.

1701

Ordnapce

Stores.

Attainting the Pretender.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Two Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second time, hundred Seventy-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Re, That the Bill be committed.

Nine-pence, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Office of Re, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Ordnance, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred of the whole House.

and Two. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Commit-That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Seven hundred tee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pounds, be allowed for suppling the Stores of the said Office with Two. hundred Tons of Saltpetre. A Petition of the Provost and Corporation of Mo- Moneyere

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second neyers, was presented to the House, and read; setting Company, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, forth, That the Petitioners are obliged to make good all agreed unto by the House. Gold and Silver committed to their Charge; and, upon any Expedition of Coinage, are forced to take Fifty, an Ordered, That the Officers of Ordnance do lay before Hundred, or more, strange Men, as Servants and Labour-this House an Abstract of all Stores, as they stood upon ers, to dispatch the Business of the Mint; who often have the last Account, in all the Storehouses under their robbed the Petitioners of great Sums of Money; who have Direction. been convicted thereof; but then have the Benefit of the

Clergy: And praying, That for preventing such Robberies,

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up and deterring their Servants from the same, those Crimes Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for may be made Felony without the Benefit of Clergy, disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Lords, to Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Bill for the Attainder of the pretended Prince oilVales be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Publication of Libels,

of High Treason, do sit Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That William Fuller was brought, according to the Order of Yesterday;

He was called in; and the Letter, by him wrote to Mr. Speaker Yesterday, was read; and he was asked

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty Westminster of the City of Westminster, Tower Hamlets, Borough of Small Debt*. Southwark, Hoi borne and Finsbury Division, and all other Places within the Bills of Mortality, exempt of the City of London, and Liberties thereof, was presented to

several Questions by the House; and heard what he had the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Places

do very much abound with poor Tradesmen and Labourers; who are daily arrested, and held to special Bail, for small Debts, under Forty Shillings; whereby many are ruined, the Gaols crouded, and whole Families at once thrown upon the Parish; which may be prevented, by establishing a Court of Conscience for those Places, as it is for London, Bristol, &c.: And praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Establishment of thousand Six hundred and Ninety-one, and the Punish- Courts of Request, or Conscience, in the Places and Li-ment he suffered by Judgment of Law, has again repeated berties aforesaid.

to offer to the House.

And then withdrew.

And the Resolution of the House of Commons, the 24th of February idqi, concerning him, was read: And afterwards, the House came to this Resolution:

A Person Resolved, Nemine conThat William Fuller, ordered to be taking no Warning by the just Censure received from the prosecuted. House of Commons, the Twenty-fourth of February One

his evil Practices, by several false Accusations, in divers scandalous Pamphlets, by him published; and, having undertaken to produce Thomas Jones Esquire, and John Englesfield Gentleman, to make good the said Accusations, and not performing the same, this House doth declare the said William Fuller to be a Cheat, a false Accuser, and an incorrigible Rogue

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lake, and Sir Rowland Gwyn do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of William Coe, in the Custody of the Ser- privilege — jeaut at Arms attending this House, for being guilty of a Person

Security of King s Person and Succession.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prosecute Bribery, and corrupt Practices, in endeavouring to pro- Pet;‘lons for

.. ----- — ..... — r cure a gurgess to be elected for this present Parliament aiscnar8e>

for the Borough of Malden, was presented to the House, and read; begging Pardon for his said Offence: And praying to be discharged ef his said Confinement.

Ordered, That the said William Coe be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

the said William Fuller for his said Offences.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the Pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Hedges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Hedges reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee ap- Attaint-pointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Confer- the Pre. ence with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments, tender, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of die pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table': Where the same were read; and,

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday ,fn Amendment, agreed unto by the House; and are Morning next. as follow;

Counterfeiting Coin.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABILL for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and N int'n Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better 4

as follow

That the Commons cannot agree to the Amendments, made by your Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, -An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of

High Treason; believing it may be of dangerous Consequence to attaint Persons by an Amendment only; in which Case, such due Consideration cannot be had, as the Nature of an Attainder does require.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments. desired with

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do go to the Lords, Lords-and desire the said Conference.

The

Frit1#-

pr'$MS

t

t.».

Arc?

Ltd*

J«tc, I *k»t

v-

13 W. III.

6° — 70 Februarii.

Quakers

Affirmation.

731

The Lord Cheine reported from the Committee, to whom Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, 'lhat the Supply granted to his Majesty, the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

called Quakers shall be accepted, instead ot an Oath in Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee,

the usual Form, was committed, That they had made an. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and they were informed there was a Report to be made of the afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 1 able; Where the Message sent to the Lords for a Conference, same w as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Privilege — Person* pttitinu k for l)is« charge.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, that he had, according to Attainting their Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments. matte by the Lords, to the Bill, intit led, An Act for the A'toin-der of the pretended Prince oi M ales High Treason;

Ditto.

Array Ai rears.

A Petition of Edmund Sansum, Edward Brown, John Wayte, and Joseph Hancock, in Custody of the Serjeant at The Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint die Arms attending this House, for preferring to this House same presently in the Painted Chamber, a scandalous, false and vexatious Petition, touching the

Half pay.

Election for the Borough of in the County of

/Fills, was presented to the House, and read: Praying, That they may have their Liberty, and have Leave to repair to their Families and Employments.

Ordered, That the said Edmund Sansum, Edward , Brown, John M'ayte, and Joseph Hancock, be brought to

the liar of this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Half-pay Officers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the ! Vtitioners have not been paid their Half-pay sine: the Fi^hfeenth of August last, though it is chiefly thei; , Support: And praying, that their Half-pay may be pain and continued from the said Eighteenth of August, till they shall be provided for.

Ordered, That the Consideration o the said Pet, lion be referred to the Committee of the whole Ho . e, a I.., are to consider further of the Supply, granceu 10 his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Disposition of the Forty-one thousand Pounds provided lor the Half-pay Officers the last Year.

A Petition of several Officers of the Army, in behalf of themselves and others, who have Arrears of pay due to them, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are subject to many pressing Debts, which they contracted during the late War, for the Support of themselves and Families; w'hich they are utterly unable to pay, unless they receive the Arrears due to them for their Service: That some of the Petitioners have received Debentures upon the Irish Forfeitures; and the rest have no other expectation, when the Accounts of their Arrears shall lie settled; and that those Debentures cannot be disposed of but at an extraordinary Loss, by Reason they hear no Interest: And praying, That such Interest

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Supply. Conference, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to Conference draw up Reasons, to be offered at the said Conference, Lord*, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned:

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference; and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Supply, again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

7° Februarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETIT! ON of the Hoymen, Freeholders, and Masters of Farmers, of the Counties of Kent and Essex, was Hoy* carry-presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thating ^rovi'

# # ... That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do may be allowed them, as shall be thought fit, upon their examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same, with Debentures; that they may have some Proportion in Va- their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Robert

sions.

lue to their Arrears, and thereby be enabled to pay their Debts, and put themselves into a Condition to serve their King and Country in the approaching War.

And -1 Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House divided.

7 he Y eas go forth.

Tellers for the T«$j!' - } 108.

Tellers for the Noes.^- So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

81.

Justice* of Peace Qualification,

Supply.

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Owen, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jo. ington, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Manley, Major General Erie, Mr. Williams, Colonel Lee, Colonel Crawford,

Mr. Barrell, Mr. Bromley, Sir Cha. Barington, Sir Sam Barnardiston, Sir Win. Phippard, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Paice, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Mr. King, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Blisse; and all that serve for Kent, Essex, London, Middlesex, Surry, Norfolk, Suffolk; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for rebuilding and St. Paul'* finishing the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, Cathedral,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred, One-third

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for qualifying Justices of Peace: And that Sir John Bolles, and Mr. Vaughan, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That they do also provide, in the said Bill, Part of the Revenue for building the said Church is ap-for the Qualifying Deputy Lieutenants. propriated to pay the Orphans Debt; and so considerable

Parts of the Remainder are also appropriated to Westmin-The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ster ,the Parochial Churches of London, and St.

V oj» 13. Thomas'

732

7* Febrtiarii. 1701.

Thomas' Hospital; which, with the Debts due for the same, so greatly sinks the Revenue, that very little Progress can be made in the said Building, unless an additional Supply be granted; which if given, the Petitioners, with good Reason, hope the said Cathedral may be finished in Five Years time: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Punishing A Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers that shall Mutiny and mutiny or desert in England or Ireland was, according estr ion. QrC|er> rea(j a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more effectual Punishment of Seamen in actual Service and Pay, for Crimes committed when they are on Shore.

Clandestine petition of divers Merchants, Linen-drapers, and

rom°FranceS °^,ers> trading in the Linen Manufactures, in the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of divers Persons importing, in a clandestine Way, many Parcels of Linen, and other Goods, from France, without paying Customs, they sell them at much cheaper Rates than the fair-dealing Merchant can do, by at least 20 per Centum: And praying, That an Act may pass for the total Prohibition of Linen, and all other Manufactures of France, as the French have done of all English Manufactures; or to prevent the Importation of them in a clandestine Way.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing all clandestine Importation of Goods from France, and other Places: And that Sir William Ashurst, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Rowland Gxcyn, Sir Echo. Seymour, Mr. Papyllon, Mr. Moor, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Derby Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Petition

County of the Marquis of Hartington, touching the Election for Election. the County of Derby.

Supply. Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Providing for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Officers^ Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to provide leers' for the Officers upon Half-pay, in the First place, in the Recruits and Levies now to be made.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Privilege — William Coe was, according to Order, brought to the A Person re- j]ar; Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand Ki". from Mr. Speaker.

charged. Ordered, That the said William Coe be discharged out

of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Speaker communicates a Letter.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, since he took the Chair, received a Letter from Mr. Tho. Cole-peper; which he desired might be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Letter be read.

And the Letter was read accordingly.

Motion for A Motion being made, That the House will appoint considering a Day to take into Consideration the Rights and Privileges nd Prm* House Commons;

leges ofth* And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

House.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until after the Report touching the Election for the Borough of Maid-stone be taken.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order,.reported, from Maidstone

the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Mat- Election, ter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

U pon the Petition of Thomas Colepeper Esquire complaining of an undue Election of Tho. Blisse Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Maidstone.

That, upon the Poll, there were,

For Mr. Blisse - 339.

For Mr. Colepeper - - 337.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freemen not receiving Alms or Charities.

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That they should take off Eight from the Sitting Member's Poll, as Almsmen.

And it appeared, by the Evidence of Rob.

Thomas Sabb, and Rob. Jeffries, that Cornelius Pollard and John Woodgate received Relief of the Parish.

That it was testified by Sabb, That Peter Clupper had likewise received Half a Crown weekly ever since Easter; but is Beadle; and Sabb could not say whether he received it as Beadle, or as a same Man: And that the other Two Beadles have Half a Crown a Week; and Clepper has no other Pay as Beadle:

That it was testified also by Barwick and Sabb, That William Downes had weekly Relief out of the Extraordinaries; which has been paid him since Christmas: And that Henry Robinson lives in a Town Alms-house, being allowed only House-rent: That John Woodjeild, John Banks, and George Jeffreys, live in some Alms-houses given by Sir John Banks; and Jeffries received Relief last Year, before he went into that House, but does not receive any now: And that Woocffield is a Smith, and does exercise his Trade.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also insisted, That there had been several ill Practices used by the Sitting Member: And they called several Witnesses:

Ithanah Wright: Who said, That John was brought to poll by Finch's Man: And Wright asking Woodfield why he would vote contrary to his Inclinations; Woodfield said, He had Orders to be for Mr.

Blisse, or otherwise he would have been for Mr. Colepeper.

Rich. Ravenhill said, That, on the Fourteenth of November, he was at Marshall's, who keeps the Crown and Scepter in Maidstone: And Mr. Blisse came, and drank:

And, going away, Mr. Blisse desired to pay his Reckoning, and pulled out a Guinea: Which the Landlord took up, and told the Scores: And then said, There was 16 to pay, and 5 s.6d. to come in; which they drank, and afterwards spent their Two-pence apiece: He said, He believed there were Half a Score present, whereof he named Four that voted for Mr. Blisse; but himself voted for Mr. Colepeper; and he could not say, that Mr.

Blisse did ask any of them for their Votes: He said, at the same time, Mr. Blisse gave his Wife 10s. for her Brother, to pay an old Debt

Rob. Jeffryes acknowledged, That he had received the said 10 s. of his Sister, which was for an old Debt, which Mr. Blisse had owed him Ten Years, and formerly had denied to pay: The said Jeffries also said, He was present at the Time spoken of by Ravenhill; and that there were several drinking, at Marshall's House, Drink, and Mr. Blisse'sHealth: And that Mr. Blisse, before he went

away, put his Hand into his Pocket, and put something into Marshall's Hand, which, Marshall afterwards told him, was a Guinea.

Samuel Webb said, That he kept the Three Conyes: And that Captain Blisse come to his House on the Fifteenth of

November,

r3 W. III. 7° Febru 733

November, and brought one George with him;

and called for a Mug of Ale, and drank, with some others: That Mr. B/isse asked the said /Febb for his Vote: But Webb said, lie would not promise; whereupon the Captain threw down 5$. and went away: said, All

the Company, hut himself, voted for Mr.; but the said !i'ebb voted for Mr. Co

Robert Collins, Chr. Dawsaid, They were at the Anchor and Hope, the Fourteenth of November, with Five others, the best Part of an Hour; and that Mr. when he went away, put his Hand in his Pocket, and threw down Two Half-crowns, which the Landlord took up: And Mr. B/issesaid, He did not ask them for their Votes, but hoped they would stand by him: That one of the Persons worked in Mr. B/isse's Hop Garden: That they did not pay for the Drink themselves, nor see any body else pay any tiling; and that Five of the Company voted for Mr. B/ysse.

7'ho. Hodges said. That he was at the Head, on the Fifteenth of November, with some of his Neighbours; and Mr. Blissccame in, and said, He hoped there were

none there but Friends: That Mr. B/isse threw down something: And the Master said, The Reckoning was paid; but, w hat it was, he could not tell, whether more than Cd.: And Hodges said, He voted for Mr. Co/epeper.

John Poston said, I le voted for Sir Robert Alarsham, and Mr. Co/epeperand that he was with about Tw enty others,

the Saturday before the Election, at the Chequer, drinking Mr. B/yssc's Health; and they had Twenty Pots of Flip,

at the least: And he was also at the Three Tuns, after the Writs were out, and before the Flection, where they drank os much Beer and Brandy as they pleased, and nobody asked for any Money; but Mr. furnishes both

Houses: Poston said, Mr. B/isse was not present at any of those Two Meetings; neither was there any Talk of voting, nor did Mr. Bliss invite any body.

Joseph Ilill said, That one Johnson endeavoured to get Votes ior Mr. B/isse;and Johnson offered him a Bottle of

Wine, and said, If that would not do, he w ould give him 10$.: And that, the Day before the Election, there was, at the Chi qner, Beer, Brandy, Oysters, Bread and Cheese: That himself paid nothing; and Mr. B/isse threw down 1 s. and serves that House with Drink.

John White said, He was, at the time mentioned by

Post on, at the Three Tuns, where were about Twenty others, and he did see nobody pay; but Mr. B/isse was not present: That he voted for Mr. Co/epeper; for which Robert Hooker, the Master, w as angry with him, because he had drank at Mr. B/isse's Cost.

William Foreman said, That he was at the Green Dragon, w here w ere Two Freemen; and Captain B/isse came in, and desired the Man of the House his Vote; which he denied: And Mr. Blysse called for a Pot, and threw down 1 s. which they drank out.

George King said, That he was one of them that did eat at the Chapter, and nothing to pay; and that Mr. B/isse desired his Vote, and promised him his Work: And whispered him, and said, Moreover* lie would give him a Piece of Money.

Cong re 1/ said, He was at Pearce's House a Day or Two before the Election, and eat about Three Mouthfuls of Victuals: That lie voted for Mr. B/isse; and after the Election, Pearce gave him Two Shillings.

Roger Easton said, He was no Freeman; but, Four or Five Days before the Election, he was at House,

in the Kitchen, and there were about Half a Dozen of them, and they drank to the Value of 1 s.: That he saw Mr. Bliss give Rigdcnsomething, which, he believes, was

the Reckoning; and that himself paid nothing: That there were also about Twenty Freemen eating and drinking at the Windnull, for which they did not pay; and Mr. Bliss was there, and asked the Gentlemen, how they did; and said, They were welcome.

Samuel Coachman said, That, a Day or Two before the Election, himself, with some others, tb the Number of Ten or a Dozen, were at the Chequer, where they had Pork and Peas for Dinner, and what Beer they would drink; Vol. 13.

and that Mr. Vincent, the Landlord, who voted for Mr. Maidstone-B/isse, said. It was his Treat: He said, There was no Election. Discourse about Votes; and that himself voted for Mr.

Co/epeper.

Susan Fletcher said, That Mr. B/isse came to her, and desired her Husband's Vote; telling her, That her Husbands was a leading Vote; and, if they did not choose him, they had as good take a Rope, and hang him; and, if she bad Occasion for 5 or 10/. she should have it.

Tho. Mortimer said. That he was at the Boy the One-and-twentieth of November; and Mr. B/isse gave his Wife (id. to treat a Couple of Collar-makers; and desired him to make some of them People for him, but'he could not.

John Carcll said, That one sent for him to Marshal's, at the Chequer; where after a little while, one called him out, and desired him to be for Mr. B/isse; and told him,

He should not come into Mr. BlHouse: That, afterwards. Mr. B/isse desired his Vote; bat. did vote for Mr. Co/epeper.

Jthanah H right said, That, the Beginning of Novem-

ber, upon the Talk of the Dissolution of the last Parliament, Mr. B/isse understanding the said Wright had de-

clared his Interest, Mi-. B/isse told him, He had no Children, and should remember his Friends; arid, the said // right not complying with Mr. he told the said

Wright, he iniirlit have Cause to repent it.

'J hat, the Eighteenth or Nineteenth November, some Link-boys broke his Windows: And, on the Twenty November, between Eight and Nine a Clock, there was a great Tumult of about Twenty Persons got together, with a Trumpet and a Drum belbre them, who broke his Windows, and affrighted his Wife into Fits; and, amongst them, was one Moor, Mr. Blisses Head Brewer, and one

Mills, another of his Servants.

Mrs. KHz. Wattle said, She could say nothing as to the Election; hut said Mr. B/isse came to her, to desire her Interest: Upon which Mrs. Wattle told him, That the King did not like him, and had sent him Home; and she desired to please the King: And Mr. BlissC replied, A Usurper ! and, Kings would be arbitrary; and, He could not go out of his House, without being ready to tumble on a Cess Book: That she made Affidavit of this Matter; and a tumultuous Rabble, the same Day, broke open her Door, and broke her Windows.

The Committee examined into the Circumstances of this Matter: And she gave an Account, how she made Two Affidavits relating to it; the fatter being, to supply the Defect of Time, not mentioned in the First; but, it being not strictly to this Matter, I only mention it in general.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, That the Petitioner had more who received Alms, that voted for him, than there was of that Sort, who voted for the Sitting Member: That they would justify the Sitting Member in relation to the ill Practices charged upon him, and prove several ill Practices by the Petitioner: And called several Witnesses.

As to the Guinea given in Evidence to be spent at Marshal's House, the Chequer; the Sitting Member called,

John Marshal himself: Who said, That Mr. B/isse, upon Marshall's taking that House of Mr. B/isse about Three Quarters of a Year before, did promise to give him something for House-warming; which Promise he renewed several times: That, on the Thirteenth or Fourteenth of November, accordingly, he gave him a Guinea, which the said Marshall gave to his Wife: That, at the Time spoken of by the Petitioner's Witnesses, there were several others present, as well as Freemen and some of them went away without paying; and one said, He

would pay when he had Money: But the said Marshall denied that any Money was spent on the Account of the Election; and said, That Mr. B/issc told him, If he did draw any Drink on his Account, it would be as much as his Election was w orth.

9 A Alexander

Maidstone

Election.

734

7° Februarii. 1701.

Alexander Wallis, Thomas , said, That Mr.

about Midsummer last, did promise Marshall something

towards Housekeeping.

Tho. Mills said, That, at the Beginning of the Election, he was sent by Mr. Blisse to several Publick-houses in Maidstone, particularly to the Three Tuns, the

Ship, the Monk's-Head, the Crown, the Lion, the Plume of Feathers and Shears, to forbid them to treat upon his Account.

Tho. Moor also said. That, about a Week before the Election, he was sent, by Mr. Blisse, to several Publick-houses, to forbid Treating.

The next Thing the Sitting Member's Counsel applied themselves to, was, to disqualify some of the Petitioner's Voters.

Zac. Cvllison said, That John Farringdon received Alms t)f the Parish; and he had given William Corford Monies Four or Five times, blit not weekly; and the last Time was Half a Year since:

That James Howard received Half a Year ago, being in Prison; and not since he had his Liberty; but his Wife had received weekly the Year before:

That Benjamin Gregson was dumb; but it was acknowleged he did buy and sell:

And that John Baptist is a Foreigner; but it was acknowleged he followed the Trade of a Barber in Maidstone.

That the next Thing the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded on, was, a Charge of Bribery, by or on the behalf of the Petitioner: And called,

John Heley: Who said, That he came to London some time before the Election; and got the Names of about Ten Freemen, and returned to Maidstone, and acquainted Mr. Colcpeper with it: That, before the Election, he had Occasion to go to London again; and Mr. Colepeper bid him get those Freemen down, and use his own Means: That Mr. Colepeper also drew a Bill upon my Lord Colepeper for 40 I. which he desired the said Heley to bring dowrt with him; but he ignorantly gave to the said Ten Freemen in London from 1 o to 25 Shillings a Man, to bring them down: He said, He did desire their Votes for Mr. Colepeper; but Two or Three of them turned Cat-in-J>an, and voted for Mr. Blisse.

David Cops lick, one of those Freemen who lived in Southwark, said, He received of Heley Twenty-four or Twenty-five Shillings.

Oliver Simons, another of those Freemen, acknowleged, He received 20 s.of the said Heley, and voted for Mr. Colepeper, otherwise he would have voted for Mr. Blisse.

Richard Leder: That, on the Thirteenth Day of November, Mr. Colepeper laid down a Guinea, at the Castle in Maidstone, to be drank; and that the said Leder, and other Freemen, drank of it: He said, Mr. Colepeper desired their Votes; but he voted for Mr. Blisse.

William Ward said, That Mr. Colepeper, Four or Five Days before the Election, gave to Daniel Comber, 10 to bs spent amongst the Freemen; and he also gave 10#. to Henry Ward, upon the same Account.

Tho. Symonds said, That Mr. Colepeper, about Ten Days before the Election, gave him 5 to spend among the People: And that one Catlin told him, That Mr. Cole-

r gave him 20s. for his Vote: Symonds voted for Blisse.

George Ward said, That Mr. Thomas Colepeper, at several times, put into his Hands the Value of Two Guineas, to drink at several times; and told the said Ward,

If he would vote for him, the said Ward should get 20/. a Year by his Trade; and, if he was turned out of the House he then lived in, he should live in a House of Mr. Colepepers.

The next Head the Sitting Member's Counsel proceeded to, was, that of Libels and Reflections by the Petitioner.

William Wcrwsden produced a Letter, with a printed Paper in it, which, he said, was brought to his House by a Person unknown, and brought to him by his Man:

And Mr. Taylor said, The Letter was Mr. Thomas

Colepeper & Hand: And the said printed Paper was read; and is called; A Letter to the Freeholders and Freemen of England.

William Thacker said, That he was sent by Mr. Tlwmas Colepeper to Dr. Smith, for some Papers; and he brought away with him about Five Quires, and delivered the same to his MasterAnd, the next Day, several Freemen, that came to his Master, when they came from him, brought down Papers with them.

And, one of those Papers being produced, it appeared to be the same Paper with that received by Mr. Wowsden, in Mr. Colepepers Letter: And

William Thacker said further, That, upon Sunday the Sixteenth of November, Dr. Smith, Mr. Thomas Colepeper, Captain White, Captain Robinson, and Mr. Hamilton, dined at Sir Thomas Colepepers; and, amongst other Discourse one said, That Mr. Joh How had delivered an Address to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had received him with a particular Favour: Whereupon Dr. Smith said,

It was a devilish Lie, and the Party would say any thing; *' but they must outlye them.

He also gave an Account of some Discourse at Mr. Colepepers House, at Dinner, in relation to what Mr. Blisse had said to Mrs. Wattl; and how at first it was reported, that Mrs. Wattle would not stand to it: After* wards he heard she was willing to do any thing to sene Mr. Colepeper, but would not take away Mr. Blisse's Life: And that, they being talking about that Matter, one said.

If Mr. Blisse would have quitted his Interest, Mrs. Wattle would not have sworn to it: And Mr. Colepeper said. She would not: And the said Thacker gave an Account of several other Circumstances; which, not being directly to the Election, and difficult to be collected, I refer to the Memory of Gentlemen of the Committee, which was very well attended.

Tho. Swinnocksaid, That Mr. Francis Brook desired of

Dr. Smith, that he would be kind to his Neighbours:

And Dr. Smith said, That the tumultuous Proceedings at the Election were a great Matter in Mr. Petition; and they must make a Riot of it, or it would go against Mr. Colepeper in the House.

John Wylett said, That Thacker, when he served Sir Robert Guildford, pretended to be a Roman Catholick, and went not to Church.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Blisse Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Colepeper Esquire hath been guilty of corrupt, scandalous, and indirect Practices, in endeavouring to procure himself to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Blisse Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament few the Borough of Maidstone.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

A printed Libel, mentioned in the said Report, to be sent, in a Letter, by the said Mr. Colepeper, intituled,

" A Letter to the Freeholders and Freemen of England," was read:

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Second Resolution, byadding, after " Esquire,'these Words, " who was one of the Instruments in promoting " and presenting the scandalous, insolent, and seditious " Petition, commonly called the Kentish Petition, to the " last House of Commons:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Thomas Colepeper Esquire, who was one of the Instruments in promoting and presenting the scandalous, insolent, and

seditious

ij w. m.

7® — 90 Fe

735

And the House being acquainted, That the Copimittye, to whom the said Bill was committed, had gpne through the Bill; and desired it to be reported to the House;

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report shall be made.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, on behalf of them- Apothecary* selves, and other Inhabitant^ of the several Parishes in die Borough of Southward in the County of Surry, was office*.

Mr. Cole-peper committed to Newgate.

Rights and Pnvilegcs of the House.

seditious Petition, commonly called the Kentish Petition, to the last IJouse of Commons, hath been guilty of corrupt, scandalous, and indirect Practices, in endeavouring to procure himself to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone.

Resolved, That the aspersing the last House of Commons, or any Member thereof with receiving French

Money, or being in the Interest of France, w as a scandalous, villainous, and groundless Reflection, tending to Sedition, and to create a Misunderstanding between the presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King and his People. _ # # the Inhabitants of the said Borough are generally ppor

Resolved, That Thomas Oolepeper^ Esquire is guilty of Persons, and seafaring Men; so that the rest find, the promoting the said scandalous* villainous, and groundless serving of Parish Offices greatly prejudicial to them, and Reflection upon the said House of Commons. often come yearly to their Turns, especially within Seven

Ordered^I hat the said Thomas Colepeper Esquire be, Years last; occasioned by an Act of Parliament for ex-for his said Offence, committed to his Majesty s Gaol of empting Apothecaries from those Offices, who are more Ntwgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants able t,o pay the usual Fines of the Poor, than those who accordingly. are — exempted to pay; and yet the Apothecaries are

Ordered, That his Majesty s Attorney General do pro- endeavouring to get the said Act, which is near expiring, secute the said Tho. Colepeper Esquire for the said Crimes, revived: And praying. That the said Act may not be

continued; or that a Clause may be added, That the Apo-The House resumed the adjourned Debate touching the caries in the said Borough may pay the usual Fines, the appointing a Day to take into Consideration the when they shall be appointed to serve the said Offices, if Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons. they refuse to execute the same.

Resolved, That this House will appoint a Day to take Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, into Consideration the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, until the Report of the said Bill shall be. made, of the House of Commons.

Windsor

Deanery

Estate.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunct, 9* Februarii;

Anno 13® Willielow Tertii.

Prayers.

ABIL L for enabling the Dean and Canons of the King's free Chapel of George, within his Castle of JVivdsor, to take from his Majesty, in Exchange for divers Parcels of Land belonging to them, other Lands or Rents, of like Value, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Storehouse, Mr. Williams, Mr. Farrar, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Topham, Mr. Kingston, Lord CoMr. Proky, Mr. Jacob, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Richards, Lord Chenie, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Air.

Mitford, Mr. Birch, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Mr.

Haney, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Cos, Mr. Ajr.

A Petition of the Lady of the Manor, Afasters of Ships, whitby Mariners, Freeholders, and other Inhabitant?, of the an- Harbour, cient Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, and other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Piers of the said Port are almost ruined, and the Harbour choked up with Sands: That the Port is one of the principal Nurseries for Seamen and Fishermen on the Northern Coast, having One hundred and Twenty Sail belonging to it, of Three hundred and Twenty Tons Burden, and downwards; and is capable of holding above Five hundred Sail of Ships at once; and is so commo-diously situated, that Ships may sail out with any Wind that is fit to put to Sea, and come in with any Wind that causes q Storm there; but the said Town is unable to repair the said Piers: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in q Bill for the rebuilding and maintaining the said Piers in good Repair.

Ordered, That l^ave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Hustler, Sir John Bolles, and Mr. Nicholas, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of Portsmouth, Gos- Sick and port, Fareham, and other Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, am*n* and read; setting forth, That there is remaining due to

/ t - - > — ' n —

Mr. Gee, Mr. Tout her, Mr. Renda, Mr. J*elham, Mr. the Petitioners, and others thereabouts, for quartering sick

Harcourt, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hen. peachy, Air.

Mr. Jenens:And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Apothecaries txerupt from Parish Offices*

A Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants in the City of Lomlon, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to die House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of a late Act of Parliament for exempting Apothecaries from serving on Parish and Ward Offices, many Inhabitants have been forced to serve those Offices twice over, and others to serve them many Years sooner than they ought, Wages; and for the Punishment of idle and disorderly to their great Prejudice; which Act is near expiring: Servants: And the same was received.

and wounded Seamen, above 20,000l.; the Want of which disables them to pay their Debts, or to provide for such , as may be quartered on them hereafter: And praying,

That some Course may be taken for Payment of what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted *to his Majesty.

Sir Edward Hussey, presented to the House, according Servant*

to Order, a Bill for the easier Recovery of Servants

And praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Clause, to be added to the Bill depending in the House for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Perish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; that the said Bill may not extend to any Apothecaries inhabiting within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof.

V01. J3.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, presented Half-pay. to the House an Abstract of what has been paid to the Officers, for their Half-pay, from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred.

Which was read; and is as iolloweth;

Paid

BriHport

Harbour,

Sirk and wounded Seamen.

Assaying

Will*.

736

90 Februarii.

A. 1701.

Paid to the said Officers for their Half-pay, from the 30th of September] £. 1700, to the 24th of December following inclusive, pursuant to the Establishment, and Certificates from the Commissary General of the Musters -

. d. 9.25i 5 o

s. d.

Paid the said Officers, more, for their Half-pay, from the 25th of Decern-]

her 1700, to the 24th of June 1701 inclusive, per like Establishment, j 20,666 5 9

Certificates, See. ----- -- - _J

Paid the said Officers, more, for their Half-pay, from the 25th of June]

to the 18th of August 1701, inclusive, per like Establishment, Cer- > 5,973 1.0 11 tificates, &c. - - - - _ _J

35,891

Paid to the Four Companies of Invalids, for their Pay, from the 30th of September 1700,1

to the said 18th oi August 1701, inclusive - 5,1J4

1

3

8

4

Which exceeds the Sum given by Parliament for this Service, being 41,000l. od.

£. 41,005 5

Ranelagh.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, the greatest Part of their Trade, which chiefly consists of to be perused by the Members of the House. Plate bespoke to be wrought up in a short time, and they

cannot have it returned from York in less than a Fortnight's A Petition of the Bailiffs and capital Burgesses of the Time: And praying, That an Assay-master may be ap-Corporation of Brut port, in the County of Dorset, was pointed for assaying and marking wrought Plate in the

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Port has, by Experience, been found of great Benefit to the Western Parts of England, and all Seafaring Men; but, for some Years past, the Alteration of the Tides have so choked up the Mouth of the Harbour, and ruined the Piers, that several Ships, driven into the Bay, and many others in distress for want of good Harbour, there, have suffered Shipwreck; and the Petitioners cannot repair the same, though willing, for want of sufficient Powers to Undertakers, and fitting Encouragement for Persons who are willing to advance Money, for carrying on the Works: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for clearing, recovering, and repairing, the said Haven and Port; whereby it may be rendered useful and necessary, for the Encouragement of Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gulston and Mr. Pit/'cild do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

said Town of Newcastle.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, was committed: And that the Committee have Power to receive a Clause, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Assaying Common Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle *>late' upon line, was presented to the Mouse, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for appointing Assay-masters for Plate, all Plate is to be brought to the Place where such Assayer is appointed, to be by him assayed, and marked before sold, under a great Penalty; by reason whereof, the Corporation of Nexccastle, where no Assayer is appointed, may receive great Prejudice; but more especially the Goldsmiths and Silversmiths there, who

Urn

make, and vend, great Quantities of wrought Plate, in A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of respect of the Distance from the nearest Place, which is Rochester, in the County of Kent, on behalf of themselves, York, Sixty Miles from them, where an Assay-master is and many others, Inhabitants of the said City, and Places appointed: And praying, That an Assay-master may be adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting appointed for Assaying and Marking of wrought Plate in forth, That, during the late War, many sick and wound- the Town of

ed Seamen and Soldiers were quartered on the Petitioners; Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition for which Service there was due to them above Thirteen be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to thousand Pounds; a great Part whereof is still due; for whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth want of which they are greatly impoverished; and, if and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better pre-not speedily paid, will be utterly incapable of the like venting the counterfeiting the current Coin of this King-Service for the future: And praying, That a Sum of dona, was committed: And that the Committee have Money may be appropriated to discharge the Remainder Power to receive a Clause, according to the Prayer of of their said Arrears. the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Answer t# to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. Address having been presented to His Majesty, That lie Address.

would lie graciously pleased to prov ide for the Officers up

That the Petitioners are under very great Inconveniencies in the Management of their Trades, by reason of an Act. of Parliament, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for appointing Wardens and Assay-masters, for assaying wrought Plate, in the Cities of York, Exeter, Bristoll, Chester, and Norwich; by which the Petitioners are obliged to send their Plate to York, being

be pursued accordingly.

A Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt was insolvent read a Second time. Debtors.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sit John Mordant, Mr. Carter, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Blaake, Mr. Fleming, Sir Era. Mr.

Sixty Miles from Newcastle, or some of the other more ley, Mr. Sir Child, Sir Cha. Mr.

remote Places, to be assayed and marked as the said Act Curzon, Mr. Cjx, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Sir

directs; w hereby the Petitioners are in Danger of losing Gerv. Mr. Birch, Mr. Lowt/ier, Lord Fairfax,

Mr.

Irish

foricitures.

Ditto.

Counterfeiting Coiu.

Supply.

Committees.

Boscawen's

Nat.

Attainting the Pretender.

13 W. III. 90 — 1 o° Februarii. 737

Mr. Jacob, Mr. Cook, Mr. Lee, Mr. Burton, Mr. Offley, the Subject-matter of the last Conference upon the Bill,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Oicen, Mr. Proby, Mr. Farrev, Mr. intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended

Colchester, Sir Chr. JVren, Mr. King, Mr. Lorraine; and Prince of Walesof High Treason, all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Mer- And then the Messengers withdrew,

chants of the House; and all that come to have Voices: Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire, the Speakers Chamber. And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Petition of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; Conference, do manage the said Conference. pra\ing, That the Act for Sale of the forfeited Estates

in Ireland may be so explained, that all the Rectories Im- Or That Mr. Balch, Sir Francis Masham, Sir Bridges in propria te may be enjoyed for the Purposes in the said Act Edw. Hussey, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Richards, Mr. Marks, H,ghway»* mentioned, discharged of the Incumbrances thereupon. Sir Hen. Peachy, Sir Edw. Hasell, Mr. Mansell, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Gwynn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to to be considered w hen the Petitions, relating to the Irish explain the Act, made Two-and-twentieth Henry Eighth,

Forfeitures, are taken into Consideration. concerning the Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the

Highways, is committed.

A Petition of Fitz-Gerrald, relating to the Irish Forfeitures, was offered to the House; A Bill for the easier Recovery of Servants Wages; and Servant*

And the Question being put, That the Petition be for punishing idle and disorderly Servants; was, according Wage*, brought up; to Order, read the First time.

It passed in the Negative. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Supply granted to his Majesty; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 10* die Februarii;

Anno j 3* Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

rHJ RLOTTE Boscerwentook the Oaths appointed,

in order to her Naturalization.

A Bill to naturalize Charlotte, the Wife of Hugh -careen Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Churchill, Mr. Trefusis, Sir William Drake, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hobson, Mr. Scobell, Lord Ranelagh, Mr.

Mr. Proby, Lord Chenie, Mr. Trelawney, Colonel God fry, Mr. Bromley, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Pop-

ham, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Hele, Sir Wm. Courtney, Mr. Williams, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Fagg, Sir Fra. Massam; and all that serve for the County of Cornwall:And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

O

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House this Day at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon Vol. 13.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, Woollen, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Manufac-That many ill-disposed Persons buy of the Weavers the turw*

Ends, or short Threads of Yam, which they break off in Quilling and Weaving; die which when carded, and spun a Second time, is often made into deceitful Cloth; to the Reproach of the Woollen Manufactures; the which Mischiefs are not sufficiently provided against by the Statute of Jac. I. Cap. 7th: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual punishing, and preventing the like evil Practices of buying and making short 1 hreads of Yam into Cloth.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Colchester, Sir Rich Cocks, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley, of Alderley in the Stanley'* County Palatine of Chester, Baronet, was presented to the Estate. House, and read; setting forth, That, on the Petitioner's Marriage with Christiana, his now Wife, his Father, by a Settlement, made the Petitioner Tenant for Life; Remainder to Christiana for Life, as to Part, for her Jointure; Remainder (and of his whole Estate, except Five hundred Pounds per Annum, which came to the Petitioner in Fee) to the First and other Sons in Tail Male; with a Power to charge the whole Estate, except the Fee-simple and Jointure Lands, with Three thousand Pounds:

That, to pay his own and his Father's Debts, he hath been necessitated to sell Part of the Fee-simple Lands; the remaining Part being of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds Value at the least, which the Petitioner is desirous to preserve in his Family, and be made Tenant for Life thereof, without Impeachment of Waste; with like Remainders as the settled Estate; and to forego his Power of charging Three thousand Pounds, so as he may be enabled to charge his Estate, without prejudicing his Wife's Jointure, with Eight thousand Pounds: Ana praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for charging his Estate with any Sum of Money, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Roger Mostyn and Sir Henry Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of divers Lacemen, in behalf of themselves, Wiredrawer* and other Dealers in the Silver and Gold Lace Trade, Trade, dwelling in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That there is a Bill depending in the House for continuing and amending an Act, made the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling

9 B and

Conference with Lords,

Supply.

738

xo° Februarii.

A. 1701.

and adjusting the Proportion of fine Silver and Silk, for That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and fifty-seven prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers; which Bill has thousand Eight hundred Seventy Rixdollars, be granted been once read, and wants some necessary Amendments: to his Majesty, for Levy-money for the Danish Troops

praying, that the Petitioners may be heard for the received into his Majesty's Pay, according to the said

And

said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered,\That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Second time.

The Bill was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand Five hundred Ninety-six Rixdollars, be granted to his Majesty, for the ordinary Pay of the said Troops, from the respect

Resohted, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Iiysham, rive Days of their being taken into his Majesty's Service, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gulston, Mr. St.John, to the Twentieth of December One thousand Seven hun- Mr. Proby, Mr. Manley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Richards, dred and One.

Sir JVm. Drake, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

lioblyn, Mr. Drake, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Ozcen, Sir Fra. That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Five

Massam, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Tagg, Mr. Trefusis, Sir Wm. hundred Rixdollars, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay-Ashurst, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Coke, Sir Hen.Colt, Sir Hen. ment of Six Months Interest of Seven hundred thousand

Ashurst, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Curson, Sir Henry Bunbury, Rixdollars, by him borrowed for making good the Trea- Mr. Moor, Mr. Kero ton, Mr. Nicholas, Lord Chcnie, Mr. ties entered into with the Kings of Denmark and Masters, Sir Philip Boteler, Colonel King, Mr. St.Loo, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Shackerly, Sir John Molestcorth, Mr. That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Five hundred Papillon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Fifty-six Rixdollars, be allowed for the Transports of the a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Troops from and of the Sick and

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Baggage from thence to the respective Quarters, with the referred to the said Committee.

Then the Managers went to the Conference. And being returned;

Demorage of the Ships; and for Provisions, and other contingent Disbursements.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand llix-Sir Joseph Tredenham reported, That they had met the dollars, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of Suc-Lords at the Conference; which was managed by the cours provided by the King of Sweden, pursuant to a Lord Herbert of Cherbury; who acquainted them, That Treaty with that Crown, dated the Seventh of October the Lords do insist upon their Amendments to the Bill, One thousand Seven hundred and One. intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Prince of Wales of High Treason: For which they gave That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand . their Reasons as follow; viz. Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the

Because the Lords are of Opinion, That due Consider- Treaty between his Majesty the King of Sweden, and the ation, such astheNatureof an Attainder does require, may States General.

be had when the Attainder comes in by way of Amend- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ment: And the Lords find the Commons themselves That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Five hun-did, by way of Amendment, add the Names of several dred Pounds, be allowed for the Charge of circulating Persons, to be attainted, in an Act, 31 H.Eight, sent Exchequer Bills.

down by the Lords for attainting the Marquis of Exeter, The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second and others; and they have never heard of any ill Conse- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, quence by that Proceeding; to which the Lords, at that agreed unto by the House, time, made no exception: And though the Lords find.

The House being informed, That Sir Henry Furnesse Disability of Knight, now a Member of this House, is a Circulator of a Member Exchequer Bills; and, by reason thereof, and of the k°*d,nS Clause of the Statute in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the ce' Reign of his Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and Beef, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences, and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, is disabled from being a Member of this House;

Ordered, That the last Contract for circulating Excne-

c:

(Mai

1

-----, ! ----- ----- ----- - C1

That the Attainder of Persons, originally named in that Bill, have since been reversed; yet it does not appear, upon the Search they have made, but that the Attainders of the Persons, so added by the Commons, remain to this Day in Force.

Resolved, That the House do insist upon their disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference: And that all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the Managers.

Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted qUer J Bills, be laid before this House by the Secretary of to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed 'Treasury.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means. consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Rixdollars, be granted to his Majesty; in full of all Sums stipulated by the Treaty with the King of Denmark, dated the Third of December One thousand Six hundred and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the The House Ninety-six; and by the Treaty with that Crown, dated House, That whereas Six hundred and Fifty thousand acquainted the Fifteenth of June One thousand Seven hunched and Pounds hath been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer *v>tbtbeAp* One. pursuant to the Votes of this House, for the Loan of the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, like Sum for the Use of the Navy, Guards, and Garrisons; Mosey. That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-five thousand Rix- That in regard some of the Money lies dead; and that dollars, be granted to his Majesty, for his Share of Two there is Occasion to applysome Money upon the Account Quarters Subsidies, ending the Sixteenth of December of the Land Forces who are to be put on board the One thousand Seven hundred and One, pursuant to the Fleet; and that, in case the House shall not object said Treaty of the Fifteenth of June last. against it, the same will be done accordingly.

1

13 W. III.

i o° — 110 Februarii.

739

In which the House acquiesced.

Security of King's Person and Succession.

Mr. Charles Hedges, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of and

all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; was committed; the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

And the First Amendment was read a Second time.

And a Motion was made, That the Bill be rc-committed,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday come publick Scvennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Accounts. House, upon the Bill to take the publick Accounts of the

Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bri- Bribery at bery and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve Elections, in Parliament, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Royal Assent to a Bill.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman (Jsher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to one publick Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and reviving an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of Prizes taken during the late War.

Then the House proceeded upon the Report of the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and *on and *uc- (j;e Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hojkjs of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be recommitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Fak9'

I tilcis for the 1 eas, Mr Biych

Security of King's Per

Tellers for the Noe* ^r* itilcis for the JNoes,^sir Jfm

s

y

s

i58.

*93-

So it passed in the Negative.

The said First Amendment, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House:

Ami other of the Amendments were read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Fo. 3. L. 16, after "Protestants," to leave out of the Oath in the Bill, those Words, " I will,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

SIR John Bolles reported from the Committee, to Apothecaries whom the Bill for reviving the Act, intituled, An exsmpt from Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish Offices; and re*' for serving upon Juries; was re-committed; That they had considered the Petition of the Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes within the City and Liberties of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and others, to them referred; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of London; and also of the Churchwardens, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes in the Borough of Southwark; which lay upon the Table till the said Report was made:

And a Clause being offered, That the Apothecaries, when chosen into Parish and Ward Offices in the City of London, shall find a fit Person to serve in their

room;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Justices of Pe^ce, Ministers, Petition Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor arid principal In- respecting habitants, of the Parishes of the Tower Hamlets, and of SeaJIie" Woolwich, Deptford, Southwark, and other Parts adja- ma e un' cent, on behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds of

" to the utmost of my Power, support, maintain, and de- p0or Seamen made Run, and queried, on the Books of " fend the Constitution and Government of this Realm, j,js Majesty's Navy; and likewise the Creditors of such

Seamen; was presented to the House, and read;

"in King, Lords, and Commons, as it is by Law cstaWished,' being read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth

rr , r v (Sir Idlers for the V errs.JSir

Tellers for the Noes,

f Mr. Bridges, *Mr. Freeman:

y

y

187.

16c.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a

And afterwards, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of Major Christopher Wray, was presented Irish For-to the House, and read; relating to the Irish forfeited 6‘tures. Estates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

A Petition of Dame Frances O Widow and Ditto.

Relict of Sir Neile O Neile, late of the Kingdom of Lre-

Kind's Bench and KleeI Prisons.

Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question seve- land, Baronet, deceased, on the Behalf of Rose, rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Elizabeth, and Anne, her Four Daughters, was pre-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be sented to the House, and read; relating to the Lrish ingrossed. forfeited Estates.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Ordered, That the Bill for the regulating the Prisons put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be of the King's Bench and Fleet, be read a Second time considered with the other Petitions relating to the said upon Thursday Morning next. forfeited Estates;

V'OL. 13. It

Irish Forfeitures.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Counterfeiting Coin*

740

x i° — 12°

A. 1701.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of John Clayton Master of Arts, and Minister of St.Michan, in the City of Dublin, relating to the

Irish forfeited Estates, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed In the Negative.

A Petition of John Mapas Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being about Ten Years of Age, was outlawed for High Treason in Ireland, although he never had any Civil or Military Employment, or was any-ways concerned in the late Troubles there; nor was ever intitled to any Estate, real or personal, save only as Heir apparent to his Father, who is seised of an Estate in Fee-simple, and may dispose thereof as he pleases; and who is, by reason of the said Outlawry, which cannot be reversed but by Parliament, now upon settling the same upon others, although the Petitioner forfeited nothing, as appears by the Trustees Books: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reversing the said Outlawry; the Petitioner having committed no Offence against the Government.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

venting the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ways and a Committee of the whole House; to consider of Ways Means, and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of Antony Preston, commonly called Lord Viscount Gormanston, relating to the forfeited

Estates, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Jovis, 12* Februarii;

Anno 130 Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A BILL to ascertain Water-measure of Fruit was Water-read a Second time. measure of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. FrUit*

A Petition of John Hill Esquire, and Ellen his Wife, Sir HPeachy, Mr. Stringe?', Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Rich. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Cox, Mr. Gulston, Colonel Mr. Austen, Mr.

That, some Years before the late happy Resolution, John Wild, Mr. Clayton, Sir Sir

Dauson Esquire, obtained a Judgment in Ireland, against M r. BirSir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Coke, Robert Grace, for 2,500l. in Trust for the Petitioner El- Lord Chenie, Lord Coningsby, Sir Hustler, Sir Rob. ten his Daughter; That in 1690 Robert Grace died; and Hyldyard, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Mr

after the Reduction of Ireland, his Estate was seized to his Mr. Bulkley, Mr. St. Loe; and all that serve for the Majesty's Use; but restored, by a Judgment on a Petition Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, Somei'sett, and Devon: of Right, to his Son and Heir John Grace; against whom And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Judgment beiDg revived, and Part of the Estate ex- the Speaker's Chambers, tended, he granted a Rent-charge of 200 /.per Annum,

Colonel Churchill reported from the Committee to Boscatren't whom the Bill to naturalize Charlotte, the Wife of Hugh Nat. Boscawen Esquire, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill, and made an Amend-

v«

Hi

in 1695 to James Dawson, the Petitioner Ellen's Brother, in Trust for her, till the 2,500l. should be paid; and Grace continuing in Possession, and paying the Rent-charge constantly, the^Petitioners had not the least Apprehension,

that the said Lands were forfeited by the Rebellion in Ire- ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report

land; nor had any such Notice till January last, when the Petitioners, who live in England were, first informed, That the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures had seized Grace's Estate, and forbidden the Tenants from paying any Rent, until his Claim before them shall be determined; which is not likely to be till about Lady-day next: That the Petitioners, having no Notice of the supposed Forfeiture, did not enter any Claim of their said Debt before the Trustees; the Time, limited by the Act of Resurnp-

to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Quakers' Act, that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the «.

tion, for that Purpose, being expired before they had any People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an

Notice; so that they are like to lose the Remainder of their Debt, being 1,500l. unless relieved by the House: And praying, That the House will, by some new Law, allow them a reasonable Time to enter their Claim before the said Trustees; or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

Oath in the usual Form, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do j>ass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

Ordered, That the Lord Chenie do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the w'/mb/ Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning House a Bill for the rebuilding, and maintaining in good Harbour. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth the North Riding of the County of And the same and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better pre- was received.

The

13 W. III.

1T Februarii.

74

Privilege — Persons petition for Discharge.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Edmund SamEdward John

Wayte, and Joseph Hancock, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for presenting a scandalous^ false, and vexatious Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Malmsbury, was presented to the House, and read; acknowlcging their Faults; and that they are

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Ecclesiastical and Civil

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That. the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Duty of Five Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, of Offices.

..... Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the

heartily sorry, and beg Pardon, for the same: And pray- said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr.

ing to be discharged out of Custody

Ordered, That the said Edmund , Edward

Hr oxen, John JTopic, and John Hancock, be brought to

and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills.

the Bar Tomorrow Morning.

Irish Forfeitures.

A Petition of Thomas Andrew and others, Tradesmen, living in the City of Westminster ,relating to the Petition of the Countess of Ahcrcorne, concerning the forfeited Estates, was offered to the House.

And the Question being brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Commercial

Treaties.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House such Treaties of Commerce with foreign Princes and States, as lie before them; will) an Account of the Proceedings that have been thereupon.

Sir John Holland reported, That he having been at the Conference Lords, according to Order, to desire a free Conference, with Lord*, the Lords do agree to a free Conference, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last

7 - o

Conference, do manage the free Conference, put, That the Petition be And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That the Managers had attended the free Conference, which was but short; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

Election.

Conference desired with Lords.

Ordered, That Sir John Holland do go to the Lords, ami desire a free Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, upon the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, County is at An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of said County;

Vtayi and Means.

I Tales of High Treason

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed nini to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same* wore read; and are as follow;

R1 solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifty Shillings per Centum, for One Year, be laid upon the Value of all Stock in Trade.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-five Shillings per Centum, for One Year, be laid upon all Money at Interest.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Annuities, Pensions, and yearly Stipends.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, of Offices Ecclesiastical and Civil.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after " towards," the Word

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace. Grand Jury, Somerset with other Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of J'(ace.ot Somerset, at the Sessions held at Wells the 1 jth Day of January 1701, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of the Freeholders, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, That the Place of Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said

Ivelchester, which lies on the Extent of the and by reason of the Badness of the Roads,

Deepness of the Waters, Smallness of the Place, and Want of Entertainment, many of the Freeholders do not go to the Election, who would otherw ise go, if it were not for the said Inconveniencies: And praying, That Leave muv be given to bring in a Bill, That, when there is a Poll demanded by any Candidate, after all the Freeholders there present shall be polled, the Sheriff of the said County shall adjourn the Poll to the City of Wells, and 1'own of Taunton; to the End that all the Freeholders of the said County may have their just Freedom to give

their Votes at such Election.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not insist upon their Amendment®, Attainting made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the Pre-the pretended Prince oi I Tales of High Treason. tender.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Somerset put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to £jace of the Prayer of the said Petition; ection.

The House divided. -The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr> ieuers for the *eas,£ Mp T/wmas

Tellers for the Noes f Co,onel Granville, ieuers for the J\oes,£ sjr

132.

1/3*

raising:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, tow ards raising

A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Legat'd and Earl of Sir Richard Holford: Orrer,

Mr. Speaker, Estate.

The Lords hare passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Supply granted to his Majesty, an Aid, not exceed- enabling Lionel Earl of Orrery, in the Kingdom o ing Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid land, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements, to raise upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments. Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands,

The Second, Third, and Fourth Resolutions, being to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned: To

severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

Vox- 15.

which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The

Irish Forfeitures.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Earl of

Orrery's

Estate.

Adam's

Estate.

Brldport

Harbour.

Guards and Garisons, ice.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Address from Ireland respecting the Act of lle-sumption.

74

1 a* — i 30 — 14°

A. 1701

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Petitions and Reports relating to the Irish Forfeitures;

Ordered That the Earl of , and James Top-

ham Esquire, do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Earl of Abercome and Mr. Topham have been heard, take into Consideration the Petitions and Reports concerning the Irish Forfeitures: And that the Trustees in Town do then attestd this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13® die Februarii; Anno 14° Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Lionel Earl of , in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements,

to raise Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands, to the Uses and Purposes in tins Act mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Kinaston, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for vesting the Estate of Adams, an

Infant, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, for the Maintenance and Portions of William and Elizabeth Adams, Infants, the Brother and Sister of the said Richard, pursuant to the Power reserved to William, deceased Father of the said Infants, in and by his Marriage Settlement, and not executed in his Lifetime: And the same was received.

Mr. Gulston, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for clearing, recovering, and repairing, the Haven and Port of Bridport, whereby it may be rendered useful and necessary, for the Encouragement of Navigation: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this House the Establishment for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Two, for Guards and Garisons; and for the Land-men to be put on board the Fleet; distinct.

sidered, in order to their Relief: And that his Majesty had given Directions, That the said Addresses should be laid before this House, when the House shall think fit to require the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be laid before this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Surveyor General do lay before this Croww House an Account of all Lands belonging to the Crown, Lands, both in Possession and Reversion, undisposed of.

A Petition of Waller Bagnall, eldest Son of Dudley BagnsJl's Bagnall, was presented to the House, and read; praying, Petition. That he may be heard, before any Bill, or Clause, do pass upon the Petition of his Sisters and younger Brothers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the said other Petition shall be taken into Consideration.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself w.y* *jA into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- Mean*, ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Accounts, from the Commissioners of the Customs, of Goods rated ad Valorem, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

The House being informed, That Edmund Persons in

Edroard Brown, John Wayte, and Joseph Hancock, were Custody to brought by the Serjeant, according to the Order of Yesterday;

Ordered, That they be brought to the Bar Tomorrow

Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into & Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Newton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Newton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his Majesty had directed him to inform them, That his Majesty has lately received, from Ireland, several Addresses of the City of Dublin, and divers Counties of that Kingdom; setting forth the Hardships they lie under by the late Act of Resumption; which, they desire, may be con-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 14* die Februarii;

Anno 14® Willielmi Tertii.

P RATERS.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself into Punishing a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, Mutiny and for Punishing of Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny Destrtion. or desert in England or Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

The

tsto

tat

fiaE

*4 W. III.

140 Febru.

743

Addresses from Ireland respecting the Act of Resumption;

t

tj'nj

Persons in custody brought to the Bar.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Earl of Manchester, One of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, attended, according to Order, with the Addresses from Inland;

He was called ins and presented to the House the said Addresses, with a Schedule of them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Schedule was read; and is hs followeth; viz.

1. The humble Address of the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens, of the City of Dublin, in Com-taon Council assembled-, the lbtb of January 1701.

2. The humble Address of the Governor, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury* Clergy, Gentlemen* and Freeholders, of the County of Cavan, at their General Quarter Sessions held '

1701.

3. The humble Address of the High Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Clare, at their General Quarter Sessions held Enis, the 13th Day of January 1701.

The humble Address of the High Sheriffs, Justices

Ordered, That they be remanded bgcL

Remanded.

Ordered, That Mir. Goodenough, an Attorney at Law, Persons be summoned to attend this House, in order to his being order.-o t«> examined.

attend.

Ordered, That John Woodman, of summoned to attend this House, in order to his examined.

be being

Ordered, That the Earl of Abercom, and James Top- Irish ham Esquire, do attend this House, upon Monday Morn- f'orieitures‘ ing next.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the at Belturbett, the 13th Day of January Earl of Abercom and Mr. Topkam have been heard, take

into Consideration the Petitions and Reports relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And that the Two Trustees in Town do then attend this House.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

4-

of the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Free- to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply holders, of the County of Coi'k, at the General Quarter granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had Sessions held at Banden-bridge, the 13th Day of January directed him to report to the House; which he read

1701. in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

5. The humble Address of the Nobility* Justices of Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz. the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Free- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, holders, of the County of Dublin, at dieir General Quarter That all Persons, of any Profession relating to the Corn-Sessions held at Kilmainham, the ltith January 1701. mon or Civil Law, or to the Ecclesiastical Courts, or to

6. The humble Address of the Mayor, Recorder, Grand Physick or Surgery; all Preachers or Teachers in Con-

Jury, Aldermen, Burgesses, Clergymen, Freemen, and gregations; all Brokers and Factors; and Persons exer-Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of cising any Profession whatsoever; shall be charged with a the Town of Gahcay, at their General Quarter Sessions Duty of Tour Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, upon of the Peace held at the Tholsel of Galway, the 13th Ja- so much as, by Estimation, they do or may receive, or ouary 1701. get, by their Practice, Employments, or Professions, in

7. The humble Addressof the Nobility, Justices of the the Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, of what Degree soever, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall pay to his Majesty, within One Year, the Sum of Four Shillings, except such

Peace, Grand Jure, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Kilkenny, at their General Quarter Sessions held at Grace Castle, the 13th Jan. 1701.

8. The humble Address of the Justices of the Peace,

Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the Poor as receive Alms, and their Children under the Age County of Meath, at their Quarter Sessions held at Trim, of Sixteen Years, and except poor Housekeepers, who, the 12th Day of January 1701. for their Poverty are exempted from Contributions to

9. The humble Address of the Nobility, Justices of the Church and Poor, and their Children under the said Age;

Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, and except all Children, under the Age of Sixteen Years, of the Queen's County, at their General Quarter Sessions of Day Labourers, and of Servants in Husbandry; and

held at Marriborough, the 12th January 1701. of all such who have Four or more Children, and are not

10. The humble Address of the High Sheriff, Justices worth Fifty Pounds.

of the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Free- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, holders, of the County of Roscommon, at their General That a Duty, after the Rate of One Pound per Centum, be Quarter Sessions held at Roscommon, the 15th January laid upon all Shares in the Capital Stock of any Corpora-1701. tion or Company, which shall be bought, sold, bargained,

11 th, The humble Address of the Justices of the Peace, or contracted for.

Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* County of Tipperary, at their Quarter Sessions held at That the said Duty of One Pound per Centum be conti-

Fethard, the 6th of January 1701.

The House being informed, That Edmund Sansum, Edward Brown, John Wayte, and Joseph Hancock, are brought up by the Serjeant;

nued for Five Years.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said

Ordered, That they be immediately brought to the Bar Resolutions, by the Persons who are to bring in the Bill,

of this House.

Ordered, That they be severally called in, and examined, one by one.

And they were severally called in to the Bar, and examined, accordingly.

And then withdrew.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being

or Bills, upon the Resolutions agreed upon by the House upon Thursday last; or that they do insert such of them as they shall think proper, into the said Bill, or Bills.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordant, Sir John Bolles, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Farrer, Sir Manwaring, Mr. Wicker, Sir Win. Thomas, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Heathcot,

Wiredrawen

Trade.

put, That they be called in to the Bar, in order to their Mr. Sheppard, be added to the Committee, to whom the

being discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative. Vol. IS.

J152. ] 158.

Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better Making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wiredrawers; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

744

6° Februarii.

.Lima?, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 14° Willielmi TerCii.

Praye&s.

Stilt Du tie®. SJ REEKED, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, that are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties, That they do take care to ascertain the Measure or Weight of foreign Salt exported or imported; and also of the Rock Salt.

taken into Consideration with lating to the said Forfeitures;

It passed in the Negative.

A. 1701.

the other Petitions re-

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Punishing of Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland\ was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against Officers keeping Greyhounds, and Setting Dogs:

And the same was twice read; and amended by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made a Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr 11 r . 1 xr CSir Robert Hilliard\

Tellers for the Yeas, JMr

Teste^beNoc,

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all such Soldiers, as have been disbanded, and shall agajp list themselves, shall be free from Arrests:

And the same was once read; and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1124. ] 130.

Security of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the further Secu-King'sPer*oa rity of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the

Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Majesty the Danger, to which it is exposed, by Colour Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; be read of that Act. the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

and Sue cession.

The House being informed, That the Earl of oilier- Peifr, come, and James Topham Esquire, attended, according to Order; , jj;^'

The Earl of Abcrcom was called in;

And, a Copy of a Letter, dated at Dublin the 23d of hit; December 1701; and of the Form of an Address, which had been delivered in to the House by the Two Trustees for Irish Forfeitures herein Town; were read.

And then his Lordship withdrew.

Then Mr. Topham was called in:

And the said Copy of the said Letter was also read.

And then he withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Addresses, which his Majesty had received from Ireland, and' which his Majesty had been pleased to communicate to this House.

And the Address of the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens, of the City of Dublin, in Common Council assembled, was read: And also,

The Address of the County of Dublin was read:

And are as follow; viz.

To the King's most Excellent Majesty,

The humble Address of the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens of the City of Dublin, in Common Council assembled.

Great Sir,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful Subjects of this City, with all Humility, presume to lay before your Sacred Majesty the great Pressures we, with the rest of our Protestant Fellow Subjects, lie under, by the rigorous Execution of the late Act of Resumption, and the unsupportable Charge occasioned, thereby to great Numbers of your loyal Subjects, who were wholly unconcerned in the late Forfeitures in this Kingdom.

Nothing less than the Ruin of many thousand Protestant improving Tenants, Purchasers, and others, which will immediately follow the further Execution of that Act, could force us to give your Majesty the least Interruption, by our Complaints, at a time when the most weighty Affairs of Europe are under the Consideration of your Majesty, and your great Council.

But we apprehend, Great Sir, that we should fail in that Regard we ought to have for the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, should we omit representing to your

Derby

Borough

Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanhope have Leave to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Pye have Leave to withdraw

It is evident, that your Protestant Subjects here arc daily harassed and disquieted on Account of groundless Discoveries; or, upon other Pretences, obliged to attend, from time to time, the Pleasure of the Trustees, at their own Expences; whilst most of the Papists, especially those, who, by your Majesty's Grace, were restored to their Estates and Blood, are, in a great measure, cx-

his Petition, touching the Election for the said Borough empted from the Charge, which the Execution of that

of Derby.

Irish Forfeitures.

Act has brought on your Majesty's Protestant Subject* of this City and Kingdom.

That the Trustees, by assuming a Power to review the Decrees of Judgments of the highest Court in this Kingdom; and declaring, That whatever they sell, as forfeited, must be, for ever after, conclusive; renders

A Petition of Sarah Abbot, Widow and Relict of MordecaiAbbot Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in Consideration of her late Husband's zealous and faithful Services, and suffering by the late War in Ireland, his Majesty grant- our Properties precarious, and greatly disheartens your cd him Three hundred Fourteen Pounds Ten Shillings loyal Subjects in this Kingdom.

Nine-pence Three Farthings per Annum, out of the Irish We must add, that the Expence, to which we, and the Forfeitures; in passing which Grant, and asserting his rest of your Subjects in this Kingdom, have already been Majesty's Title to the Premises, her said Husband spent put, in maintaining and defending our just Rights and above One Thousand Pounds: That the granted Estate Properties; the Salaries of the Trustees, and of their was all the Petitioner s Dependence, and is taken from numerous Officers, with other incident Charges, if cast her by the Act of Resumption: And praying the Relief up; will exceed the most that That Act, even as no» of the House for herself and Eight Children, against the executed, can produce, said Act.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be

We are persuaded, the Parliament of in ro sort designed to lay so heavy a Burden on us; the whole Act being grounded upon gross Misinlormatious given

tr.em

14 W. III. i6° Februarii* 745

them in that exorbitant Report made by the Persons intrusted with that Inquiry.

May it therefore please Your Majesty to take our distressed Condition into Your Princely Care; and to give us Relief herein, as to Your Majesty shall seem proper for the Removal of so great a Burden.

And give us Leave, on this Occasion, to assure Your Majesty, that we will, at all times, shew a ready Zeal to maintain and defend Your Majesty's Person and Government, the Rights and Liberties of the Imperial Crown of England, against all Opposers whatsoever. In Testimony whereof, we have caused our Common Seal to be hereunto affixed, this 16th Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1701.

To the King's most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Address of the Nobility,. Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Free^ holders, of the County of Dublin, at their General Quarter Sessions held at Killmainham, the 16th Day of January 1701.

YOUR Majesty's faithful and loyal Subjects, the Protestants of this Your Kingdom of Ireland, lying under such Pressures, by reason of the late Act of Resumption, and of the Execution thereof, that they apprehend the Ruin of the Protestants of this Kingdom, who have all of them, to the utmost of their Power, been most forward and zealous for Your Majesty's Interest, and instrumental in the reducing this Kingdom to its Dependence upon the Crown of England' must be the unavoidable Consequence of the Execution of that Act, do humbly fly to Your Majesty's Protection; and pray, That Your Majesty, the Restorer of their Religion, Rights, and Liberties, would once again be pleased to take their distressed Condition into Your Princely Consideration, and, by such Methods as to Your Majesty shall seem most expedient, and their present Circumstances, and the Justice of their Cause, do require, apply suitable Remedies to the severe Burdeu under which they lie.

The deplorable Condition of very many Families, who always have adhered firmly to the Interest of Your Majesty, and of the Crown of England, and the general Discouragement that Act has given to the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, constrains us, with all Humility, to lay before Your Majesty, That, the Act being intirely framed and passed in England, the real Truth of our Circumstances could not be known: Hence we have Reason to complain,

That the Persons, who chiefly receive any Benefit or Favour by this Act, are the Papists of this Kingdom; and, amongst them, principally those, who, to the last, opposed Your Majesty's Arms and Interest: And, besides many other particular Favours to Irish Papists, all those, who, by Your Majesty's Grace, obtained the Reversal of their Outlaw ries, have the Benefit of those Reversals confirmed to them; and are, by this Act, restored as well to their Estates, as to their Blood, when most of the Grants made to Protestants are, by the said Act, re-assumed: That the Improvers, and poor Husbandmen, who, by several Proclamations issued by Your Majesty's Order, w ere encouraged and required to betake themselves again to their Tillage, to repair the Desolation wrought by the War, and prevent a Famine, are, by it, deprived of all the Benefit of their Labour, and the Charges of their Improvements:

That, those who purchased under Patentees, are generally Protestants, who, in their Dealing for those Estates, acted agreeably to the then knowm and established Luws of these Kingdoms; now, by a Law made ex post facto, they find themselves in the Condition of forfeiting Persons:

That the ill Consequences, of this Act* and the Execution of it, do not only affect the Purchasers, but Your Majesty's other Subjects here* who are wholly unconcerned in those Titles* and disquiet the whole Kingdom: For, some of the Trustees having declared in Court their Opinion, That, what Lands they shall think VOL. 13.

fit to sell, it shall never afterwards be controverted, w hether that Land was the Estate of a forfeiting Person, and, in consequence of that, vested in them by the Act; but that their Sales, whatever they are, are confirmed by the Act, and past Controul; Your Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom are sensible, that, if this Opinion prevail; the whole Property of Ireland depends upon the arbitrary Wills of a Majority of the Trustees:

That the Power given the Trustees is so arbitrary and unlimited, That all Persons, under colour of Discoveries, or upon other Pretences, are liable to be summoned to appear before them, and obliged to attend their Pleasure:

That this Act is a great Discouragement to Protestant Proprietors to lay out Money on Improvements, upon account of the Uncertainty of Titles to Estates here; it being construed not only to subject Titles established by Judgments and Decrees of the highest Courts of Law and Equity here, to the Re-examination of the Trustees; but it, in express Terms, defeats a Title confirmed by an Act of Parliament legally convened, and held under Your Majesty, within this Kingdpm:

That the whole Scheme of the Act, and the Manner of the Execution of it, depresses and discountenances the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, and encourages the Popish; of the Dangers of which, we, who have felt the Effects of it, must always be apprehensive; but more particularly now, when the Papists throughout the whole Nation, by the Insolence of their Behaviour, shew, that the Acknowledging of the pretended Prince of Wales by the French King, or some other Dependence, has raised their Expectations to a great Height.

We are persuaded, that the Parliament of England were in no sort apprized either of the Hardships, or dangerous Consequence, of this Act; and are sensible, that the whole Act is grounded upon gross Misinformations given to them concerning the Value of the Forfeitures; which w ere represented, by the Persons intrusted with that Inquiry, to be at least Four times the Value of w hat they will be found to amount to We will not affirm, that this was done wilfully, or to serve private Ends; but we must say, and can make it plain, beyond Denial, that most Proofs offered to them in their Inquiries, though never so plain and evident, were by them disregarded and rejected, when they tended to lessen the Value of the Forfeitures, and deprive them of a Handle for making their exorbitant Report.

And we must add, that the Expences to which this Kingdom has already been put; in Attendance upon the Trustees, with Counsel, Witnesses, and in Fees to their Officers, &c.; the Salaries of the Trustees themselves, and of near Relations to some of them; and other Persons put into Employments, with great Allowances, under them; with other Charges which the Act has occasioned to this Kingdom; if cast up, will exceed the utmost that the Act, even as now executed, can produce: A considerable Sum might, without such Grievance or Complaint, have beeu la idEqually upon the Forfeitures in Ireland-, and thereby the Publick might have received some Benefit, and this Kingdom not have groaned under a Burden, which nothing but the last Necessity forces her to complain of in this manner: Something of this kind may yet he done, though not near to what might have been, before the Country was so impoverished by the Means of the Act.

May it please Your Majesty to suffer us, upon this Occasion, to assure Your Majesty, That your Protestant Subjects of this Kingdom are so sensible of the inexpressible Favours they have received from Your Majesty, and Your tender Care of them, that nothing can ever shake their Faith and Duty to Your Majesty; and that, whatever the Malice of their Enemies may, for private Ends, or ill Designs, suggest to the contrary, no Inducements whatsoever can prevail with them to endeavour to make, or so much as to wish, themselves independent of, or not subject unto, the Crown of England; and that none of Your Majesty's Subjects of any of Your Dominions will, upon all Occasions, shew' a more forward and ready Zeal to maintain and defend, against all Opposers whatsoever, Your Sacred Person, and Government, the Protestant 9 D Religion,

Petition* from Ireland respecting Resumption of Irish Forfeitures.

Petitions from Ireland respecting Resumption of Irish Forfeitures.

16° Februarii. A. 1701;

Religion, the Laws, Liberties, and the Rights, of the Resolved\ That the Address, intituled. The humble Crown of England, than Your Majesty's Protestant Sub- Address of the Nobility, Justices of the Peace, Grand jects of Ireland. Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the Queen's

County, at their General Quarter Sessions held at Mari-Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble borough, the Twelfth day of January One thousand Seven Address of the Nobility, Justices of the Peace, Grand hundred and One, contains divers scandalous and false Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's Honour, of Dublin, at their General Quarter Sessions held at and both Houses of Parliament.

Killmainham, the Sixteenth Day of January One thousand The Address of the County of Roscommon was read,*

Seven hundred and One, contains divers scandalous and and is the same as the aforesaid Address of the County false Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's of Dublin.

Hbnoui*, and both Houses of Parliament. Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble

The Address of the County of Cavan was read; and Address of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand is the same as the Address of the County of Dublin. Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble of Roscommon, at their General Quarter Sessions held at Address of the Governor, Justices of the Peace, Grand Roscommon, the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Seven hundred and One, contains divers scandalous and of Cavan, at their General Quarter Sessions held at false Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's Belturbett, the 13th Day of January One thousand Seven Honour, and both Houses of Parliament, hundred and One, contains divers scandalous and false The Address of the County of Tipperary was read; Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's Honour, and is the same as the aforesaid Address of the County of and both Houses of Parliament. Dublin.

The Address of the County of Clare was read; and is Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble

the same as the Address of the County of Dublin. Address of the Justices of Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy,

Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Tipperary, Address of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand at their Quarter Sessions held at Fethard, the Sixth Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and One, of Clare, at their General Quarter Sessions held at Enis, contains divers scandalous and false Expressions, highly the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven reflecting upon his Majesty's Honour, and both Houses hundred and One, contains divers scandalous and false of Parliament.

Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's Honour, Resolved, That the Advisers, Promoters, and Pro* and both Houses of Parliament. curers, of the said Addresses, are guilty of an high Crime

The Address of the County of Cork was read; and is and Misdemeanor, the same as the said Address of the County of Dublin. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble Majesty, giving his Majesty the humble Thanks of this Address of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand House, for his gracious communicating the said Addresses Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County to this House; whereby this House hath liad an Oppor-of Cork, at the General Quarter Sessions held at Bandon- tunity of vindicating his Majesty's Honour, and the bridge, the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Honour of both Houses of Parliament.

Seven hundred and One, contains divers scandalous and Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his false Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's Majesty by such Me ibers of this House as are of his Honour, and both Houses of Parliament. Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The Address of the Town and County of the Town Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevennight, Irish of Gallway was read; and is the same as the said Address examine into the Execution of the Act relating to the Forfdtai«, of the County of Dublin. Irish Forfeitures, and hear the Trustees to the same.

Resolved, That the Address, intituled. The humble Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Address of the Mayor, Recorder, Grand Jury, Alder- next, after the Third Reading of the Bill for the farther men, Burgesses, Clergymen, Freemen, Freeholders, and Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Gallway, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other held at the TholseU of Gallzvay, the Thirteenth Day of Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; take into January One thousand Seven hundred and One, contains Consideration the Petitions and Reports relating to the divers scandalous and false Expressions, highly reflecting Irish forfeited Estates: And that the Trustees in Town upon his Majesty's Honour, and both Houses of Parlia- be ordered to attend this House, ftient.

The Address of the County of Kilkenny was read; and is Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Counterfeit-the same as the said Address of the County of Dublin. ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- iD8Coi°i Resolved, That the Address intituled, The humble mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill Address of ths Nobility, Justices of the Peace, Grand for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Jury, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the County Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the of Kilkenny, at their General Quarter Sessions held at counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

Grace's Castle, the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and One, contains divers scandalous Resolved, That this House wall, upon Wednesday Waysand and false Expressions, highly reflecting upon his Majesty's Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the WcaD,‘ Honour, and both Houses of Parliament. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

The Address of the County of Meath was read; and is raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the same as the said Address of the County of Dublin.

Resolved, That the Address, intituled, The humble Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King'sU Address of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, Clergy, King's Bench and Fleet be read a Second time upon Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Meath, Friday Morning next, riwI*

at their Quarter Sessions held at Trim, the Twelfth of

January One thousand Seven hundred and One, contains Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commits

divers scandalous and false Expressions, highly reflecting

upon his Majesty's Honour, and both Houses of Parlia- Ordered, That Mr. Rowney, Sir Francis Blake, Mr: wircdnwo ment. Bridges, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lambton, Sir Hen, Trade,

The Address of the Queens County was read; and is Peachy, Mr. Courtneys, be added to the Committee, to the same as the aforesaid Address of the County of Dublin. Whom the Bill for continuing the Act for settling and 5 adjusting

Ibbu

(K?

Rtf

1

1

14 W. III. 16° — 17° — 18* Februarii.

adjusting the Proportions of line Silver and Silk; and to prevent the Abuses of Wiredrawers; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

747

And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to which the said Bill is committed.

Martis9 17* die Februarii;

Anno 14* Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Boyle, Mr. liar court, Mr. Fox, Mr. Austen, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Manley, Mr. Swift, Mr. Pauncefort, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Dean and Canons of Windsor to exchange Lands with his Majesty, for other Lands, or Rents, of like Value, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Charlotte, the Wife of Hugh Boscazven Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Charlotte the Wife of Hugh Boscazven Esquire.

Ordered, That Colonel Churchill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Lionell Lord of Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands, to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Dutt. Colt, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Sir Rich. Codes, Mr. Harley, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Colchester, Lord Conmgsby, Mr. Moor, Mr. Yard, Mr. Poult ney, Mr. St. John, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hele, Mr. Pershall, Sir John Holland, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Barrell, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clark, Mr. Clayton, Sir Alex. Rigby, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Palmes, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Howard, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Gulston, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bridges: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Scobell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the principal Paper-makers in England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Making of Writing and Printing Paper is arrived to a very great Perfection in England, but, by reason the Petitioners cannot hire Servants under Eight and Nine Shillings a Week, and Foreigners hire them at 3 s. and 4s. per Week; and for that the Duty of all foreign Paper, except French, is very inconsiderable; Foreigners can import and sell it cheaper than the Petitioners: And praying, That the Manufacture of Paper in England may be preserved, by laying such additional Duties on all foreign Paper as shall be thought meet

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Town of Dorchester, Woollen Main Dorsetshire, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the nufacture. House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find a great Decrease of the Woollen Manufactures, by the frequent Exportation of Wool to France, and the Running of French Goods; the Owlers carrying on their Designs, in those Parts, without Interruption: And praying, That some speedy Means may be taken for the most effectual conducing to the Preservation of the Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

A Petition of Theophilus Tyrrell, of Lynton, in the Irish For-County of Cambridge, Esquire, was presented to the features. House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be considered with the other Petitions relating to the Irish forfeited Estates; 1

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Dame Anne Stapleton, Relict and Exe- Ditto, cutrix of Sir William Stapleton Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be considered with the other Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland\

A Petition of Goddart Earl of AthUme was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be considered with the other Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Y gj

] -40.

So it passed in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the House will now proceed in receiving Petitions relating to the Irish forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

Ditto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Rights and Committee of the whole House, to take into Considera- Privileges of tion the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the House the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Februarii; Anno 140 Willielmi Tertii.

A Petition of Arthur Anderson, and others, Traders Prayers. in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, A P ETITI O N of the Mayor, Recorder, Alder- Woollen Ma*

and many other Traders, in and about the said City, was men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Kirkby nufacture.

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, and of the the Bill depending in the House, for the Relief of poor Company of Weavers within the said Borough, was pre-Prisoners for Debt, should pass, as it now is, the Peti- sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many tioners conceive great Inconveniencies thereby, and that Persons in the said County have, of late Years, taken it will not answer the charitable Intentions of the House: upon them to make Linsey-woolseys, who have not V o l. 13. served

Wiredrawing

Trade.

Hind's

Estate.

Unwholesome Brandies.

barwent

Navigation.

748

8° Februarii.

served their Apprenticeships of Seven Years to the said Trade; and make slight and deceitful Commodities, by reason of their Unskilfulness; which has brought a mighty Odium and Decay of that Manufacture, to the Petitioners Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

A Petition of divers Exporters, and Traders in Silver and Gold Thread, and Lace, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for continuing and amending the Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of Wiredrawers: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, in relation to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petitioti be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered That the Bill for enabling Trustees 16 sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Hind, late of London, Goldsmith, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A. 1701.

forth, That the said Borough is a great Market, and trades to London, York, Hull, and other Places; and the said itiver, upon View, is capable of being made navigable; which when effected, will be a great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Borough, and other adjacent Places: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River navigable, at the Charge of such Gentlemen* within and about the said Borough, as will undertake the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Palmes and Sir Francis Blake do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Millorn Milk* Port, in the County of Somersett, on behalf of themselves, ou^ and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, Uofl* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Mr. Thynn,

John Henly was duly chosen; but the Bailiffs of the said Borough refused to poll several good Votes for him, and polled several unqualified Persons for John Hunt Esquire; declaring the y would, and accordingly did, return the said Mr. Hunt, though he had not a Majority; and, by Threats, Bribes* and other undue Practices, many were prevailed upon to vote for Mr. Hunt: And praying Relief therein;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same* with their Opinion therein, to the House.

1

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Distillers of London, on behalf of ilhemselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners distil Brahdy from many Thousand Quarters of Corn which is unfit for brewing; but are greatly discouraged by several unskilful Persons setting up the Trade of making and selling English Brandy, who are under no Regulation or Inspection, and have brought a Disreputation upon all Brandies, and strong Waters; and many Persons also run French Brandy, and under-sell the Petitioners, who pay a Duty of Six Shillings per Gallon for the same; by which means, and by reason of a Clause in a late Act of Parliament, for laying a Duty on low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction, for obliging all Persons that sell Brandy, or strong Waters, by Retail, to take Licences, the Petitioners Trades are become very contemptible, and much decayed: And praying that the House will give them such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Moor, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Pitt, Sir Win. Ashurst, Sir JVm. Phippard, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Topham, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Styles, Mr. G ids ton, Mr. Proby, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Roberts, Mr. St. Loo, Mr. Pelham, Sir Edw. Hasle, Mr. Hutton, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Cox, Mr. Lowther, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. St. John, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. Clark, S\v John Bolles, Mr. Hayes, Sir. Rich. Cocks, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Gape, Mr. Chase, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Carter, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Alcock: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Mercers, Drapers, Grocer^, and other the Tradesmen and Burgesses of the Borough of Malton, and several of the Inhabitants of several Towns nigh thereunto, situate near the River Darwent, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting

Ordered, That the Remainder of the Petitions relating Irish For. to the forfeited Estates in Ireland be received upon Fri- feltum* day next, between the Hours of Eleven and One a Clock.

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Over- Jews Pn>-seers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the res- testamChi pective Parishes of St. Andrew Under shaft \ St.Butlolph's, drtn‘ Bishopsgate; St. BuitolpKs, Aldgate; St. Cath. Creed Church; St. Catharine Coleman; and St. James, Dukes Place; in the City of London; was presented to thd House, and read; setting forth, That most of the Jews in London live in the said Parishes; and, though they enjoy the Protection of the Government, and the free > Exercise of their Religion, and grow rich, yet they bear such a Hatred to our National Religion, that, irt case any of their Children embrace the same, they utterly disown them, and treat them with great Cruelty; an Instance w hereof appears by the Daughter of Jacob Mendesde Breta, a rich Jew in St. Andrews Undershaft, who being converted to the Christian Faith, he utterly disowns her for his Child, and refuses to maintain her; so that she is now kept by the said Parish, for her Encouragement, suitable to her Education: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in to oblige Jacob Mendes de Breta in particular, and the Jews in general, to maintain, and provide for, their Protestant Children.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Francis Blake, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hysham, Sir Francis Child, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Fran. Windham, Lord Pow~ left, Sir John Bolles, Lord Coningsby, Sir Win. Ashurst,

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Drake, Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Lambton,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Ashurst, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Booth, Mr. Colchester, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Moor, Sir Alex. Rigbyt Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Bridges, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. JeffYies, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Hen. Peachy,

Mr. Coke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons* Papers, and Records.

Duties.

imarcial

itiea*

Person rdered to ttend.

Newport

YriU

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

Ways and Means*

14W. III. 18° — 19° Februarii.

749

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Blathwait, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, according to Order, presented to the House their Answer to the Order of the Twelfth of January last: And,

A Project of a Treaty of Commerce with France, with several Papers annexed, relating the reunto, One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven: And,

A Project of a Treaty of Commerce and Marine with Sweden; with several Letters to and from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating the reunto; One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight: And also,

A Project of a Treaty of Peace and Commerce with the Emperor of Morocco; with a Representation from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to Passes; One thousand Seven hundred and One.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Answers and Projects are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Answers and Projects do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.":

Mr. Conyers took the ("hair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had sat; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Counterfeiting, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; m8 CoiIK to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 19° die Februarii; Anno 140 Willielmi Tertii.

The House being informed, That Mr. Goodenough, who was ordered to be summoned to attend this House, isinTov\n;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Goodenough do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, in order to his being examined.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Lord Cutts, dated at the Hague, the One-and-twentieth of February, N* S. One thousand Seven hundred and Two; whereby he desires the House may be acquainted. That, he being elected Knight of the Shire for the County of Cambridge, and a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, he makes his Choice to serve for the County of Cambridge; and desires, that a new Writ may issue for electing a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Newport.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents with relation to Members, chosen for several Places, being beyond-sea, and making their Choice for which Place they will serve, before they have qualified themselves to sit in the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

106.

126.

T.UOT for there,

Tefa»for the No,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Nexvport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Lord Cutts.

An ingrossed Bill for Punishing of Officers and Soldiers that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Punishing of Officers and Soldiers that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vox.. 13.

Prayers.

ABILL for vesting the Estate of Richard Adams, an Adam*' Infant, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Eight Estate, hundred Pounds for the Maintenance and Portions of William and Elizabeth Adams, Infants, the Brother and Sister of the said Richard, pursuant to the Power reserved to Wm. Adams, deceased, Father of the said Infants, in and by his Marriage Settlement, and not executed by him in his Life-time, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for clearing, recovering, and repairing, the Haveri Bridport and Port of Bridport, w hereby it may be rendered useful Harbour, and necessary, for the Encouragement of Navigation, was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being 7* ' put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Gerrard Lowther Clerk, and Anne his Lowther'* Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting Estate, forth, That Sibill Lowther, the Petitioner Gerrard"s Mother, was possessed of a Farm called Coleby Leathes, near Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, held, by Lease for Twenty-one Years, of the Dean and Chapter of Carlisle; which was devised to her by her Husband Christopher Lowther, deceased; and assigned over to the Petitioner Gerrard by his Mother, who had renewed the same; but subject to pay her Debts and Incumbrances, which are near the Value thereof; That the Petitioner Gerrard, not knowing the said Estate to be so high charged, did, on his Marriage with his Wife, agree to settle the same, with other of her own Estate, upon her, and her Issue; and have since had Two Sons, to whom the Petitioner is Guardian:

But the Profits of the Premises will never pay the Debts of Sibill, and the growing Interest will swallow up the whole Estate; so that it is conceived, by all Parties concerned, that a Sale thereof will most conduce to their Advantage: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to vest the Estate late, of Doctor Christopher Lowther in Trustees, in order to the Sale thereof, for Discharge of the Debts thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Sand ford and Sir Henry Liddall do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of William Freeman Esquire..... was pre- Caribb## seated to the House, and read; setting forth; That the Island*.

9 E Petitioners

Complaints Against Col. Codrington.

Lighting Passages of the Mouse.

Bights and

Privileges of the House.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Security of King's Person and Sue* cession.

75°

Petitioners were Owners, and of several Plantations in the jCaribfae &laftds, in America; Which they quietly enjoyed, when Christopher Codrington Esquire, ,the present chief Governor of the said Islands, arrived there; but, by several of his illegal Proceedings and Mis-governments, annexed to the Petition, the Petitioners are nqt only dispossessed of great Part of their Estates; but the rest also are thereby made precarious, and in Danger to be taken from them; and that most of the said Mia-governinents have, by Reference from the King, lain, for some time, before the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, without Redress: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

And Mr. Freeman yvas, called in to the Bar, to own the said Petition.

And he ow ned the Aame accordingly; and declared, That he would make good the Allegations thereof.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Bitrly, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Jos. Tredtnham, Mr. Bromley, Lord Chenie, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scobell, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Philips? Mr. Clark, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr, Farrtr, Mr. Ctffzce, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Rob. Bertie, Sir John Williams, Colonel Granville, Mr. Rowncy, Mr. R. Gulston, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Colchester, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Jennens, Mr Shackerly, Sir Tho. Hanmore, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Herne, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Brereton, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Coke, Mr. Moor, Mr. Owen, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Walpoole, Mr. Lorwther, Mr. Manley, Mr. Ja. Bertie, Mr. King, Mr. Owen, Mr. Papillon, Mr. St. John, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Edward Gulston, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Thompson; and all the Merchants; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers: And have Pow er to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations do lay before this House what Complaints have been made against Colonel Codrington; and what they have done thereupon.

Sir RoxclandGwyn acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee of Privileges and Elections to move the House, That some more Lamps, pr Lights, may be set up in convenient Places leading to, and in the Passages about, the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to give Notice to the proper Officer, That there be more Lamps, or Lights, set up in convenient Places leading to, and in the Passages about, the House, and the Streets leading the reunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-rtighi, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting' the current Coin of this Kingdom.

The Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, an/d all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; being read;

190 —

A. 1791.

iOrdertd, That the said Bill be now read the Thiol time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a1 Rider, to exempt the Quakers from the Oath in the Bill:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Persons who take upon them Offices, shall not depart from the Communion of the Church of England:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

'39'

,|iiber

JkcW

CoTfD

&cu<

UlU

Tredenham:

Tellers for the Noes, 203.

So it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment w>as proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. L. #. to insert " under God," before " intire* "ly:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made;

Pr. 3. L. 11. to leave out "or otherwise howsoever," in the Clause relating to Lawyers:

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative:

And the Bill w>as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir Lacan William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Preventing preventing Perjury, by making wilful Perjury, or Sub- ^"7' ornation of Perjury, in certain Cases, to be Felony: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Irish ing next, take into Consideration the Petitions and Re- Forfeitnm, ports relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And that the Trustees in Town be ordered tjien to attend this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Worn- Publick ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole AccounU* House upon the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of Pri- Privatun. vateers be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 20* die Feb'uarii;

Anno 14* Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Bill for enabling Trustees to Hindi sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, Esut*. in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, in the County of

Middlesex,

i4 W. III.

Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Hind, late of London, Goldsmith, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption in Election of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Coventry, be made upon Tuesday Morning next

A Petition of Stephen Soame, of Little Thurlow, in the County of Suff olk, and Dorothy his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Petitioners Intermarriage, certain Lands and Tenements, in the said County, were settled upon the Petitioners for Life; and, after, to their First and other Sons in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioner Stephen, and his Heirs; with a Power for the Trustees to raise 1,500l. for Daughters Portions, upon Deiault of Issue Male: That the Petitioners have Four Sons, and Two Daughters; but no Provision is made by the said Settlement for younger Children; and, by reason of the Earthquake at Smyrna, and other Misfortunes, the Petitioner Stephen is become in Debt, and incapable to provide for his Family, und pay his Debts, without the Help of an Act of Parliament for Sale of some Part of his Estate; to which his Wife, and her Trustees, are consenting: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of some Part of the Petitioners Estate, for Payment of Debts, and providing for younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Samuel Barnardhton and Sir Geroas Ehves do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of Dame Mary O'Neile, Relict of Sir Daniel O'Neile, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the rest of the Petitions relating to the said Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Richard Rooth Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in

Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

A Petition of John Butler Esquire, and Dame Cathar vine his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Alice Countess Dowager of Drogheda, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the said forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

A Petition of John Adams, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Dame Anne Stapleton, was presented to Vol. 13.

75»

the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Irish For-Ireland. feitures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

A Petition of Jasper Roth, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Patrick Allen Esquire was offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Countess of Drogheda, qn behalf of Helen Fleming, an Infant, only Child of the late Lord Slant, Grandson to the said Countess, was offered to the House; relating to the said forfeited Estates in Deland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of James Copinger Esquire was offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of John Chevers Esquire was offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Laurence Fitzgerald, of Clonings, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates.

A Petition of John Coghlan, Son and Heir of Terence Coghlan, late of Kincor, in the King's County, and Kingdom of Ireland\ was offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, And the Question being , put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Robert Molesworth Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of John Lord Haversham was offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the .,) 97-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Petition was brought up accordingly, and read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be

considered

2o° Februarii.

Ways and Mean?.

Attainting Wife of late King James.

Committees.

Salt Duties.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Caribbee

Islands.

O.

-21

752 20

considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

The House divided. '

The Yeas go forth.

f Mr. Drake, to Mr. Ash:

{ Sir Jo. Packington, to Major Halsey: ]l23.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Time of Day being now past for the receiving of the Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates; and there being yet several Petitions in the House, in the Hands of Members, to present; the same were, by Directions of the House, delivered into the Clerk at the Table.

Resolved, That no more Petitions, relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, be received, but those which have been now delivered in to the Clerk.

Ordered, That the said Petitions, delivered in to the Clerk, be offered to the House upon Monday Morning next, between the Hours of Eleven and One a Clock.

The House, according to Order,* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint Mary, late Wife of the late King James, of High Treason; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses rn the Salt Duties be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati9 21° die Februarii;

Anno 140 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Price, Mr. Sacheverall, Sir Henry Seymour, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Fran. JVarr, Colonel Luttei'dl, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of William Freeman Esquire is referred.

Februarii. A. 170.1.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a County Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the bgCa Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Newton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Newton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Roger Mostyn, according to Order, presented to the stanty House a Bill for the Settlement of some Lands and Tene- Estate, ments of Sir Tho. Stanley Baronet, for his Family's Benefit; and to enable him, in lieu thereof, to charge his Estate for Payment of his Debts: And the same was received.

Ordered, Thfft the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Bridges 1 explain and alter the Act, made in the Two-and-twen- Highway tieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause to explain, or repeal, the Act, made in the Tw enty-third Year of Queen Eliz. intituled, An Act for the re-edifying Cardiffe Bridge, in the County of Glamorgan.

Mr. Vaughan, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace, and Peace Deputy Lieutenants: And the same was received. ^C4ll0f-

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke, Sir Walter Yongey Colonel Rye Whart oily Mr. Smithy Mr. Lambton, be added to the*Iarbcari Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness is committed.

Mr. Lozimdes, according to Order, presented to the Apprcecei House a Bill to enable Robert Appreece the elder, and Estatf-Robert Appreece the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mastfnof whom the Petition of the Hoymen, Freeholders, and Hoyicw Fanners of the Counties of Kent and Essex w as referred, "g Probe made upon Monday Morning next. visi0ni*

Mr. Claytony according to Order, presented to the Woollen,*: House a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses MaDn& and Frauds of Persons employed in working upon the toia Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cox, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for vesting the Estate of William Matthews Gentle- Est& man, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Detoot House an Account of Debts due from several Receivers fe'ti and Collectors of the Customs; 0 Cu5ia

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Account is as follows; viz.

Debts

14 W. III. 2i° Februarii. 753

DEBTS due to his Majesty the 25 December 1701, per the respective Receivers in London; viz.

Sir John Show, on the General Receipt -

Ditto, on Wines - -

Hen. JVolstehkolm, on Plantation Goods - -

Henry Fern, Esquire, Receiver General ----- Michael Weeks, late Receiver -

Tho. Granger, ditto - -

The King's Remembrancer's Office, in the Exchequer, for Prosecution

Bonds. Mosey.

£. d. £ s. d.

- 75,659 4 ' if

6,945 0 2 97 3 6

- 43,973 14 4 881,548 5 6 *8,278 15 2 .8,473 11 iof

80 7 3f 540 0 9

44,412-10 10 /

£ 1,080,197 17 5 9,110 16 i§

DEBTS due to His Majesty the 25 December 1701, from the several respective Receivers of the Out Ports,

according to their Monthly Abstract; viz.

Bonds. Money.

£ 3. d. £. s. d.

Barnstaple - - - - Tho. Clinton - - - 1,302 16 11 4 96 9 10

Beaumaris - - - William Lewis - - - 168 15 7

Berw ick - - - Lionel Norman - - - - /

Boston - - - John Clark - - - 275 15 8 5 326 1 6 4

Bridgwater - - - - William Cornish - - - 2,090 15 9 94 17 114

Bristoll - - - John Sansum, Esquife - - 97,976 6 7 3>922 5 8 4

Bydiford - - - Rich. U stick - - - 6,612 16 8 4 473 3 4

Carlisle - - - Rich. Eaglefield - - - - 566 5 5

Chester - - - Tho. Tindall - - - 4,731 3 o* 606 18 2 f

Chichester - - - - Sam. Bincks - - - 80 8 9 4

Colchester - - - - James Bruce - - 77 6 34

Cowes - - - - Tho. Cole - -

Dartmouth - - - - Tho. Jenkinson - . - - 196 11 11 364 7 5

Deal - - Lancelot Whithall -

Dover . - - - Rich. Bretton - -

Exon - - - - Cha. Orchard . - -

Falmouth - - - - Geo. Spry -

Fexcrsham - - - - Nic. Matson ~ - - - 193 7 6

Forty - - - - John Dagg -

Harwich - - - - Rob. Meadows . - ' — - - 336 4 5

Hull - - - Hugh Mason - - - 2,653 8 9§ 200 0 0

Ipswich - - - Tho. Bridgman - -

Lancaster - - - Jos. Bentley - - - 4,f>39 17 3 496 16 8

Liverpool - - - - Ed. Scarborow - - - - 36,693 16 81 i,239 2 74

Loot - - - . John Braman -

Lyme - - . Peter Southwick - - - - 4i 11 3 32 0 7

Lynn - - - . John Kent - - - - 5,958 ® 9* 667 14 8f

Milford - - - Walter Middleton -

Minehead - - - - Tho. Wolstenholm - - - 453 15 8 134 10 2 4

Nervcastle - - _ - Robert Hebburne - - - 277 13 5 355 4 9*

Newhaoen - - - - Alex. Schobridg - - - - 211 n 4

Padstow - - - . Andr. Quick - - - 7 13 9

Penryn - - - - . Edm. Harry - - 61 12 8£ 100 8 10f

Penzance - - . _ John Williams -

Plymouth - - - Tho. Swanton - - - 4,649 13 5

Poole - - - - Geo. Saville - -

Portsmouth - - . John Weaver - - 305 6 9 i 290 19 7i

Poulton - - - Tho. Nosworthy - - 284 2 1 i 13 7 7 4

Rochester - - - . John Pope - - 66 1 3 84 18 4 4

Rye - - - - Geo. Shuckburg - - 226

Sandwich - - - Wm. Farnolls - - - 368 12 1 4

Southampton - - - - Adam Cardonnel -

Stockton - - - . Tho. Lawson - - - 3,201 18 if 17 3 31

Sunderland . - - _ Wm. Ettrick - - - 66 9 84

Swanzey - - - Alex. Trotter - - - 176 5 11i 306 19 3

Truro - - - - Nic. Sanders - - - 140 9 64

W^y mouth - - - Tho. Bower -

Whitby - - - - Geo. Macey - - - 13 7 6 29 12 54

Whitehaven - - - - Rich. Marshall - -

Yarmouth - - - - Tho. Clark -

1 . 172,073 12 2# 12,074 16 04

The Blanks of the several Collectors are not filled up; for that their Abstracts of December, nor the Month

of January, are not yet sent up.

Vo l. 13. 9 F With

Papers concerning Sir 11. Furnesse.

Privateers.

Bose a wens Nat

Salt

Duties.

754

3i* Februarii.

With the Solicitor of the Customs for Prosecution:

A. 1701.

Bonds. Money-

<m John Dut. Colt - s. d. 1,420 5 4 c 3,404 s. d. 0 5 i

- -5 Rob. Thorogood - m 4,221 17 oi

- Mich. Walford - - - 775 15 0

Wm. Dowthwait - 500 5 5 1,112 14

a James Smith - . - 292 6 3i

» Mark Wildbore - - 1,691 8 2

Lodowick Jackson - - - 2,610 3 8f

- Andrew Hudleston - m - 890 4 n {

L M,998 9 n i

f JBrief -ef Lymt

§ Sandwich ~ / Stockton -j Chichester «j 1 Harwich -/ Weymo

Whitehaven

Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lmcndes also, according to Order, presented to the House the last Contracts for circulating Exchequer Bills: And also,

Copies of Minutes concerning Sir Henry Furnesse. And the Titles thereof were read:

And the Minutes are as follow; viz.

Cockpit, Treasury Chambers, 14* June 1701, Forenoon. PRESENT.

Lord Godolphin, Sir Steph. Fox,

Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Sir Henry Furnesse, Sir James , John Heath-

tot t, and # Farmer; Esquires, to be Trustees for Circulation of Exchequer Bills.

Cockpit, Treasury Chambers, 140 November 1701, Forenoon. PRESENT.

Sit Stephen Fox, Mr. Chancellor,

Mr. Hill, Mr. Pelham.

Sir Henry Furnesse is called in.

He resigns his Place of Trustee for Exchequer Bills. These are true Copies of the Entries in the Minute Books of the Treasury. Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Contracts and Minutes be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Report from The Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Herny Furnesse do attend this House, in his Place, upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers Was read a Second time.

Besotted, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they may have Power to consider of the reducing the Duties upon all French Goods that shall be taken, and condemned, during a War, to such Proportion as may be for the Encouragement of Privateers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frahklyn and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Charlotte the Wife of Hugh Esquire, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties was, according to Drder, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the Flouse.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R. Holt, Comptroller General.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Lords and Gentlemen of the County Salt Palatine of Chester, and the Grand Jury at the Quarter Sessions for the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the clandestine Use of Rock Salt in Specie; the selling foreign Salt by Measure; the Advantages given in Weight, and Drawback Bonds; and by other Allowances, which the Brine Salt wants; the Petitioners very sensibly find the Ruin of the Brine Manufacture, the Beggaring of many thousand Families, who, before these Frauds, got a comfortable Subsistence: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, for the general Encouragement of the Brine Salt Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the whole House.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take in»h into Consideration the Petitions and Reports, relating to Forfeiture*, the forfeited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House the last Parliament:

And the Two Trustees in Town attending, according to Order; 0

They were called in:

And the Petition of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossery; with the Report, of the Trustees in Town thereupon; and the Report of all the Trustees; and also, tho Clause, relating to the said Lady, in the Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in the Trustees;- being read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the making more effectual the Clause in the said Act, for the Benefit of the said Baroness of Upper Ossery.

The Petition of Thomas Earl -of Limerick', and the Report of the Trustees in Town thereupon; and the Report of all the Trustees; and -also the Clause in the said Act, relating to the said Earl of Limerickbeing read; and also,

The Petition of Henry Westenra Esquire, in behalf of himself, and several other Purchasers, under the Earl of Athlone, of the forfeited Estates of the late Earl of Limerick; and the Trustees Report thereupon; being also read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Time for the Earl of Limerick to put in his Claim; or make his Election for taking the Eight thousand Pounds designed to him by the said Act.

The Petition of Captain James Roche; and the Report of the Trustees in Town thereupon; and the Report of aH the Trustees; and also, the Clause in the Act, relating to the said Captain Roche; t>eing read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the Clause-in the said Act, in favour of the said Captain James Roche.

The Petition of Francis de la Rue Esquire; and the Report of the Trustees in Town thereupon; and the Report of all the Trustees; and also the Clause in the Act, relating to the said Francis de la Rue; being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the Lands, granted to the said Francis de la Rue, in the

Trustees

Fin

v

iiUtt

fctm

Afjajr

Cl.

5I 0}

n

at

*e

a,

fc;

k-

rf

Filmer*

Estate.

Appreese's

Estate.

Address presented.

13 W. III.

2i° — 23° Februarii.

755

Way* and Meant.

Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the Be- Adams, deceased, Father of the said Infants, in and by nefit of the said Francis de la Rue, and his Wife and his Marriage Settlement, and not executed by him in his Children; Life-time, was read a Second time.

Jt passed in the Negative. ' Resolved, That the Bill be committed

A Petition of John Burk, commonly called Lord Bophin, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. , Sir WdR- Vottftg,

in liehalf of himself, his Wife, and their Nine infant Chil- Sir Henry Sir Mr. 'Iwpv, Mr.

dren; and the Report of the Trustees in Town thereupon; Alo Mr Mr. St. Loe, Mr. lf:ralpo(e, Mr. and also, the Report of all the Trustees; being read; Drake, Sir Rickards, Mr. BlaJa^ Sir

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Arth. Owen, Mr. Sir IVm. St. Quintiq, Mr.

making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl Harvey, Mr. Milton, Mp. Sheppard, Mr- Clark, Mf* of C iccard, and the Lord Bophin. Scobell, Sir Fran. Mr. Robert Price, Mf*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Colchester, Mr Mr. Far; and all that sprvp

Morning next, proceed further in the Consideration of for the County of Salop and North Wales: And they are the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's and the Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees, now Chambers, in Town, do then attend.

Mr. from the Commissioners of Trade and Caribbe*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Plantations, presented to the House their Ans wer to the Island#* whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further Order of the iqth Instant; relating to Colonel

of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then Morning,

the House adjourned Nine a Clock.

till Monday

with several Papers concerning him, and Schedules of them:

The Titles whereof were read.

And the Schedules are as follow; viz.

A List of Papers relating to Mr. Freeman's Case:

N* i. A Copy of an Order of Council, of the 18th of — December 1701, referring to the Commissioners for Ti ade

Lunet, 25* die Februarii} and Plantations the Petition of Mr

.. lating to the Manor of (jodwyn, in ot. Christophers:

Anno 14 Wilhelmi Tertn. 2 Copy of Mr. Freemans Patent for the Manor of

Prayers. Godwin, in the Island of St. Christophers, dated 8 August

AP ETITT ON of Susanna Fdmer, Widow and Ad- 1 ^99:

ministratrix of Thomas Filmer Esquire, deceased, on Copies of the Affidavits of John Goodwyn, and

behalf of herself, and Susanna and Mary, her Daughters, JCm. Mead, relating to John being in the Pos-

only Daughters and Co-heirs of the said Thomas Filmer, session of the Manor of for Mr. Freeman; and

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That oftlis being turned out thereof; also of the Warrant for the Petitioner's late Husband died suddenly, without the Commitment of the said Pogson; with his Petition to making a Will, Settlement, or other Provision, for his

Family; only a Bond entered into by him, before Marriage, for leaving his said Wife Three Thousand Pounds; and loft an Estate, consisting of Lands in Fee-simple, much incumbered; and was otherwise much indebted to other Persons; so that, unless some speedy and effectual Care be taken, the Interest of the Debts, and Law Charges, will cat up the w hole Estate: That the Petitioner is willing to relinquish a considerable Part of her said Debt, so as her Children may have some further certain Provision made them out of their Father's Estate, and the Residue be applied for the Payment of all her Husband's Debts; which, she hopes, will then be sufficient for that Purpose, or very near it: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the real Estate of the said Thomas Filmer in Trustees, to be sold, for making some

certain Provision for die Petitioners; and applying the

the General for Relief:

4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. James Taylor to Mr. Pogson, about the Two Justices of the Peace, who dispossessed the said Pogson of the Manor of Godwin; with a Deposition of Mr. Mead; relating the reunto:

5. Copy of a Memorial from Mr. Hutcheson, in Answer to Mr. Freeman's Petition, relating to the Manor of Godwin, in St. Christophers:

6. Copy of a Second Memorial from Mr. Hutcheson, in Answer to Mr. Freemans Complaint, relating to the Manor of Godwin, in St.

7. Extract of the Minutes of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, of the22d and 30th of December 1701; and of the 6th of January, and 561 February, 1701-2; relating to Mr. Freeman's Case:

8. Copy of a Representation of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon Mr. Freeman's Case,

Residue, and his personal Estate, for the Payment of his dated the 5th February 1701-2.

Debts; and for the settling such Debts as shall be controverted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. liarcourt and Mr. Carter do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill to enable Robert Apprccse the elder, and Robert Apprecse the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Address of Thanks to his Majesty, for his gracious communicating to this House the Addresses he had received from Ireland, hath been presented to his Majesty.

relating to Mr. Mead and Mr.

A List of Papers

Shipman's Case:

N° 1. Copy of an Order of Council, of the 18th of December 1701, referring, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, the Petition of Mr. Mead,

relating to Two Plantations, called Haneys Plantations, in Nevis:

2. Copy of an Order of Council, of the 18th of

December 1701, referring, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, the Petition of Mr. Ship-

man, &c. relating to Two Plantations, called Haneys Plantations, in Nevis:

3. Copy of a Memorial from Mr. Hutcheson, in Answer to the Petitions of Mr. Mead and Mr. Shipman, &c. relating to Two Plantations in

4. Copy of a Letter trom Mr. Iiufchescn, relating to

the Petitions of Mr. Mead and Mr. &c.:

5. Copy of Proceedings of the Governor in Chief.

Adams' A Bill for vesting the Estate of Richard Adams, an In- and Council, of on the 6th of September 170J

Estate. sent, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Eight hundred relating to Mr. Mead's Appeal:

Pounds, for the Maintenance and Portions of William and 6. Extract of the Miuutes of the Commissioners for

Elizabeth Adams, Infants, the Brother and Sister of the Trade and Plantations, of the 23d and 31 December aid Richard, pursuant to the Power reserved to Willia 1701-2, and of the 7U1 and 13610! January, and 12 and

Vol. 13. >3*

756

23° Febru.

1701

Mbsters of Hoys carrying Provisions.

Roger Jones, and //ij/er,

said. That they have been frequently obliged to take Coc-quets, and give their Bonds below, when they have not brought above 60 Quarters of Corn; nay, when they have'brought but 20 or 15 Quarters, they have been obliged so to do; '

And that, notwithstanding the y have made good Returns from the Custom-house here to the Ports below, to be annexed to their Bonds, according to the Conditions thereof; yet, upon the Officers returning their Bonds up to the Exchequer, they have Process issued out against them; and have thereupon been forced to take out fresh Bonds, or be prosecuted; and, upon such Prosecutions, have been put to or 5 Charge; although their Returns were duly delivered to the Officers below, who make use of so slight a Way of annexing the Returns to the Bonds, only by a Bit of Thread through Two Pin-holes at the Edge of the Bond, whereby the Returns are often lost; and, when the Officer pleases, it is but paring off the Edges of the Bond, and then there remains no Sign that the Returns were affixed; whereby the Obligors, though they have duly performed the Bonds, become liable to the Exchequer Prosecutions: To prevent which, they must, at least, renew their Returns; which some- times cost them 17 or i8«. notwithstanding their duly clearing their Goods before.

Tho. Soccutg said, That they usually make their Voyages once a Week, or in a Fortnight at furthest; and are forced to take Cocquets every Voyage, which generally costs them 11 s. besides the Danger of their Returns being not annexed to their Bonds; and so are liable to Prosecutions; which proves a great Grievance to them, and a Discouragement to their Employment.

Christopher Cast ell said, That, 2j Years ago, they mm u.<u me ljui use(i constantly to bring their Corn from Feversham, and Fairfax"Sir /Lnry 7)u7ton Colt?Sir Evnc^BMe^id only, for which they then paid

Mr.'Williams, do nrenare. and brimr in the said Bill. b.ut °ne , Sh, U‘n8 and Six-pence below, and Six-pence

above, when they delivered their Corn; but they are now forced to pay Three Shillings and Six-pence, and sometimes for the same.

13th Feb. 1701-2; relating to the Case of Mr. Mead, Mr. Shipman, See.:

7. Copy of a Representation of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon the Case of Air.

Mr. Shipman, &e. February 5th 1701-2.

A List of the Papers relating to Captain 's

Petition:

N° 1. Copy of an Order of Counsel of the 18th December 1701, referring, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, the Petition of Captain Norton, late Lieutenant Governor of St. Christophers, complaining of Colonel Cod ring-tons Proceedings against him:

2. Extract of the Alinutes of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, of the 23d and 31st of December 1701, relating to Captain s Petition.

The Answer, and Papers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Answer, and Papers, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wm. Freeman Esquire is referred.

Damasking A Petition of Thomas Ferrers, and several others, was Stuff*. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That

the Petitioners are Assignees of a Patent granted 70 Wil-lielmi to Tho. Mathews and Tho. Ferrers, for damasking and fixing Colours on Stuffs and Cloth; and, by Six Years Expence, have greatly improved the said Invention; so that now they can raise and imboss on all Stuffs and Cloths various Flowers and Figures, with Shades of all Colours; to the great Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of the said Invention.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Fairfax, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir Francis Blake, a Mr. Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Richard Stevens said, That, when he has been permitted to bring his Corn by Transires below, the Officers

Mr. Brevi er, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Iloymen, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the Counties of Kent and Essex,

was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, toge- u Bin,u - . r,

ther with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; though he had not *»nv hit' vTp oc<^u, j an.

which they had directed him to report to the House d""SW, 5E.penmt, b,"

l: u u ij 1 t>i , M , . , . clear ms Vessel; which the Petitioners presume to be a

which he read ,n htt Place; and towards delivered m great Hardship tl con5jderitJthe Encourage-

at the Cerks Table: Where tire stone were read; and eut of Ulc. la£ of Pari|amclU for transportalio, rof

are as follow; viz. Corn, ground or unground, Duty-free:

That the Petitioners, in order to prove the Allegations of their Petition, produced several Witnesses: Who gave their Testimony as follows:

Richard Gurney, John Burge Joshua Fleet, said,

That they are willing to be obliged to take out sires; and that their Lading may be inspected; and will give Bonds yearty, as Security, for the true Discharge of their Goods; which they hope, will answer equally their

Tha they know, that the Petitioners Trade and Employ- Security to the Government, and free them from the fre-ment is to carry Corn and Hops from Kent and Luex quest and precarious Disturbances and Prosecutions that to serve the City of Londonr; and that there is seldom have befallen t|,c,n flom t|leir oUi,ed [0 teke Coc-any Voyages made by the Petitioners, but they are on quets> and enteiin into on,. for the privale Ad.

board of more or less of their Hoys; and never saw any yantBge 0(- some fcw persons iu th' Custom-house, and the Exchequer.

customable Goods aboard them.

Maurice Atkins: That, about Thirty Years ago, it was usual to bring Com from Sandwich to London only by Transires, without giving any Bonds, or taking out

Cocquets; those Matters having been imposed upon them since that time; and used them to pay for their Transires is. 2d. apiece: But that now they arc forced to take Cocquets, and enter into Bonds; for which they pay 5 s. 6 d.at the Port where they lade; and 3 s. for put-

ting the same into the Custom-house; before they can have the Lord Mayor's Bill to deliver their Goods; and 6 d. for their Return, to be annexed to the Bond, when they go back to the Port where their Bonds lie.

Richard Rogers said, That, when he brings a Hundred Quarters, or above, of Corn from Esses, he is forced to take a Cocquet, and give Bond to the Collector of the Customs below; for which he must pay there 7 s* 2 and 2$. 6 d.for putting the same into the Custom-house;

and 2 s.6 d.more for taking out his Return from thence; and 4 d.more below, to annex such Return to the Bond.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations in their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Ijeave to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London: And that Mr. Brewer and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Holies, Sir Francis Blake, Mr.

Kinaston, Mr. Shepherd, Mr -.WalpMr. Drake, Mr.

Richards, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brevvr, Mr. Milton, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Ash, be added to

i4 W. III.

43° Febfuarii.

751

the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain or alter the put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be Act, made in the Two-anil-twentieth Year of King Henry considered with the other Petiiioris relating to the said the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of forfeited Estates;

Caribbee

ltlttiaU*

A Person ordered to attend.

Bridges in the Highways, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir HIttiam Quint in, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Co.i, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Walter Sir

lhlles, Sir dm. Bloys, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr.

Yates, Mr. Marks, Sir Thp. Hales, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Dormer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of IV'dliam Freeman Esquire is referred.

1;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That John Woodman, of Afabnsbury, who was ordered to be summoned

to attend the House, in order to his being examined, is forfeited Estates in Ireland;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Robert King, Thomas James

Hamilton, and John Henderson, waS presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lip upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of James Mulony, of the City of Dublin, Bookseller, being offered to the House; relating to the

BonkofCom* fcitissioners t>f Prizes.

Irish

torteitare*.

come to Town.

Ordered, That the said John Woodman do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Books and Accounts, which have been laid before this House by the Commissioners of Prize?) be transmitted to the Commissioners of Accounts.

The House proceeded, according to Order, upon the Petitions in relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And several of those, who had been delivered to the Clerk, were offered to the House, as follow;

The Petition of Patrick Magand Pierce Nugent,

in behalf of themselves, and their Wives, the Sisters and Co-heirs of Thomas Lycister Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a. Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Petition of Bartholometc Nagle being offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland;

And a Motion being made, anti the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Petition of William Caulfield Esquire, being offered to the House; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland',

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That EdmundSansum, Edward Brown, John Persons in Wyat, and Joseph Hancock, in Custody of the Serjeant at Custody to Arms, be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in j£e ll order to their Discharge.

Considered with the other Petitions forfeited Estates;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

relating to the said

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they'had (38. directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 88. Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

The Petition of William Fanshaw, in behalf of himself, That a Duty be laid upon Malt

Tellers for the Yeas,[^"' C"fa>

Tellers for the Noes C°"'

So it passed in the Negative.

s

iand his Son-iri-Law Agmondisham Vesey Esquire, and Anne

and Henrietta Vesey, Infants, Grandchildren and Heirs of William Sarsfield Esquire, was presented to the 1 louse,

and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

The Petition of William Slice was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in

Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with tire other Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative.

The Petition of Dame Catharine Dowdall, Widow and Relict of Sir Luke. Dmcdall Baronet, iu behalf of herself, and her Seven Children, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do' agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Duty be laid upon Malt.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be made To-morro\V Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the Mouse, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nd\t, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to fconsider further of Ways and Means lor raising the

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered with the other Petitions relating to the said Supply granted to his Majesty, forfeited Estates;

It passed in the Negative;

The Petition of Richard Warburton, of the King's

County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the forfeited Instates in Ireland:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

V 9Sm, 1

Committee*.

14:

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bribery Bribery at and Corruption in Election of Members to serve in Par- Elections, liament be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

9 G Ordered,

Ring's french and Fleet Prisons*

Public Money in Agents Hands.

Melcomb-

Regis

Election.

Salt Duties.

Gowtr's

Estate.

758 23° — 24 Februarii.1701:

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And theu the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis., 24* die Februurii;

Anno 14* Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETIT ION of Colonel Buchan was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being Colonel of a Regiment of Foot, made Mr. William Graham his Agent; who, and, by his Order, Mr. Godfrey Webster, Nath. Waterhouse, and Mr. Nord-wick, have each of them gotten great Sums of the publick Money belonging to the said Regiment into their Hands, tmd refuse to give the Petitioner an Account thereof: And

?raying, That their Accounts may be examined, and the 'etitioner relieved concerning the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners for examining, stating, and taking, the publick Accounts: And that they do examine and state the Matter of Fact to the House.

A Petition of Michael Harvey Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Antony Henley Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcomb-Regin the County of Dot'set: And the said Mr. Henley, or his Agents, by Bribes and Entertainments, did procure divers Electors to vote for him, in Wrong to the Petitioner, and the Inhabitants of the said Borough: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the clandestine Use of Salt Rock in Specie; the Sale of foreign Salt by Measure; the Advantages given in Weight and Drawback Bonds; and the various Opportunities of Fraud in the Exportation of it, and imposing it on the Buyer for Brine Salt; the Petitioners are very sensible of the Ruin of the ancient Brine Manufacture; to the Decay of the Revenue upon Salt, and many Thousands, who got a Livelihood thereby: And praying, That the House will apply such Remedies, as may be for the general Encouragement of the Brine Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in die Salt Duties is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gwyn, and Sir Hemy Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for the rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, Whitby the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Harbour. Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir St.

Quintin, Mr. Serjeant WhitakerMr. Masters, Mr. Clayton, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Bridges,

Sir Tho. Delavall, Sir Henry Liddall, Sir J Clayton, Sir

Wm. Hustler, Mr. C<tsar, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Dormer,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Owen, Mr. Thompson, Sir Rob. Fagg,

Mr. Cor, Sir Arth. Owen, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fagg, Sir

Cha. Blais, Mr Harris, Mr. Hysham, Sir

Mr. Bridges, Lord Russell, Mr. Lambton, Mr. York, Mr.

Gulston, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Markes, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Heathcot, Sir Fra. Massam, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Burton,

Sir John Turner, Sir Phil. Sidenham, Mr. Nicolas, Mr.

Mitford; and all that serve for the Counties of York, . Durham, Northumberland, and the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Maltsters of the Town of Malt Duty,

in the County of Southampton, relating to the Duty laid

upon Malt, being offered to the House;

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace, and Deputy Justice* of Lieutenants, was read the First time. Peace Qua*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, location.

A Petition of the Vice Chancellor, Masters, and Cam Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, as also of the Navigation. Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Rivers running from Cambridge to King's Lynn heretofore were great and navigable Streams for Barges and Vessels; whereby the said University, and Parts adjacent, were well served with Coals, Fish, Salt, and other Commodities, at reasonable Rates; but, for want of sufficient Banks, Stanks, and Sluices, for keeping up the Water in the shallow Places, the said River, in divers Places between Cambridge, and a Place about Seven Miles below, called Clayhive, is so silted, and grown up, that the said Navigation will be wholly lost, if not timely prevented: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing and digging the Shallows of the Rivers running from the University and Town of Cambridge to King's Lynn; and for making and erecting Sluices, and other Engines, on the said River; whereby the Navigation and Commerce of the said Town may be recovered and preserved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir John Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of William Gower Esquire, and Helen his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That upon the Petitioners Intermarriage, a Settlement was made of a Moiety of the Manor of Atting-ham, in Com Salop, which lies remote from Mr. Gower's other I^tate; and will be much for the Petitioners Benefit that the same be sold; and a Farm, called Sclly-hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of St. John, in Bedwardin, Com' Worcester, of better Value, be settled to the like Uses as the said Shropshire Lands; the surviving Trustees, and all Parties concerned, being desirous that the same may be done: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of;

and for settling the said Lands in Worcestershire, of better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

3

Ordered, That Mr. Gulston, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Caribbe* Seymour, Mr. Harley, Mr. Price, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Islands. Francis War, Mr. Sacheverall, Mr. Newton, Mr. Conyers, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Freeman Esquire is referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to I'nwhol-whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assist- sorae Brui" ants, of the Company of Distillers of London, on behalf dles' of themselves, and others, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Newton reported, from the Committee of the whole Counterfeit-Hodse, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made ‘"g Coin-

in

atHou1

h*\ and

14 W. III. 240 Februarii.

759

in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and all of them, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; except,

Clause B, to take off the Benefit of Clergy from such as shall steal the Silver and Coin at the Mint, after their Conviction of the Felony, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Rights and Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of have

Privilege* of Leave to make a Motion, it being about Two a ( lock, the House. Accordingly the Lord Marquis of moved

for an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, who are, upon Thursday next, to consider further of the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Rights and Liberties of all the Commons of England.

Fumesse is very ill, and not able to attend the House this Day, as ordered; but that he would attend as soon as he is able.

Ordered, That the examining into the Execution of the Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in Trustees be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning: And that the Trustees in Tow n do then attend this House.

Edmund Sansum, Edward Brown, John and Persons re-Joseph Hancock, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, j^d^lis-C were, according to Order, brought to the Bar, in order charged, to their Discharge: Where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Edmund Sansum, Edward Brawn, John Wayte , and Joseph , be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

The House being informed, That Mr. persons or-

and John Woodman, of Malmsbury, attended, accord- dered to at-

ing to Order; tend-

Ordered, That the said Mr. G, and John Woodman, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to their being examined.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act pun:$hing for punishing Officers and Soldiers that shall mutiny or Mutiny and desert in England or Ireland, without any Amendments, insertion.

tVays and Means.

Attendance

excused.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for r.vi-'ng the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they tiad directed him to report to the House; which lie reau in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the ClnVs Tabic: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty upon Malt be Six-pence per Bushel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be granted to his Majesty from the Ninth of March One thousand Seva n hundred and One, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon all Mum made or imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be after the Rate of Tew Shillings per Barrel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Mum be granted to his Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, to be paid by the Retailer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be after the Rate of Four Shillings per Hogshead.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Three.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question se.orally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cowper, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Sir Henry; and a Certificate from the Doctor and Apothecary, That Sir Henry

Vo l. 13.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Security of for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Per-Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and Su#*

extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; with some Amendments: To which uey desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Older, reported. Coventry from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Election. Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Coventry, and the Resolutions a the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Upon the double Return of Sir Charles Hales, and Henry Neal Esquire, to servo for the City of Coventry; and also upon the several Petitions of Sir Christopher Hales, and Mr.; and of Two other Petitions of Electors pro ct contra:

That there were, upon the Poll,

For Sir Christopher Hales - - 777

For Mr. Hopkins - - - - 771

For Mr. Neale - 754

For Mr. Gery - - - - 615

That the Counsel for Sir Christopher Hales insisted,

That the Right of Election was in the Freemen of Coventry not receiving Alms, or Charity.

The Counsel for Mr. Neale insisted, That the Right was in all Freemen, whether they received Alms or no.

And the Committee, having heard what was alleged on both Sides, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Freemen of Coventry receiving Alms, or Charity, have no Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

That it was agreed by the Counsel on both Sides, That no Person could be a Freeman of Coventry, but by serving Seven Years Apprenticeship, within the City of Coventry, to one and the same Trade.

That the Counsel for Sir Chr. Hales alleged, That they should take off several that had polled for Mr. Neale-, and should prove ill Practices by Mr. and his

Agents.

That

Coventry

Election.

>]6d

That the First Head of Exceptions hgainst Mr. Neal s Voters, was, to such as they alleged to be no Freemen: <And they excepted to, and gave Evidence Against, art Hundred and Ten Piersons, who voted for Mr. Neale, as not being free; to Hugh Bucknall, as having polfed twice; and to Jos. Smith, as under Age.

That tire next Head of Exceptions Sir Chr. Hales' Counsel proceeded on, was, of Persons in Hospitals.

And they excepted 16, and gave Evidence against, Twenty-two Persons, as being in Hospitals.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, Two Persons, as receiving the Countess of Devonshire's Gift, that is 105. apiece, disposed to them the Tenth March One thousand Seven hundred.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, Ten Persons, as receiving Sir Tho. White's Gift) which is 40$. apiece, disposed to them the same Day.

That they also excepted to, arid gave Evidence against, Nine Persons, as receiving Sir Tho. Whites Loans; which is a Loan Of Money, without Interest, from 10 to 40/. apiece.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, Nine Persons, as receiving Mr. Wheatlys Gift, which is 30 apiece, disposed of to several Tradesmen on the Sixteenth of December last.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence Against, Eighteen Persons, as receiving Mr. Jessm's, Mr. Clark's, or Mr. Bohn ns Gift, being 205. or under, apiece, disposed the Two-and-twentieth December last; and to Three others, who received 40 s. apiece* that were Mr. Jcsson s Relations.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, Six Persons, , as receiving 3/. apiece, to put out their Sons Apprentices; which was paid the Two-and-twentieth December last.

That they also excepted to* and gave Evidence against, Eight others, as having received, or being promised, other Loan Money* in the Disposition of the Council^ house: But it did not appear when it was received; and Five of them had not received the Money.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against. Thirty-six Persons, as having received Parish Relief.

That they also gave Evidence, as td Seven, That they were Freemen of Coventry, and would have polled for Sir Chr. Hales, and Mr. Gery, and were refused; which, the Counsel insisted, ought to be added to Sir Chr. Hales' Poll.

That the Counsel for Sir Chr. Hales also insisted, That there were several indirect Practices by Mr. Neak9 and his Agents: And, to that, they called several Witnesses:

Mr. Edward Hales said, That he came to Town a Fortnight before the Election: That he went to several People in Coventry, and found several Reports against Sir Chr. Hales: Amongst the rest, there was one, promoted by Mr. Tongue, a Nonconformist Minister, That Sir Christopher had vindicated the French Kings Honour in proclaiming the pretended Prince of Wales: And Mr. Hales said, lie charged Mr. Tongue with it: And Mr. Tongue told him, He had it from Mr. Palmer of Leicestershire: But Mr. Hales said, He could not say, that Mr. Tongue endeavoured.....Votes for Mr. Neale.

Mr. John Betinet said, That Alderman Snell asked him for his Vote for Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Neale: And that Alderman Snell said, He w as glad the last Parliament was dissolved; for otherwise we should have been brought under the French Power, and of the Priride of Wales; and that in a little time the Black List would come out.

John Ward said, That the Night before the Election 6f Knights of the Shire for the County of Wanvick, Adrian Owen came to Warwick, and sent for him to the Three Tuns, and asked him why lie would be for Sir Chr. Hales; and if he had not seen the Black List; and hid one Tar to pull it out of his Pocket: Which Fox did, and read it to him: He said, He did not pay for w hat he bad at that time; That they looked upon Sir Chr. as

A. I I;

disaffected: Weird said, He polled fdr Sir Chr. Hatty and Mr, Hopkins.

Sam. Bryan said. That Josiah Allen told him, a little before the Election', That he had been wrriting Black Lists; and Alderman Owen promised to pay him: But the said Bryan acknowledged, He did not see any Lists.

Rich. Clever said; That Mr. Oadham, Alderman Diston, Clements, and Stephen Smith, came to their House with Black Lists; and he heard Sir Chr. Hah named i But his Landlord said, He would not read it over, because it was Lyes.

John Gouge said, That he heard Alderman Snell say, That they would poll their Men twice or thrice, but they would have it: That Alderman Snell endeavoured to gain Votes for Mn Hopkins and Mr. Neale.

Tho« Smith said, That Alderman Owen told him; If he would not give them both their. Votes, there would be no Occasion for a Licence for his House.

Abraham Nexvcomb said, He was in Joseph Bishop i House; And Alderman Carter spoke to Bishop's Wile, for her Husband's Vote, her Husband not being at Home: And, the Woman answering, her Husband had promised One Vote, Alderman Carter said, What Mill you do; if I take away your Licence? Look to it.

Tho. Wright skid, That one John Parker had promised his Vote for Sir Chr. Hales; and, before the Election* he went to him; But he Said, He could not be as good as his Word; for he had given a Bond of 40/. touching his selling of Drink; and Mr. Owen and Mr. Snell de*» clared* If he did not vote for Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Neale, they would sue the Bond.

William Betson said, He polled for Sir Chn Hales, and Mr. Hopkins: And, coming from the Poll, Alderman John Snell told him, He lived by the Church and Steeple; and was a busy Rascal; and he would turn him out.

Tho. Thompson said, That he was 'tenant to the City: And the City Bailiff' desired his Vote for Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins; and threatened, if he did not, he should be turned out*

John Wedgworth said, That he was Tenant, to the City, of a House: And Mi4. Cooke the Bailiff told him, His Landlords desired his Vote for Mr. Neale: And the said Wedgwoi'ih telling the said Cooke, That he had disposed of his Vote; the Bailiff said to him, Do whai you will, but you may chance to be turned but of your House: John Wedgworth said, He voted for Sir Chr. Hales, and Mr. Hopkins; and afterwards went to Alderman Diston, to sign his Bill for publick Work done by him; and he bid him go to Sir Chr. Hales.

Catesby Oadham said, There is a Gift of Thirty Shillings apiece to several poor Men, in the Disposition of the Aldermen; and the Disposition of this Charity was put oft'till after the Election,

Edw. Bosworth and Tho. Creaner said, That Alderman William Snell, and his Maid, went, with Two poor Men, about the Town; and gave Bread, in a partial manner, to those that polled for Mr. Neale and Mr. Hopkins<

John Judd and Anne Judd said, That Alderman Owen and Alderman Snell asked him for his Vole: And, he said, He had promised Sir Chr. Hales: And, thereupon, the said John Judd having been promised some Loan-money, but could not find Security, one Moor offered to take the Money arid find Security, and allow Judd 4 /. if he w ould vote for Mr. Hopkins.

Samuel Worster said, That be had promised Sir Chris-topfier Hales his Vote: And that Iienry Waring gave him Five Shillings to vote for Mr. Neale and Mr. Hopkins: And lie said, He and some others were treated by Mr. Edward Given and Mr. Richard Barnes, on account of his voting for Mr. Neale and Mr. Hopkins; but he could not say it was by their Order: And that one Robert Slim acknowledged, He had received 205. of Alderman Owen, after the Election was over; and had a Promise of 20/. more,

12 Rid

4° Februarii.

by

i4 w. lit. 24 FebrUartu jSt

Rich. Hall said, That Joseph Dykcvoted for Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins; and said, He durst not do otherwise, because he owed Mr. Diston Money: And Dyke said, Afterwards he received 5 s.

Henry Marler said, That Alderman Owen told him, If he would vote for Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins, he would give him some Money at Christmas: That he voted for Sir Christ. Hales and Mr. Gery, and had no Money j but Alderman Owen said, He would stick on his Skirts.

Jos. West said, He was treated, with others at th£ Gaol, at the time of the Election: That he voted for Mr. Neal\ on account of 30 s. promised him; but he acknowledged it was not paid him, because, as he was told, he was not for Mr. Neal in his Heart.

Edward Lister said, His Brother was in some Trouble about some Money his Brother owed: And Mr. Snell said, If he would vote for Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins, his Brother should have his Liberty; and, if any Trouble came of it, he would pay the Debt: That his Brother was arrested, and made his Escape.

John JVardand Tho. IVird concurred with the Evidence of Edward Lister; and said, That Listet and his Son polled for Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins: And that Snell told Thomas Ward, His Business was done: And the Bailiff afterwards said, He had nothing against him.

John Barton said, That he was a Servant to Aldermait Cater's Son, and looked to his Horse; and did design to vote for Sir Chr. Hales: But Alderman Cater, and his Wife, said, If he did not vote for Mr. Neale and Mr. Hopkins, he should turn out: And that they gave him Qs. at Christmas.

Eleanor Ellen said, That her Husband received a Letter to this Effect; That he had a fair Opportunity to come down to the Poll, to get Money to pay his Debts: And that he came down; and, after the Election, received 20 s.

lVilliam Brooks said, He designed to be for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery: And had 5 s. given him, by Waring of Brommingham, not to come and poll; but, in fact, he polled for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery.

Ben. IVclton said, That Thomas Peak voted for Sir Chr Hales and Mr. Gery; and was put down for Sir CAr. Hales and Mr. Neale: And that, an Objection being made to one Packwood, Mr. Edw. Owen said, They would poll him, right or wrong: They had a Thousand Pounds of their Side:

And that, on Friday, the last Day of the Election, the BaY was full of Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins' Men; and they desired to examine them: But Sheriff Owen said, He knew them, and would poll them at his Peril: And Mr. Edwdrd Owen told Mr. Gery, at the time of the Poll, He w as a pitiful little Fellow.

Nathanael Knight gave the like Evidence as to Polling of Packwood.

Wm.Denham and Hen. Wdimer said, That Sheriff Owen fetched in one Thomas Keeling, a Stranger, by the Hand, to poll.

Richard Hull said, That Mr. Hopkins, and the Under Sheriff, came to them, and desired his Vote: That he, the said Hull, told him, he had no Vote: And this time Mr. Hopkins gave him Six-pence, and bid him be true to him; and said, He would be a further Friend to him: And that he went to the Bar, and came back without

!)olling: And Mr. Hopkins came to him, and said, He md spoke to the Sheriff, not to deny his Poll; and then he went and polled for Sir Christopher Hales and Mr. Gery.

Sam. Walker said, Sheriff Owen gave him a Slap on the Face, because, as he said, he spoke to one that was giving his Poll.

Mr. Wright said, That he was Inspector of the Poll for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery: And Sheriff Collins bid a Man pull him back: And one Launder struck him over the Breast, as he w as getting over the Bar into his Place.

James Lunn said, That the Under Sheriff Owen said* VOL. IJ.

If Sir Christopher Hales had it, it should be the dearest Coventry Thing he had in his Life: And said, he would not make Election, an Interest for Sir Chr. Halcsf or any Man that should vote with the Rogue Seymour.

Mr. Edward Hales was called, as to the casting up the Poll, and the demanding of a Scrutiny: Who gave an Account, That the Poll was closed on Friday: That, on Saturday Morning, the Books were ca9t up, and the Majority fell on Sir Chr. Hales: That, a Scrutiny being demanded on behalf of Mr; Neale, it began on Monday, and was carried on several Days; Mr. Hales 9aid, That he had attended on behalf of his Brother, but not by any Order from him: That, afterwards, Sir Chr. Hales appeared, and would have bfegun their Scrutiny again; saying, He was not bound by what his Brother did; which was refused him: And then the Sheriff declared the Majority of qualified Voices to be for Mr. Neale: However, in regard of the Shortness of Time, he said, tte would make a double Return.

That the Counsel for Mr. Neale insisted, That they would justify most of their Votes excepted to; and that the same Persons were excepted to on several Heads That they' w ould disqualify many that voted for Sir Chr.

Hales; and prove ill Practices by him, or his Agents.

And accordingly they offered to justify, and gave Evidence to prove, the Freedom of about Sixty-three Persons of the One hundred and Ten endeavoured to be disqualified as no Freemen.

That the Counsel for Mr. Neal allowed all the Hospital-men disqualified by Sir Chr. Hales' Counsel, because, they said) they should disqualify as many of their Votes:

That they also allowred all disqualified on the Account of Charity, except what was received after the Election was over; which was Wheatley's Charity, and Jesson's;

But they insisted, That several Persons, to the Number of about Twenty-one, were disqualified on several Heads; which made the Numbers seem more than really they were: And Mr. Carter gave in a List of their Names.

The next Thing Mr. Neal's Counsel proceeded to, was, to justify some Persons, which, by the Evidence* had been charged with ill Practices: And, as to what had been charged upon Alderman Carter, by Barton, they called,

Mi1. Jos. Carter, Son to the Alderman: Who said,

That Barton looked after his Horse; and he desired him to give his Vote for Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Neale; and he voluntarily did it; and, after he had so voted, the Parish Officers refused to pay his House-rent or Taxes: That the 2 s. his Father gave Barton, was Charity-money; and he gave him the same the Year before, when he voted otherwise.

And that Bishop kept a disorderly House, and himself had a Clerk debauched there.

Robert Slim said, That Samuel Worster told him, That Mu Edward Hales laid him down 20 s. to say, That Barbe?' the Apothecary gave him 5 s. to vote for Mr.

Neal and Mr. Hopkins.

Alderman Owen was called to the Reputation of Slim:

Who said, He never heard any thing to the contrary, but Slim was an honest Man.

Rich. Newcombe said, That Worster took his Horse out of the Field, and rode him Four or Five Days; and, being charged with it, he swore, He never touciied him:

And afterwards, it being proved upon him, he owned it; and said, He would make Satisfaction: And that he was going away from the Town, having carded aw ay what lie had.

James Bird also gave an Account of the said Worster,

That he wfas a loose Liver; and another Man's Watch was found about him, and afterwards the Watch was restored: But this he rather spoke from the general Rumour of the Town, than his own Knowledge.

Mr. Withers said, That Worster was a broken Fellowr of no Credit, and is going to Sea.

As to the Evidence given of refusing Jephcoit's Two Sons;

9 H Aldermaa

Coventry

Election.

*]6o, i40 Februariil 170

Aldcrm&n Owen said, That, as to One, viz. John Jeph- dred, and Mr. Hopkins' and Mr. Neal\s Men being about cott, lie served his Time in London, though Apprentice Two hundred, meeting in a Street, Sir Chr. Hales Men to his Father: were partly passed by on the other Side of the Way; and

And, as to his Son Richard, he was Apprentice to an Sir Christopher Hales called them back again; and they fell Ironmonger; but ran away, and never served his Time on Mr. Leal's Men; and some of Mr. Neal's Men were any-where. wounded: And Mary Ellen said, She saw Sir Chr. call

Mr. Echo. Owen said, That Matthew Neale was sent, his Men back in G osfort-Street; and said, Stand, to by his Father* to London, and was bound to an Apothe- them; and they fell on Mr. Neal's Men: And she asked cary there. Sir Chr. If he would have Murder; and he said, No:

John Pickering said, That John Ithell never pretended She replied, Then he would not let the Men fight so. to be free, or was ever bound; but was admitted a Love They also called John Pickerel(, Chr. Landery John Brother: And Mr. Joseph Cater said, That the Inden- Roads, John Johnson, Alderman Owen: tures produced at the Poll proved to be false ones. The Substance of whose Evidence was, That Sir Chr.

William Craner said, That John and Thomas Heathcoat Hales' Men, in very great Numbers, did, at the Time of neither of them served in Coventry. the Poll, take Possession of the Hall, and were very un*

That then the Counsel for Mr. Neal proceeded to ex4* ruly; and that there being a Door into the Hall from the cept to, and give Evidence against, several Persons Gaol Yard, for the better avoiding the Crowd in the Hall, who voted for Sir Chr. Hales; viz. to Eighty-four Sir Chr. Hales' Men every Day nailed it up; That Sir Chr. Persons, as not being free. Hales' Men appeared with Staves, and threatened several

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, that were for Mn Neale; particularly Mr. Pickerelly that Eight Persons, as having received Loan-money within was an Inspector for Mr. Neale, and drove aw ay the Con-Twelve Months before the Election. stables out of the Hall; and one Burton took up his

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, Stick, and threatened a Man, that named Mr. Nealey to Twelve, as receiving City Charities. knock out his Brains: That, by reason of Threatenings,

They also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, and the Disorders that were at this Election, and what had Thomas Grascomb; for that the Corporation had given his passed at the former Election, several declared, They durst Son, in August last, an Exhibition of 6/, 13,$. 4d. as a not go to be polled; and, particularly, Alderman Owen poor Scholar. said, He himself durst not go into the Hall; having been

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, abused the last Election, and threatened again at this. Two Persons, as having Loan-money at 4d. per Pound. lli. Clements said, That Major Beak coming in at the That Mr. Neal's Counsel also would have excepted to, Door in the Gaol Yard, and, being an ancient Man, go-and given Evidence against, some, others w'ho received ing into the Gallery to poll, to avoid the Crowd, they Charity, and polled for Sir Christopher Hales> particularly threw Stones and Tumeps at him. on the Head of receiving Parish Alms: But there having Ben. Hobson said, That Mr. Edtzo. Hales desired his been Two Orders, made by the Committee, one of the Men not to be cast dow n, upon the Account of Irregulari-One-and-twentieth of January, upon the Mayor, Alder- ties; for Mr. Gery would stand by them as far as 500l.; men, and Common Council-men; the other of the Two- and that one Chr. Price had promised Mr. Afaz/andMr. and-tw'entieth of January, upon Mr. Carter and Mr. Gay his Vote; and afterwards told him, He must give Oweny Clerks of the Council-house; for delivering an Sir Chr. Hales a Vote, or else the Lord Leigh would turn Account of what Charity has been disposed by the Mayor, him out of his Living; and that the Lord Leigh appear-Aldermen, and Common Council House-Men; and they ed, at the Time of the Election, at the Cross; and was having not given to Sir Christopher Hales' Agent an Ac- also in the Hall on Thursday; but the Witness could count of those Charities they offered to give Evidence of; not say, That his Lordship did say any tiling to the the Committee did not think fit to hear, or admit, of any Electors.

Exceptions to be made to Sir Christ. Hales' Voters, on Hairy Cockram said, That, the Third Day of the Poll, Account of those Charities. there was a great Tumult; and the Sheriffs commanded

That they also gave Evidence of Two Persons that his Assistance; but the People shoved him down, polled for Mr. Neale, and u'ere put down for Sir Christ. Luke Barnes said, That Oadharn was an Inspector of Hales; and of one other that polled for Mr. AW, the Poll for Sir Chr. and endeavoured to get Votes for and was not entered in the Poll. him; and that, there being a Dispute about polling one

That the next Thing the Counsel for Mr. Neal pro- Man, the said, Oadham wrent out, and brought 300 lien ceeded on, was, the Disorders at the Election, not- with him; and said, He would have Justice, withstanding the Endeavours of the Magistrates to That the next Head Mr. Neal's Counsel applied them-the contrary; and Treating, and ill Practices. selves to, was that of Treating, and ill Practices.

Mr. Jcr. Withers said, That the Magistrates sent him John Jones said, That, the last Day of the Poll, he met with a Letter to the Candidates, to come and consult John Cliffey a Tapster, who offered him a Crown, and Matters with them; but they did not think fit to meet threw down Two Half-crowns, either not to poll, or to the Magistrates, only went to the Mayor and Sheriffs: poll for Sir Chr. Hales; and, after Dinner, on the same

That the Magistrates, in order to prevent Disorders, Terms offered him 10 s. Jones said, He polled for Mr. caused the Crier to make Proclamation, That none should Hopkins and Mr. Neal.

come to the Election, who had not Business; the Two Robert Slim said, That he met James Ward at the Cross;

last Elections, when Sir Chr. stood, several having been and he offered to carry him to drink at Sir Chr. Hales* bound over for beating the Sheriffs, and other Magistrates: Cost; and accordingly he went with Two or Three; and

That he himself had Notice from a great Friend of Sir the Reckoning came-to 2 s. or 3^.; and Ward told him, Chr. Hales, Mr. Horatio Hopkins, That, if he appeared, There was nothing to pay; it should go on Sir Chr. Hales he should be beaten; and he had not Courage to be pre- Account; and that Dr. Elliot and Alderman Palmer came sent: He said, That there was Proclamation by the Ma- to him Two Days before the Election; and the Doctor gistrates, That Mr. Neal and Mr. Hopkins stood, it being told him, If he would give Alderman Paimery who polled reported they had desisted. for Sir Christ. Hales and Mr. Gery, a Vote, the Alder*

Mr. Neal's Counsel also called, man should give him 40 s.; and the Alderman said, Sq

Rich. Benion, William Waning, Barnabas Mussle, and he would.

John Jones: The Substance of whose Evidence was, John Noble said, That Mr. Whadcock, an Attorney, of* That Sir Chr. Hales' Men met together about Two a Clock fered him 6,9. 8 d. to vote for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. in the Morning; and Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery met Gery; and Mr. Wrighty a Mercer, told him, If he did

them about Six a Clock in the Morning: That Mr. NeaCs not vote for them, he should turn out of his House:

and Mr. Hopkins' People met about Eight a Clock in the Wright had the Letting of the Houses and had given Morning: That Sir Chr. Hales' Men being about Six hun- him Warning to go out.

13 Barbara

14 W. III. 240 — 2 50 Februarit.

Barbara Chaplain said, That Mr. Horatio Hopkins asked John Fern, as he was going to poll for Mr. Neale arid Hopkins, to poll for Sir Chr. Hales', and Fern said, He had promised his vote; and One standing by said, Fern owed his Master 8<s..; and Fern thereupon said, About 20 s. Well, said Mr. Horatio Hopkins* tome along with me, and 1 wilPgive you the Money. Chaplin said. Feme afterwards shewed her Money; which, he said, was to satisfy his Master; but how much it was, she could not tell j and that Fern polled for Sir Chr. Hales.

Jacob Copson said, lie, and some others, drank at Salter s and Merrick's, and It hells; and some paid a small Matter; others nothing: That he intended to have voted for Mr. Hopkins, because he owed Money to Alderman Owen upon Bond; but Salter told him, If the Bond was sued, they would collect Money to get him oft'. He said* He voted for SivChr.; and the Bond was not sued.

Tho. Smith said, He was told by several, If he did not vote for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery, he should lose their Work; and has since lost it: He is a Farrier.

SirCAr. Hales Counsel alledged, That they could justify most of thqir Voters; but, they thought, there was no Occasion to trouble the Committee with it.

That the Hearing of this Cause having taken up Seven Nights; and the Evidence, relating to the Disqualifying and Justifying of Freemen, being very particular; it is conceived more proper to refer to the Minutes taken at the Committee, than to transcribe the same, and fill up the Journals with a long Report; which, after the Determination of the Election, can be of no Use.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir Christopher Hales Baronet, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Freemen of Co* ventry receiving Alms, or Charity, have no Right to vote in the Election of Ciuzens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Christopher Hales Baronet is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of Coventry, by taking off the Return, by which Henry Neal Esquire is returned a Citizen to serve for the said City.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ] M2'

Teltefor theNoes,^"^.,) ,8,.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Mr. Abraham Owen, One of the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, is guilty of a false and double Return, and of divers indirect Practices, in the late Election for the City of Coventry.

Resolved, That Mr. John Collins, the other Sheriff of the City of Coventry, is guilty of a false and double Return, and of divers indirect Practices, in the late Election for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Abraham Ozven be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Collins be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

VOL 13.

Resolved, Thq.t Mr. Edward Owen, Under Sheriff of the City of Coventry, is guilty of divers illegal and partial Proceedings, in order to obtain an Election of a Citizen for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Edward Owen be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 25* die Ftbrnarii;

Anno 14° Willielmi Tcitii.

Prayers.

ABIL L for the Settlement of some Lands and Here- Stanley's ditaments of Sir Tho. Stanley Baronet, for his Estate. Family's Benefit; and to enable him, in lieu thereof, to charge his Estate for Payment of his Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Yarnold Gentleman, on behalf Newcastle of himself, and others, the Proprietors.and Undertakers upon Tine concerned in supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tine Waterworks* with fresh Water, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tine with fresh Water; and by a Lease made by the Mayor and Burgesses, as expressed in the said Act; the Petitioner has, at great Expence, brought sufficient fresh Water to serve the said Town, from a Place called The Zone, in the County of Durham, about Four Miles from Nerw-castle; and the High Sheriff of Durham hath held Three several Inquisitions to inquire what Damages the Owners of the Lands, through which the said Water is conveyed* have sustained thereby, as the said Act directs; which Damages the Petitioner hath fully paid and satisfied: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm the said several Inquisitions and Lease, for the better bringing and continuing of the Water to the said Town, and ascertaining a due Satisfaction to the Owners of the Lands, through which the Water runs, for what Damages they may sustain, for the future* by that or any other Watercourse brought by the Petitioner to the said Town; and for the better Continuance and constant supplying the same with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Carr and Mr. Lambton do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the Officers and Clothiers of the Army, j and Proprietors of the Debt of the several Transport Forfeitures. Services, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Part of the Petitioners Debts consist of small Sums; which renders it impossible for them to make separate Purchases of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, wherein the said Effects are made payable in the Purchases; so that the Petitioners will be forced to sell, to the moneyed Men, at intolerable Discounts, unless permitted to purchase in a joint Stock: That, last Year, the Petitioners obtained a Subscription for purchasing the said Forfeitures, of near 500,000/* and had Leave to bring in a Bill pursuant thereto; and now doubt not but to get Subscriptions for purchasing the Whole of those Estates, at reasonable Rates: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking Subscriptions for purchasing the Whole of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, on such Terms as may be agreeable with the Wisdom and Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Fact to the House:

And

Jamaica

Government.

Barbados

Government.

*1$ Februarii. A. 1701,

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt. Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Afitford, Mr. Bromley, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Byrch, Sir Ron land Gzvyn, Mr. Jenkins, Sir Jay. Jekyll, Mr. Winington, Mr. Guyn, Colonel Kendall' Sir 6Yvr. Fhves, Mr. *SZ Jo/???, Mr. Dor-wer, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Coatszrorth, Mr. PrVr, Sir C/a. Hedges; Colonel Zee, Sir //tv?. Co/£, Mr. Car, Mr. Dw-???a;?, Mr. Colchester, Lord Chenie, Sir AVc/?. Cocks, Mr. Cur son, Mr. Cholrnley, Sir Jo//?? Holland, Mr. Roberts, Sir Fra*-Windham, Mr. Hayes, Sir Jo/?;? Bolles, Sir />a. Blakef Sir Jeffry Jeffrycs, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Brereton, Serjeant Whitaker, Mr. Bridges; Mr. Tato*, Mr. Pe/-//r Mr. Cto/v, Mr. Ilysharn, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Pa/cc, Sir Rigby, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Bur ridge, Mr. Pa git: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of /ZirgA Totterdell, of the Island of Jamaica, Gentleman, in behalf of himself, and others the Traders and Planters of the said Island, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Assembly of the said Island, which represents the Body of the Commons there, and consists of Thirty-five Persons, of which the Petitioner was One, being convened in June last, did enter into the Consideration of some Hardships put upon them in point of Trade, and Misapplication of the publick Money of the said Island, by the then Governor, Sir William Beeston, and Council of that Island, endeavouring to redress those Grievances; but, instead of Encouragement, they met with Threats and hard Words from the Governor: And the Assembly finding no Likelihood of Redress, they passed a Vote to apply themselves to this House for Relief; which the Governor so resented, that he immediately prorogued them; and, soon after, dissolved them by Proclamation; setting forth that Vote as One of the Reasons for the Dissolution: That, upon the said Prorogation, the Speaker, and Majority of the Assembly, drew up an Address to this House; setting forth Part of their Hardships, by Violation of the Laws, the Discouragement of their Trade, and Misapplication of the publick Money: Which Address they ordered the Petitioner to present to the House; a Copy whereof is annexed to the Petition; And praying the House to take the Grievances of the said Island into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Freeman Esquire is referred; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Fact to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and many others, being very much oppressed by the Maladministration of Justice in Barbadoes, under the Government of the Lord Grey, did, in December 1700, complain to his Majesty in Council thereof; who referred the Examination thereof to the Commissioners of Trade; with Direction, That they should report to his Majesty what they conceived fit to be done therein; That the Petitioner hath attended the said Commissioners for about a Twelvemonth; hath proved the Truth of his Complaint, and shewn the Maladministration of Justice; and hoped they would have made such a Report to his Majesty, as the Petitioner might have had some effectual Relief thereby; but they have lately made such a Report, as covers the Truth from his Majesty, and has effectually hindered the Petitioner from any Relief: That the Petitioner is ready to prove the several Articles annexed to the Petition, which do contain several Heads of the said Complaint: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

And the said Mr. Hodges was called in, to the Bar, to own the said Petition: And he owned the same accordingly; and declared, he was ready to make good the same.

Ordered, Thai the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rmland Guyn, Mr. St.John,

Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Paget, Sir Rich. Onslow; Mr. Richards, Sir Henry Lyddalt, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gulston, Sir liobert Cotton, Mr. Hayes, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Mon ck ton, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Poidet, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Carter, I on I Mordant, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, M r. Dyot, Sir Fran. Windham, Sir Gut. Hedges, Sir Wm, Hustler, Sir Fra. Massum, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Fitch, Sir Jos. JckylL Mr. Andevton, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Carr, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Cox, Mr Jiyerley,

Mr. Herne, Lord Spencer, Sir Francis Blake, Mr. Goreing Major Halsey, Mr. Ncci/l, Mr Moor, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Arthington, Mr Topham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edzv. Turner\ and all that are Merchants: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply fill; House a Bill for granting to his Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the-Dill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for reviving an Act, Apothra intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries lromserv- exeniPl ing the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish Offices; and from serving upon Juries; be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Pnh'rk next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, AccuuliL< upon the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Btr-b King's Bench and Fleet be read a Second time upon and lket Friday Morning next.

The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to Coventry Order, amended the Return for the City of Coventry. Iie!l,rn

amended.

The House being informed, That Mr. Goodenoughwi Persons John Woodman, of Malmsbury, attended, according to examiwd. Order;

They were severally called in, to the Bar; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Goodenough and John Woodman be discharged of further Attendance.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to UnwLoV. whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assist- some ants, of the Company of Distillers of London, on behalfBraudl*8, of themselves, and others, was referred, be made upon Friday Morning next.

*- The House, according to Order, proceeded to examine Irish into the Execution of the Act for vesting the forfeited Forfeitures, Estates in Ireland in Trustees:

And the Trustees in Town, Mr. Annesley and Mr. Hooper, were called in; and examined; And they presented to the House a Memorial:

Which was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled;

The humble Memorial of Francis Annesley and James Hopper, Two of the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

THAT the Trustees have used their Endeavours to improve your Estates, vested in them, to the best Rent that could be got for the same: In order whei eunto, they

appointed

14 W. III.

25* — 26° Fehruani.

Appointed Receivers and Surveyors, who have, upon Oath, viewed the Same; and made their Returns of the real Values of the said Estates, if to be lett for a Term of Years, amount-

ing to

I3M96

105,372 15 74-

Wherfeas the present Rent of the Year 1701, is no more than Their Computations proceeding from the Values of other Persons Lands, of equal Value, contiguous to those forfeited: But the Reasons they give the Trustees, why the forfeited Estates do not yield as much as the Estates of such private Persons, are,

1st, That several of the said Estates are in Lease for Terms of Years yet to come, which are allowed by the Trustees, and cannot yet be raised.

2dly, That several Gentlemen are now in Possession of a considerable Part of the said Estates, and will pay what they please; and nobody will take them over their Heads at a greater Rent, because they are sure to incur their Displeasure, for the Prospect of stnail Gain, which is to continue but for One Year; the Trustees not having thought fit, without your Honours Directions, to set them for a loriger Time.

3dly, Because no Tenant is able to improve Lands, which he holds for One Year only, to that Advantage as he would do, if he might enjoy them for a certain Term of Years.

4. That the Number of Acres appear, upon the Survey, to be considerably more than the old Proprietors knew them to be, or are returned to be in the Civil Downe, or Stafford Survey.

5. That the most unprofitable Lands, returned by those Surveys, are since improved, and made most profitable.

For which Reasons, the Trustees are humbly of Opinion, That, if your Honours would approve of their setting such of the said Estates, as are now out of Lease, to the best Advantage, for a certain Term of Years, alj those Inconveniences would be obviated, the Rents raised equal in Value to their adjacent Lands; whereby the annual Income of your Honours Estates would be greatly improved; and the Persons intending to be Purchasers, who are already alarmed with the false Suggestions of the Trustees taking Advantage of the Tenants in Possession, who could not easily remove their Stock, to rack them to an Overvalue, would more chearfully buy the same, and very considerably advance their Price for them, and induce Strangers, who can have no Knowledge of their Values but from their yearly Rent, to become Purchasers.

The Trustees thought it their Duty, and accordingly directed us, humbly to present this Matter to your Honours, for your immediate Directions therein; because, if not set before May next, the Year will be at an End; and it will take some time to give public Notice of such a Resolution.

Fra. Annesley, James Hooper.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland do lay before this House an Account of the Claims made by the Irish Papists; and do distinguish how many have been allowed by them, of Estates whereof the Papists were not in Possession before the Act of Resumption, or decreed or adjudged to them by any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland.

Resolved' That, notwithstanding the Complaints and Clamours against the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation to the Execution of the said Trust, it does not appear to this House, but that those Complaints are groundless.

Resolved, That the said Memorial be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland,

Vol. 13,

And the Two Trusteed werfc eified ill: And, Irish For-

The Petition of Edward Singleton Esquire, was read; futures, and also the Report of the Trustees thereupon;

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

Arid then they withdrew. t

Ordered, That Leave bp given to bring in a Ml firt* the Relief of the said Mr. Singleton; in continuing birti in Possession of his Estate, under the Fee-farm Rfcjb payable out of the same,

The said Trustees were called in: And;

The Petition of tVlllium JFbwndes Esquire, on b6fc$ff of himself, and ojher Purqhasers, rinder the Grants of Thomas Keightly Esquire, was read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon;

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be postponed, until the Petition of Thomas iteightly Esquire shall be considered.

The said Trustees were called in again;

The Petition of Arthur French, and J&mes Farreft his Son-in-law, was read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon:

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. French, in relation to the personal Estate of Irriell Fairell only.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Mr. Fairell have ReliPf ujion his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The said Trustees were again tailed in: And,

The Petition of Captain Thomat Bellew was reatf^ and also the Report of the Trustees thereupon:

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a BH1 for the Relief of Captain Bellew, according to die Prayajp of his Petition.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Provision be made, in the Bill, for obliging the Earl of Romney to repay to the Trustees Two^tljirds of the Purchase Money paid by the said Captain Bellew to the said Earl;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed further in the Consideration of thq Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland;an<| the Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Towi^ do then attend.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. "

} «9>-] 8*

Committee.

TT

Jovis, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 14* Willielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A BILL for vesting the Estate of JVtOketn Mathews Afothew*' Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, E*ite. to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be reads Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to, withdraw the Peti- Aylesbury tion of Simon Marne Esquire: and also the Petition of Election.

I Rich.

q69 Februurii.

Gowitr*

Eflatt.

LowtWs

Estate.

Darwent

Navigation.

Soame's

Estate.

Half-pay

Commissions.

A. 17011

Damasking

Stuffs.

Cham

Navigation.

MalmsbUfy

Election.

Rick. Cocbmn, and others* Inhabitants of the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, relating to the Election for the said Borough of Aylesbwty.

Mr. Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Sale of the Manor of Attingham, alias Atcham, in the County of Salop, settled in Jointure on jEllen the Wife of IVitliam Gower Esquire; and for settling a Farm, called SeUy Hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of St. John, in Bedwardin, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof:, And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Mom*

ing.

Sir Richard Sandfoj'd, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for vesting a Farm called Coleby iAaihs, in the County of Westmorland, late the Estate of Dr. Christopher Lowther, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Discharge of the Debts thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was reteiVedk

Mr. Palmer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for making the River of Darwent) in the County of York, navigable: And the same was received.

Sir Samuel Bamardislon, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame Gentleman, and Dorothy his Wife; and for applying the Monies raised thereby for the Payment of his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary Soame and Wm. Soame, Two of his younger Children: And the same was received.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same: And the same was received.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That such Commissions, as shall be granted to Officers who were in Half-pay, may be made forth without any Fee or Charge;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

' Resoloed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That such Commissions, as shall be granted to Officers in Half-pay, may be made forth without any Fee or Charge.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clayhithe, alias Clayhive, in the County of Cambridge, unto The Kings Mill, in the University and Town of Cambridge: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Money, and, Bank Bill, which were delivered in to the House by Mr. Adye, upon the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for tho

Borough of Malmsbury, itt the County Of WiUt, be re-delivered by the Clerk, in order to be made use of upon the Prosecution directed to be against Colonel Parks.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade and Plan- Amen* tations do lay before this House an Account of their Pro* ceedings, with relation to the Complaints made to them of the Courts of Justice in the Plantations in the/Fat Indies.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a great Abean Abuse committed in his Majesty's Brewhouse at St. Ca- vlctuliB5 tharine s, by drawing off the First Worts; to the de* Dfpartffl* frauding his Majesty, and Prejudice of the Seamen; and that one Charles Hoar was at the Door, who would give the House an Account thereof;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, touching the Matter of the said Complaint: And he delivered in a Copy of an Abstract of several Orders of the Board of Excise; and a Copy of a Report of One of the Officers belonging to them.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Copies were read; and are as follow ':

The said Abstract of Orders received by Edtv. Den* neston.

Triday, July 18th, I acquainted the Board, That* pursuant to their Order, I had searched the King's Brewhouse; and what Quantity of Strong Beer I had found* appears in the next Paper.

Saturday the 26th, The Board ordered me to go with Captain Betchinden to the Commissioners of the Victualing Office, to acquaint them with the evil Practice, by the Service at his Majesty's said Brewhouse; which I did accordingly.

Tuesday the 29th, I acquainted the Board, That the Commissioners of the Victualing Office had desired me to attend them on Thursday following; for they designed to examine the Servants, relating to my Report* The Board directed me to acquaint the Commissioners of the Victualing, That it was their Opinion, That it was a Fraud upon the Revenue of Excise; and that they would examine the Offenders at their own Board; which was accordingly done.

I also acquainted Mr. Hore, That my Masters, the Commissioners of Excise, desired he would let me knoW where to find him, when they should have Occasion to send for him.

Tuesday, August the 5th, The Board ordered me to go to the Victualing Office, and get a List of the Servants Names belonging to the said Brewhouse; and ordered them to attend the Board of Excise on Friday following: Which they did; and were there examined, relating to the said Fraud.

Tuesday, August the 12th, I went, by Order of the Board, to inquire after some Persons that were suspected to have bought Beer from the said Brewhouse; but could find nothing appear as Fact

The said Report.

18th July 1701. BY Order from the Board of Excise,

I took some Officers to my Assistance, and searched the King's Brewhouse at St. Catharine's, and found Thirty-two Barrels of Strong Beer, which was denied by Wm. Marshall the Brewer, and the other Servants, in the several Places following; viz.

ifc

In

vja

sand

jtges of ouse.

14 w. ni.

26* — 27° Februanl.

In Mr. JVrighf s Storehouse In Mr. King's Storehouse In Mr. Harris' Cellar -. TimineWs Storehouse In Yardmans Storehouse In Stoker's Storehouse -In the Iron Storehouse in the Brewer's Hop-loft In the Miller's Loft Behind the Third Square

Bar. Fir*, afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Tablet Whete . the same were read; and are as follow $ viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That to assert, That the House of Commons is not the only Representatives of the Commons of England, tends to the Subversion of the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons, and the mndamental Constitution of the Government of this Kingdom.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That to assert, the House of Commons have no Power of Commitment, but of their own Members, tends to the Subversion of the Cohstitution of the House of Com-

4

6

2

3 2

1

2 2 1 7

32 o

mons.

All Strong Beer, and, in Quality, worth 18 or 20 s. per

Barrel; 26 of them being new, and of one Guile.

Edw. Denneston. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Snell, Mr..Dolben, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Winington, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Scobell, Sir Godf\ Copley, Mr. Foley, Mr. bridges, Mr. Clayton\ Sir John Parsons, Mr. Mitford, Mr. Bye Ay, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Hen. Lyddall,

PapiUon, Mr. Peace, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Clark, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Barrell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Moore, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir Tho. Poms, Mr. Per shall, Mr. Owen, Mr. Carter, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir JR. Onslow, Sir John Holland, Sir Jos. JekiU, Mr. Hele, Mr. Poole, Lord Powiet, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Si. John, Mr. Sergison, Mr. Manly, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Here, Sir Hen. Cob, Sir TVm. Phippard, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. St. Loe, Mr. BUsse, Mr. Marks, Mr. Bertie, Sir fVm. Scazven, Mr. Birch, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Rich. Sand ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Cdpies be referred to the Con* adoration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do consider what Proceeding? have been in the respective Offices, touching the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same to the Houses

The Order of the Day* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges* of the House of Commons, being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster'-hall, Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Same.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be made upon Saturday Morning next;

The House divided

The Yeas went fortfr

Tellers for the Yeas,£ }

Tellers for the Noes j *£ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report be made immediately.

Colonel Granville reported, from the said Committee, the said Resolutions; which he read in his Place; and

Vol. *3.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That to print, or publish, any Books or Libels, reflecting upon the Proceedings of the House of Commons, or any Member thereof, for, or relating to, his Service therein, in a high Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That it . is the undoubted Right of the People of England to petition or address to the King, for the Calling, Sitting, and Dissolving, of Parliaments; and for the Redressing of Grievances.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is the undoubted Right of every Subject of England, und£f any Accusation, either by Impeachment, or otherwise, to be brought to a speedy Trval, in order to be, acquitted, or condemned.

The First, Second, and Third, Resolutions* being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the fir9t Word " andand, instead thereof, inserting or

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That it is the undoubted Right of the People of England to petition or address to the King, for the Calling, Sitting, or Dissolving, of Parliaments; and for the Redressing of Grievances.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second Time;

The same was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

62.

102.

Veneris, 27° die Februarii;

Anno 140 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Master Clothworkers in and Woollen about the City of London, on behalf of themselves, Manufke* and very many poor People employed under them in the turg§* Working and Dressing of rough Cloth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, of late Years, there has been great Quantities of rough and undressed Woollen Cloths exported out of this Kingdom, to be dressed in foreign Parts; the which Practice, if not timely prevented, will be the Ruin of the Petitioners Trade:

And praying, That a Duty may be laid upon all rough and undressed Cloth exported.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the several Salt Duties. Collieries and Coal-mines upon the Kiver Tine, and adjacent Ports of Sunderland, Cullercoats, and

Blyth, inhabiting within the several Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and Town and County of upon

Tyne,

y

'Salt Dutiei*

Darwtnt

Navigation.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Lowther's

Estate.

Quaker's

Affirmation.

Warner'*

Estate.

ppreece's

Estate.

a7

' Februarii.

A. 1701.

Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Sixth Part of the Coals, got out of the Coal-tpines, have been consumed by the Brine Salt^makers thereabouts; and London was supplied with the best of the Coals; But, the said Salt Trade decaying of late, the Petitioners have no Way to dispose of the smallest of their Coals; whereby the Poor are much injured: And praying, That the House will find out some Method for the Support and Encouragement of the said Salt Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties is committed.

A Petition of the Makers of Salt and Brine, inhabiting in the Counties of Durham and Northumba'land, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Salt, made by the Petitioners, hath produced near a Third of the whole Revenue arising Ly that Duty in England and Wales \ but their Trade is under a great Decay; and daily increases, from the large Allowances given to Refiners of Rock Salt, and the uncertain Measure of foreign Salt; to the Ruin of Thousands of poor People employed in the making of Brine Salt: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties is committed.

A Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of York, navigable, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brin^iin a Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses, to be applied for the Support of the Royal Hospitlal at Greenwich: And that Sir Henry Dutton Colt, and Mr. Dyott9 do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for vesting a Farm, called Coleby+Lcathes, in the County of Westmorland, late the Estate of Doctor Christo* pher Lowther, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Discharge of the Debts thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for continuing the Act, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable JVarner Lee, alias Warner Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage: To which they desire the Concurrence of this I louse.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

A Bill to enable Robert Appreece the elder, and Robert Appreece the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Jos. Treden-ham, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Ekins, Mr. Wild^ Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hele, Mr. St. John, Mr. Manly, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pitjeild, Mr. Newton, Lord Spencer, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Harrisy Colonel Wharton, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Braxton, Lord Chenie, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Hysham, Mr.1 Lorraine, Mr. Coke, Sir Rob. Mar sham, Mr. Moore, Mr. Roberts, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Mr. Clark, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pagett\ and all that serve for the Counties of Hunt-

ington, Northampton, and Ltnmnt: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell cer- Hiatt tain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Hmdc, late of London, Goldsmith, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Swtyrf to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; be taken into Consideration on Monday Morning next

Mr. Moor, according to Order, reported from the Ms* Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Distillers of London, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred,

That they had considered the Matter to them referred; 1

and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: v

Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Distil* lers Company, have Power, from time to time, to inspect \ all Spirits, made of malted Corn, within the Limits of their Charter, to see that the same are made good and merchantable; and, otherwise, that the Offenders may be prosecuted for their Offence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committees,

That the Running of French Brandy is a great Discouragement to the Distillers; and hinders the Consump* tion of English Corn.

Besotted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause in the Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, &c. whereby it is enacted, That no Person shall sell Brandy, or other distilled Liquors, by Retail, but such as shall be thereunto licensed and allowed in the same manner as common Alehouse-keepers, under the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; is a great Hindrance to the Consumption of English Brandies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolutions.

The uaid Resolutions, being severally read a Secondtime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Moor, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, and Mr. Carter, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and wigMi Mr. Gery; u&u,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and vesting divers Manors and Lands of Francis Wightwick, an Intent, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis Wightwick, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving an Act, intituled, An Apotkia Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices exempli of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An

14 W. III.

27" — 28" Februarii.

769

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to exempt ~ Apothecaries from ail Offices whatsoever:

And the Question being put, That the same be brought

up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Apothecaries shall find a Person to serve the said Offices for them:

And the Question being put, That the same be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish Offices; and from serving upon Juries.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Burnaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive it.

Ordered, That the Motion be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

| 44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame Soame's Gentleman, and Dorothy his Wife; and for applying the Estate. Monies, raised thereby, for Payment of his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary Soame, and William Soame, Two of his younger Children; was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Hairy Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Earl of to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Lionell Earl of Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in, at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 4. L. 48. after " the," insert " Twenty."

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom Caribbe* the Petition of William Freeman Esquire is referred, That they had directed hihi to move, That the House will please to give Directions, whether Affidavits, taken in the Plantations, can be read before the said Committee, or not:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee have Liberty to read the Depositions of Mr. Cole, Solicitor General in the Leeward Islands;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,\ '

Tellers for, he '

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That he Message had a Message from his Majesty, signed by his Majesty:

Which he presented to the House: witll

And the same was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as Scotland* followeth; viz.

Tellers for the Yeas fCoIonel

I ell '[Mr.

Tellers for the Noes ^'r lelleis for the iNoes,

142.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 140 WilJielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

API LL for the Sale of the Manor of Atlingham, alias At chain, in the County of Salop, settled, in Jointure, on Ellen Wife of HA Ham Gower Esquire; and for settling a Farm, called Sclley-hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of St.John, in Bcdwardin, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

VOL. 13.

HIS Majesty, being at present hindered, by an unhappy Accident, from coming in Person to His Parliament, is pleased to signify to the House of Commons, by Message, what he designed to have spoken to both Houses from the Throne: His Majesty, in the First Year of His Reign, did acquaint the Parliament, That Commissioners were authorized, in Scotland, to treat with such Commissioners as shall be appointed in England, of proper Terms for uniting the Two Kingdoms; and, at the same time, expressed his great Desire of such an Union: His Majesty is fully satisfied, that nothing can contribute more to the present and future Peace, Security, and Happiness, of England and Scotland, than a firm and entire Union betwixt them'; and lie cannot but hope, that, upon a due Consideration of our present Circumstances, there will be found a general Disposition to this Union. His Majesty would esteem it a peculiar Felicity, if, during His Reign, some happy Expedient for making both Kingdoms One might take place; and is therefore extremely desirous, that a Treaty for that Purpose might be set on foot; and does, in the most earnest Manner, recommend this Affair to the Consideration of the iHouse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take his Majesty's most gracious Message into Consideration.

9 K Resolved,

Supply Bill Malt Duty,

Ways and Means.

Irish

Forfeitures.

770 28° Februarii. — Y Martii. 1701.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

; Mr. Conyers presented to the House a Bill for laying a Duty upon Malt.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That a Clause may be brought in, to some Bill, to prevent the Alienation of the Crown Lands.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, to prevent the Alienation of the Remainder of the Crown Lands: And that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Lownds do take care therein.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Memorial of the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House upon Wednesday last.

And the same was again read.

And the House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the Reports thereupon.

And the Trustees attending, according to Order;

They were called in; and they presented to the House a List of the Claims, as they are entered with the Trustees; and an Account of Claims allowed Papists to Estates, of which they were not in Possession on the Second of November One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine.

And the Petition of Thomas Keightley Esquire being read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said List, and Account, were read.

And the said List, and Account, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said List, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the House proceeded to consider of the Petition of the said Mr. Keightley, and also the Petition of William Fownes Esquire, on behalf of himself, and other Purchasers under the Grant of the said Mr. Keightley; the Consideration whereof was postponed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Keightley, upon his Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

T11 r \r (Sir Rich. Onslow,

Tellers for the Yeas '[Mr. Gzvyn

Tellers for he Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Trustees were called in:

And the Petition of Sir John Temple, and Antony Guidot, surviving Trustees for Frances Countess Dowager of Tyrconnell, being read; and also the Report of the Trustees thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Countess of Tyrconnell, according to the Prayer of her Petition.

And the Trustees were called in again:

And the Petition of Maria Euphcmia Countess of Limerick, the Relict of William late Earl of Limerick, being read; and also the Trustees Report thereunto;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Countess of Limerick, according to the Prayer of her said Petition.

4

103.

64.

The said Trustees were called in:

And the Petition of Hannah Macdomeilbeing read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Hannah Macdotmell, according to the Prayer of her Petition.

The Trustees were called in;

And the Petition of Maurice Annesley Esquire, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Mr. Annesley, as to the personal Estate granted him for the Discovery thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, after his Majesty's most gracious Message is considered, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the Reports thereupon: And that the said Trustees do then attend.

Ordered, That Mr. Winington, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Bridges in Stonehouse, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Lake, Sir Highwjs. Jeff\ Jeffries, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Raleigh, Mr. Brewer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain or alter the Act, made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Kendall, Mr. Bridges, Major Caribt* Morgan, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen. Peachy, Mr. Yates, be Islands, added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of IVm. Freeman Esquire is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 2* die Martii;

Anno 14® Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

C IR Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented Barone O to the House a Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Upper Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with Relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was re- le' ceived.

The Bill was read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of da- Danmtic; masking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Soils of Stnfi. Stuffs, and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for clearing, and making the River Cham, alias Cham Grant, more navigable for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and Na?ipi» other Vessels, from Clay hi the alias Clay hive, in the County of Cambridge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for enabling Lionell Earl of Orrery, in the Kingdom of Orrery'i Irela?id, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements, to raise Estatt> Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath

agreed

W

ft*

fcr|

Jlai

1*

b'

f4 W, HI. Y Mar771

agreed to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

eof Ordered^ That Sir Henry Hanbury have Leave to go suce. into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

>ly Bill; A Bill for laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and t Duties. perr^ was reac| tjje First t;me#

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

al A^t A Message, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher

, Us- of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King hath granted a Commission, under the Great Seal, for passing the Royal Assent to those Bills which have been agreed to by both Houses of Parliament: And the Lords, commissioned by the King, do desire, That this House would presently come up, with their Speaker, to be present at the Passing thereof.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been up at the House of Peers: And that the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal acquainted both Houses, that his Majesty, by an unhappy Accident, had been prevented from coining in Person; and had granted a Commission to several Peers, for passing the Bills therein mentioned: And that the Royal Assent was given, by Commission, to Three publick Bills, and One private Bill; viz.

An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason:

An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert in England or Irelana.

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form:

An Act for naturalizing Charlotte the Wife of Hugh Bvscawen Esquire.

A Bill for enabling Trustees to sell certain Messuages, ae* Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Hinde, late of London, Goldsmith, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£| f £ J >47-

Tellers for the Noes|^;2"s'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Lord Spencer, Sir Wm. Hustler, Colonel Bierley, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir Cha. Shuckboj'ough, Mr. Rontmey, Lord Paw let, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Moor, Mr. Harvey, Sir Alex. Rigby, Sir Jeffry Jeffryes, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir John Mordant, Sir Rush. Cullen, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Thompson, Mr, Morgan, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Pagit, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Newton, Mr. Dormer, Sir John Holland, Sir Cha. Bleys, Mr. Campion, Mr. Walpole, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Manly, Mr. Blake, Colonel JVhar-ton, Sir Tho. DavaU, Mr. Hdyes: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Brown and Tho. Sands Merchants, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, be re-Vox* 13.

ferred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon.

A Petition of Richard Tolson, Jeoffry Woodi and Tho. Hinde's Heme, was presented to the House, and read; 'setting Estate, forth, That John Hind\ deceased, or his Trustees, were Owners of Albemarle House, and Grounds, in Middlesex; and set out the same to Builders, promising to grant Leases for Fifty-one Years, to commence from Lady-day One thousand Six hundred Eighty-eight; and that the Streets should be paved, and the whole Ground built, so as to become habitable: And one Hugh Hunt, Hind's Trustee, obtained a Decree in Chancery to execute Leases to the Petitioners, or their Trustees, upon certain Terms in the Decree mentioned: And the Petitioners proceeded in the Buildings, and laid out several Thousand Pounds on the Premises; but have yet no Leases, nor could they let the same, unless to Tenants at Will, at Under-rents, because the Streets w^ere not paved according to Hind's Promise; and the Petitioners Houses stood amongst the Rubbish, and ruined Foundations; so that the Petitioners have lost the Interest of their Money, and paid Taxes; and yet there is a Bill in the House for selling the said Premises, without making sufficient Provision for the Petitioners, who have been the best Improvers, and are the greatest Sufferers therein: And praying, That they may have Leases of, or purchase, the Pieces of Ground by them improved, at as reasonable Rates as the rest of the Ground unimproved shall be set or sold at: And that they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Publick Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking Accounts, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Jekill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Jekill reported from the said Committe,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty divers Supply Bill; Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein men- Land Tax*"^ tioned, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Security of to the Bill, intituled,\An Act for the further Security of p^s80® d his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crow n in Succession, the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, after the Bill for granting to his Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, is read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning S*11 Duties* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the in grossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Attainting tituled, An Act to attaint Mary late Wife of the late Wife of late King James of High Treason, be read upon Saturday King Jame,‘ Morning next

Salt Duties.

Appreeses

F.state.

---

772 2° — 3° Martii. A.1701.

[Committees.]

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 3° die Martii; Anno 14° Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

[Money for repairing Churches, &c.]

SIR Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

[Cheesemongers.]

Sir Roger Mostyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent the Abuses of Cheesemongers, and their Factors; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

---

elder, and Rob. Apprcese the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty; and the Petitioner is advised he hath a good Title to Part of the Estate intended to be sold; and hath been suing for the same above a Year, both at Law, and in Equity: And praying, That the Petitioner's Right may be saved by a Clause to the said Bill. -

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

[Debtors Petition.]

A Petition of the Poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, in the County Gaol of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been a long time in the said Gaol, by reason of their extreme Poverty; where they are ready to starve, for want of Food and Raiment; and are in no way able or likely to be freed from thence, except by the Compassion of the House: And praying, That their deplorable Condition may be taken into Consideration, and they be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Merchants, of the ancient Corporation of was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties, which is to ascertain the Bushel of Rock and Foreign Salt: That, if the said Bushel should be diminished, it will prevent the Refining of Rock Salt, which is a great Advantage to the Petitioners, and has reduced the Price of White Salt to Half its former Value; and employs a great Number of poor Persons, and Shipping, in conveying the same to many Parts of England; and now is extending its Trade to , and the Baltick Seas: And praying, That the said Bushel may not be diminished ;p and that they may have Debentures allowed for exporting Rock and White Salt upon Affidavit, as now is used; and not be obliged to bring Certificates before they have their Debentures, which will be a great Hindrance and L03S of the said Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

[St. George the Martyr Poor.]

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish has many Prisons within it, besides the Rules, and Mint, for Shelters; whereby the said Parish is extremely overburdened with Poor, which daily increase upon them: And praying that Provision may be made, in the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, or otherwise that the said Parish may be indemnified from any Charge in respect of the Wives and Children of such Prisoners and Shelterers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Hugh Underwood Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House to enable Robert Appreese the

The House being informed, that the Committee, to Bridge* i« whom the Bill to explain and alter the Act, made in the Highway*. Twenty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the High; ways, is committed, who had Power to receive a Clause to explain or repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the re-edifying Cardiffe Bridge, in the County of Glamorgan,

had gone through the Bill, before the Order impowering them to receive the Clause relating to Bridge

was made.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet, and sit again, in order to the receiving the said Clause.

A Petition of Sir Humphrey Edwyn Knight, Richard Ditto. Jenkins Esquire, John Morgan Esquire, Rob. Jones Gentleman, on behalf of themselves, and at "the Request of the most Part of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending Bridges in the Highways is committed, have Power to receive a Clause to explain or alter the Act of Twenty-third Elis. for the re-edifying Cardiff'e Bridge: That there is a Bill exhibited in Chancery, to have a Discovery and Account of several Orders made, at the Quarter Sessions for the said County, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, and since, for raising the Sums of 600l. and 800l. for building Weirs on the River Tasse, above Cardiff'e Bridge, which are no-ways useful to support the said Bridge: That the Petitioners arc informed the said Clause is designed to confirm the Quarter Sessions said Orders; and to put the Power of raising Money, for repairing the said Bridge, in the Justices only, and to make it a County Bridge; when as the Town of Cardiff'e, by the said Act, is to pay a Sixth Part of the Money raised: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Clause, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon: And that Mr. Mansell, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Birch, Mr. Morgan, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Warner'* enable Warner Lee, alias JVarner Warner, to make a Esute.

Jointure upon his Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for V'igiitwick's the settling and vesting divers Manors, and Lands, of Estate. Francis JVightwkk, an Infant, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said wick, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Breu'er, according to Order, presented to the Master* of House a Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and Hoys carry-other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carry1 '°ynsrou* ing Corn, and other Inland Provisions, to the City of London: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

K,.ilk I

Ed.

bh

bkitord

Ntes

'"Mo

bum

bV.

M

s

I.

f4 W. III.

3° Martii.

773

turei.

Irish

Forfeiture*.

Woollen, &c. A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses The Reversions and Remainders of the Estates in Fee, Munufac- and Frauds of Persons employed in working up the and in Tail vested in Fee, out of which are Jointures, or Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactures of this King- Rent Charges, for One Life only, as well in Possession of dom, w as read the First time. the Trustees, as of Mortgagees, at Six Years and an

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Half.

Estates for Life in Possession of the Trustees, or Sir Charles Hedges reported from the Committee, to Mortgagees, at the same Purchase, whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Officers Beneficial Leases in Possession of the Trustees, of and Clothiers of the Army, and Proprietors of the Debt Mortgagees, being uncertain, at 4,000l. on the several Transport Services, was referred, That All which to be purchased according to the Rent Roll they had considered the same accordingly; and that the given, by the Trustees, to the Honourable House of Petitioners had delivered in Proposals for encouraging the Commons, as by them lett for the Year One thousand purchasing the Irish forfeited Estates, and Interests, with Seven hundred and One; which Rent Roll to be verified, the Terms of purchasing; which the Committee had and made good, to the Purchasers, directed him to report to the House; which he read in 5thly, That, out of the aforesaid Prices, there be his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's deducted to the said Corporation all Charges and Incum-Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; brances whatsoever, upon the said Estates.

viz. Cthly, That the said Corporation shall deliver in to his

That Ixiavc be given to bring in a Bill for encourage- Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster their Debentures; ing the Purchasing of the Irish forfeited Estates, and and thereupon receive Certificates from the proper Officers Interests, with the Terms of purchasing contained therein, of the Exchequer, gratis', which Certificates shall be to the following Purport; delivered by the Corporation, or their Agents, to the

1. That Commissioners be appointed and impowered Trustees; and shall be by them taken as so much English

to take Subscriptions for the said Purchase. Money for the said Purchases, according to the late Act

2. That Books be laid open, from the of Parliament; and thereupon the Trustees to make

till the Day of or until the the Conveyance to the Corporation.

Sum the whole Purchase w ill amount to shall be sub- 7thly, That the Corporation be confirmed and quieted

in their Possession, by Act of Parliament, against all Claims and Demands whatsoever, as to any Lands, Tene-

scribed, which shall first happen.

3. That, the whole Sum being subscribed, his Majesty

be impowered to incorporate the Subscribers with neces- ments, Hereditaments, and Interests, to be conveyed to sary and reasonable Powers and Privileges. them by the Trustees; and may have all the personal

4. That, the Incorporation being made, the Trustees Estates forfeited, and all other Benefits of the present Act,

shall convey to the said Corporation the whole forfeited vested in them; and may enter thereupon, and enjoy the Estates, and Interests, at the Prices, and on the Terms, same, as from the First Day of November One thousand following; viz. Seven hundred and One; and have all Arrears of Rent;

The Estates in Fee, and those in Tail vested in Fee, together with such other Clauses, as may be necessary for as well in Possession of the Trustees, as of Mortgagees, the Advantage of the Corporation, and consistent with at Thirteen Years Purchase. the publick Good.

A Computation of the Value of the said Estates, taken from the Rent Roll of the Trustees, according to the

Terms afore-mentioned,

Estates in Fee, in Possession of the Trustees - Ditto, in Possession of the Mortgagees -Estates in Tail, vested in Fee, in Possession of the Trustees Ditto, in Possession of the Mortgagees -Jointures and Rent Charges for Life, out of Estates in Fee Ditto, out of Estates in Tail, vested in Fee -Estates for Life, in Possession of the Trustees Ditto, in Possession of the Mortgagees

£ S, d. £ s. d.

47,144 1 9i

8,579 0 0 . 72,49° 1 9k

15,767 19 5$ amounts to -

998 l3 10

6,733 3,712 9 16 3 1 6 j > 10,446 5 9

5,823 215 18 10 6,039 9 2

At 6{ Years Purchase -Beneficial leases, in Possession of the Trustees - Ditto, in Possession of the Mortgagees

7 OO

16,485 14 u

3.313 12 8 \ 3,721 7 2

407 14 6 J estimated

Sum -

L s.

at 13 Years Purchase 942,371 3 31

107,157 6 n{ 4,000 o o

1,053.528 10 3

Estates in Claims undetermined, according to the same Rates, to be added hereunto.

Out of which to be deducted,

For Incumbrances, as by the Account given in by the Trustees ----- 336,828

More, for Relief given upon Petitions this Session ——

More, for all Crown Rents, Patent Rents, and Quit Rents, payable out of the said Estates -The Irish Rents to be reduced to the English Value.

4 of

Ordered, That the said Proposals do lie upon Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

the Mr Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House Singleton's

a Bill for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esquire, with re- Re,ief* lation to th e Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Bellew's

Relief.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal and Corruption in Election of Members to serve in Par- Election*.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bribery Bribery at

Hospital of Greenwich: And the same was received.

Colonel Byerly, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellew, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Vol. 13.

liament, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered That the Bill for regulating the Prisons of King's Bench the King's Bench and Fleet, be read a Second time upon ami Fleet Saturday Morning next.

9 L A Bill

Prisons.

774

Supply Bill; A Bill for laying a Duty on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Walt Duty, perry, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee o {the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

Mars ton'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Charities. Confirming and Settling of divers Charities given by the , last Will of Job Marston Gentleman, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, EarlofOrre- The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by tj» Estate, this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Lioneli Earl of Onxery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands to the Uses and Purposes in that Act mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty divers Subsidies, and Subsidiesand a Land Tax, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, Laud Tax. wa8j according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the Officers of the Exchequer from taking any Fees for any Aids given this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do take care, that all Lands, which were chargeable to the Land Tax in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three, be chargeable to the

present Land Tax.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That . thfey do consider of relieving such Places where any Lands

were doubly charged in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three, and are now only chargeable with a single Assessment;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Teller, for to ^6.

Teller, for.be } *9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That, where any Persons, relieved for Lands that have paid double, shall come to be charged more than Four Shillings in the Pound, the same shall be levied . by way of Surcharge upon the whole County.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said HCommittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectual Payment of Seamen's Wages, and to preventthe Discount upon their Tickets.

Land Tax. A Petition of John Chetn in Esquire, in the Name, /and at the Request, of a great Number of the Freeholders and Inhabitants w'ithin the Hundred of ford, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have raised and paid their full Proportions, according to the several Acts of the Ninth and Eleventh of his Majesty, and the Land Tax in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three; nevertheless their Officers have been fined by Humphry Holden Esquire, and other Commissioners acting in remote Parts of the said Hundred, for Neglect of their Duty, without being heard; and Duplicates have been certified into the Exchequer, wherein the Petitioners are 3

1701.

charged with above 800l. more than they were assessed; and a Certificate hath lately been made, by divers of the Commissioners, in pursuance of an Act made last Session of Parliament, whereby a Deficiency of 861 /. 11 (i d.. is charged on the Petitioners, though they have raised their full Proportion, according to the said Act; and the Deficiency ought to have been laid elsewhere: And praying Relief in the Premises; and that such Irregularities may be prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Security of into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, King's Per* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Security of ®on lfn<* his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown SuccMSI08‘ in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

3d Sk. 16 L. after " Two," add " or at any time " during the said Time."

5 Sk. 28 L. after " Recusants," add " and all Ecclesiastical Persons, all Members of Colleges and Halls " in either University, that are or shall be of the Foundation, being of, or as soon as they shall attain, the " Age of Eighteen Years; and all Persons teaching " Pupils in either University, or elsewhere; and all " Schoolmasters and Ushers; and all Preachers and " Teachers of separate Congregations; and every Person " w'ho shall act as Serjeant at Law, Counsellor at Law,

" Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor,

" Clerk, or Notary, by practising in any manner, as such,

" in any Court or Courts whatsoever; who shall, at any " time, after the First Day of Easter Term aforesaid, be " admitted into, or enter upon, any of the before-mentioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices, or Places, or " shall come into any such Capacity, or shall take upon " him or them any such Practice, Employment, or Business, as aforesaid, shall, within Three Months after " he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon, any " such Preferment, Benefice, Office, or Place, or come " into any such Capacity, or take upon him or -them " such Practice, Employment, or Business aforesaid, take " and subscribe the said Oath in One of the said Courts " at Westminster, or at the General Quarter Sessions of " the County, City, or Place, where he or they shall " reside."

8 Sk. 17 L. after " lie," add Proviso, marked (B.)

9 Sk. 7 L. after " having," add "only." ___

Proviso (B.) " Provided always, That neither this Act,

" nor any thing therein contained, shall extend, be judged,

" or interpreted, to take away, or make void, any Office " of Inheritance, so as such Person or Persons, having an " Office of Inheritance, do, or shall, substitute and appoint his or their Deputy or Deputies, according to a " Proviso in the Act, made in \he Twenty-fifth Year of " the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from " Popish Recusants; and so as such Deputy or Deputies " do take and subscribe the Oath in and by this present " Act required and expressed; and so as such Deputy or " Deputies be, from time to time, approved of by the " King's Majesty, under his Privy Signet."

The First Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed, by adding, after " reside," " Provided that nothing in this Act contained " shall extend to any Person now beyond the Seas, who,

" by virtue of this Act, ought to take the said Oath; sp " as such Person do, within Three Months after he return " into England, take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto, according to the Appointment of this Act

And

5° Martii.

Privateers.

14 W. III. 3" — 40 Martii.

775

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

made for the sick and wounded Seamen at the respective Ports, when they shall be brought on Shore; and what is further necessary to be done for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do examine what Revenues and Monies have been received to the Use of the said Hos- -pital; and how the same have been applied; and report the same to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to The Chap-his Majesty, That he will please to bestow some Dignity lain, in the Church upon Dr. Francis GastreU, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Barbadoes Ordered, That Mr. Sharp and Mr. Clayton be added Government, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire is referred.

Bridges in Ordered, That all the Members that serve for Wales Highway#, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, or altering, the Act of 22 Hen. 8. concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MerciaH, 4" die Martii;

Anno 140 Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Mathews' A BIL L for vesting the Estate of William t»uie. il Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Re-wlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North-more, Sir Francis Blake, Mr. Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Fleming, Mr. King, Mr. Rou'ney, Mr. Car, Mr. Herbert, Sir Alex.Rigby, Mr. Palmer, Sir Wroth, Mr.

Jacob, Mr. Birch, Mr. Pouftncy, Sir Rencl. Gxcyn, Sir Hen.Colt, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Bicr/y, Mr. Mr.

Aloor, Sir I I'm. Drake, Mr. Mr. Hayes, Mr.

J\dnws, Mr. //'oollaston, Mr. Sir

Mr. // a/jxde, Mr. Clin/tun; and all that serve for the

Counties of Devon, Dorset, and Wilts: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Spouker's Chamber.

Greenwich Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Hospital. of Methods, and receive Proposals, lor the encouraging the Royal Hospital of Greenwich for decayed Seamen; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Rowland Gzcynn, Mr. Bicr/y, Sir Roger Sir Geo. Rooke,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. PultncyMr. Lord Poxr/ett,

Mr. Car, Sir Tho. Po:e/s, Mr. Harris, Mr. St. John, Sir Edxe.Gresham, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Fag a, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Bulks, Mr. Anderlun, Lor Mr. Clark,

Sir Chr. Mtisgrave, Sir Mr. Build', Mr.

Smith, Sir Fra. Mas mm, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Rendu, Mr.

Stonehoii.se, Sir Jim.Ashurst, Mr. Dal hen, Mr. Lee, Sir Rob.Chilton, Sir Fra.Blake, Mr. Bridges, Sir

Hussey, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Rich. Mr. Pitfeld, Mr.

Onsloxc;and all the Merchants of the House, and that serve lor Sea Port Towns; an 1 all the Members who are Commis.-doners of the Navy: And they afe to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into.....Provision is

Voi.. IS.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be discharged from the hearing any more Causes of!Privilege!, this Session, touching Elections, beyond Four, including the Cause to be heard this Day.

A Petition of William Bourn, Robert Palmer, and Salt Duties. Thomas Ellams, Masters of Three Fish Barks belonging to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in June 1700, the Petitioners took in 30 Weight of Salt at Nerecastle, which they spent in curing

11,000 Cod-fish, caught in the North Seas, and sold at and about Newcastle; of all which they made Affidavits; and hoped, their Bonds, given upon Taking in of the Salt, would have been delivered up to them as usually; but the same is refused them, unless they will pay the Duty of the Salt, which is as much as the Value of the Fish caught in that Voyage: And praying the Reljef of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Cloth- Woollen Ma-workers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufac- uufacture. ture, within the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and road; setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom manifestly declines in its Exportation, by reason of the Transportation of English and Irish Wool, and Worsted Yam, into foreign Parts; w hereby Foreigners are enabled to work up their own Wool with ours; which otherwise, would be useless to them: And praying, That effectual Care may be taken to prevent the like Abuses for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufactures; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

A Petition of the Sovereign, Recorder, free Burgesses, kittQ and Protestant Inhabitants, of the Corporation Town of Next' Rosse, in the County of Wexford, and Kingdom of Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the other PrQ-testant Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the late Act of Parliament to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, the Port of Waterford, is thereby named; but Rcsscis not; and the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland have so interpreted the Act, as to exclude the Petitioners from Shipping off any Wool, or Woollen Manufactures, which before they did in great Quantities; and, by their Charter, Rosse was made a Staple Town for transporting Wool for on which Trade it chiefly depends; and, they presume, it was never the Intention of this House to hinder such Transportation for England from , as well as Waterford',

v

4* — 5° Martii. 1701.

the Ports of Waterford and Duncannon being Cocks, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. CVw, Sir Rich. Onslow, equally concerned in preventing the Exportation of Wool, Mr. St. Loe, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Liddall, Sir ite/. and Woollen Manufactures, into foreign Parts, from Gwyn, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Alex. Rigby, Sir Jm either of the said Towns: And praying, That they Massam, Sir ll'm. Drake, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bromley may be allowed the Liberty of transporting Wool, and Lord Powlet, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Co.r, Co-Woollen Manufactures, from the Town of Jfom? to lonel Churchill, Sir ./o/wi Holland, Mr. Hobson, Mr. England. Sargison, Mr. Pitts, Mr. *SV. Je/w, Mr. Guidon, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Mr. Byerly, Mr. Clark, Sir 67m. Musgraxc, Sir

until the Report from the Committee appointed to in- Geo. Rook, Mr. Sheppard,. Mr. Scohell, Sir JVuIler spect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufactures; Yonge, Mr. Fly sham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pelham, Sir IVm. and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and Dayties, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Gwyn; or improving the same. any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers; and to sit Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Major General Earl have Leave to go de die in diem: And have Power to send for Persons,

sence. to his Command in Ireland. Papers, and Records.

Drawback on

damaged

Cyder.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Fruiterers, and other Retailers of Cyder, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of the Fruit, that the Petitioners buy, prove bad, and are only fit to mqke Cyder for Distillation, or Vinegar; and also have much Cyder damaged by Carriage; the First Cost whereof is more than they can sell it for to Distillers and Vinegar-makers: And, in regard the same pays a Duty, when made into Spirits or Vinegar, the Petitioners pray, That, in the Bill for laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, Provision may be made for allowing a Drawback for all Duties charged upon such ordinary or damaged Cycler.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, toJwsPrc* whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of theflr€n' respective Parishes of St. Andrew Undershaft, St. But-tolph's Bishopsgate, St. Butto/phs Aldgate, St. Catharine Creed Church, St. Catharine Coleman-street, and St.

James's Duke's Place, in the City of London, was referred, be made upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard ani Mr. Pitt: vj

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Pmfy* enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tithes, and Te- nements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purcfoy Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. ;J

Mercers, &c. A Petition of the Mercers, Grocers, Linen and Wool-Trade. len Drapers, Wet and Dry Salters, and Haberdashers, within the Borough of Pontefract, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a great many Persons have, for several Years,- presumed to use the said , Trades, within the County of York, without serving

Seven Years Apprenticeship, contrary to the Statute, 5° Eliz.; under which Hardships and Discouragements the Petitioners have long laboured: And praying Relief therein.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

SilkSpinning A Petition of the poor distressed Twisters of Silk, Engines. Silver, and Gold, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners are reduced to a most deplorable Condition, through the Use of Engines for the Spinning of Silk, Silver, and Gold; One of which Engines, with One Pair of Hands, being able to work above Twelve Quills of Plate, when the Petitioners cannot work one'single Quill, without employing Five Pair of Hands; which i3 a vast Prejudice to the Petitioners Trade, and is a Means to take Work out of the Hands of the Poor; especially in Cripplegate Parish, where they must want Bread, for want of Employment: And praying, That the Use of the said Engines may be suppressed.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a s"PpIyH; Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^caM* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 5° die Martii;

Anno 140 Willielmi Tertii.

Tower Hamlets' Small Debts.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Privateers.

Mr. Lake, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for a Court of Conscience for the lower Hamlets, Borough of Southwark, Jlolbourn and Finsbury Divisions, and all other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill for qualifying Justices of Peace, and Deputy Lieutenants, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Oidered, That a Committee be appointed to receive Proposals for the better Encouragement of Privateers in the West Indies; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Moor, Sir Wm. Scazcen, Sir Jcs. Jekill, Sir Rich,

AB I L L for the Sale of the Manor of Attingliam,

alias Atcham, in the County of Salop, settled in Estate. Jointure on Ellen the Wife of William Gower Esquire; and for settling a Farm, called SeUy Hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of St. John, in Bedwardin, in the County of /Vo raster, of better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grnjn,

Sir William Hustler, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Coke, Mr. Vane,

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Drake. Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Edn\ Hussey, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Treden-ham, Mr. Fox, 'Sir John Phillips. Mr. Xicholas, Mr. Pounce-jort, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Conway, Lord Coning.sby, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lcncther,

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Brandy, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Cox, Mr.

lien Manures.

intess of Connell's ief.

ule^s

Late.

niwer to ddress.

urefoy's

Estate.

name's

Estate.

j4 W.III.

5° Martii.

Milford, Mr. Popey Mr. Masters, Mr. Campion; and all that serve for the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, in and about the Town of IVakejidd, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Decay of the Woollen Trade, and the Increase of the Poor in those Parts, is, in a great measure, occasioned by the Exportation of our Wool into France, and other foreign Parts; the Laws for preventing the same remaining ineffectual, for want of Encouragement to the Wool Agents, and Officers employed to prevent such Exportation: And praying, That such Agents and Officers may have Salaries settled on them, out of a small Tax to be raised on Wool.

Ordered, That the said Petition be laid upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Frances Countess Dowager of Tyrconnell, the Relict of Richard Earl of Tyrconnell, of the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Settlement of Lan^s and Hereditaments of Sir Thomas Stanley Baronet, for his Family's Benefit; and to enable him, in lieu thereof, to charge, his Estate, for Payment of his I )ebts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Williams, Sir John IVynn, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Brener, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Vimghan, Mr. Nicholson, Sir John Cotton, Sir William Ashurst, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Brerclon, Mr. Fit field, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Clayton, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Foley, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. Lee, Sir John Conway, Colonel Byerley, Sir John Bollies, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Bromley; and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That such Commissions, as shall be granted to Officers wffio were in Half-pay, may be made out without any Fee or Charge, his Majesty was pleased to answer. That he had already given Directions in that Matter.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, and Te-. nements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Pure)oy Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame Gentleman, and Dorothy his Wife; and for applying the Monies raised thereby for the Payment of* Debts, and for the Portions of Mary Soame and William Soame, Two of his younger Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sam. Bar-nardisten, Sir Charles Bleys, Sir RowlandGwyn, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Lor rain, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Top-ham, Mr. Richards, Mr. Birch, Mr. Manley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Celebes ter, Mr. Coat worth, Mr Williams, Mr. Harley, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Masters, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Hijsham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mitford, Mr. Lambton, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Chandler, Kir, Hopkins; and all that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge: And they

VOL. 13.

are to meet this Afternoon Speaker s Chambers.

m

at Five a Clock, in the.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Norwich Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election.

City of Norwich, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Caine Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return and Election. Election for the Borough of Caine, be made upon this Day Sevennight, after the said Report touching the Election for the City of Norrvich.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of all Estates given Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious to.suPer: Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the stltlous ses* Royal Hospital of Greenwich; be read Tomorrow Moaning.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the Macdonnell's House a Bill for the Relief of Hannah Macdonncll, with Relief-relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Bill, and the other Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishing the more effectual Punishment of Felons, and their Ac- Eel0113* cessaries: And that Sir Robert Clayton and Sir Wm.

Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of Supply Bill; the Bill for laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Malt Tax* Perry, to bring in a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the said Report, to bring in a Clause to prevent the Brewers putting into their Liquors any thing but Malt and Hops.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Ditto. Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill for laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, \vas committed, the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, Fo. 18. L. 8. being read a Second time, to fill the Blank with " Four," relating to the Tax for the Malt Rent to Colleges;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

rr n r v fSir Cha. Barrington,

Idlers for the Yeas, ® 9

9 (Mr. Hopkins:

166.

Tellers for the Noes, {sir':

103.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And as to the Amendments, by filling up the Blanks with "Twenty-ninth Day of March," the same were altered throughout, and made " the Tenth Day of April."

The Residue of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto'by the House.

A Clause of Credit being offered, according to Order, to be added to the Bill;

The same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause being offered, according to Order, to be added to the Bill, against unwholesome Liquors and Materials being used in Brewing;

9 M The

The King's Message to be considered.

Irish For* failures.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Keightl/s

Relief.

fcountess of

Limerick's

Relief.

Unwholesome Brandies.

Damasking

Stuffs.

Cham Navigation.

77« 5-6°

The same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Message to the House upon Saturday last.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and the Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees do then attend.

Ordered, That the Bill for qualifying Justices of the Peace, and Deputy lieutenants, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Hobson, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. Scazven, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Freeman, Sir Alex. Denton, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Manley, be added to the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the Encouragement of Greeirwich Hospital.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 6* die Martii;

Anno I4d Willielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR Ogle, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the relief of Thomas Keightly Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the same was received.

Sir Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Maria Eufemia Countess of Limerick, and Thomas Earl of Limerick, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Mr. Moor, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent the Making of unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of 1French Brandies: And the same was received.

A Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill bccommitted to Sir HcnryDutton Colt, Sir Arthur Owen, Mr. Gzcynn, Mr. Moor, Sir Fran. Blake, Mv.Hayes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. White, Mr. Harley, Mr. Birch, Sir John Molesworlh, Sir Tho.IIales, Sir George Rook, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Owen, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Chr. Hales, Lord Coningsby, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Richards, Colonel Wharton, Lord Fairfax, Serjeant Whit- aker, Mr. Pcmlarvis, Sir Edw. harries, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. King, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Chase, Mr. Palmes, Lord Hide, Mr. Gee, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Bulky, Mr Cary, Sir Rich. Sand ford; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Gloucester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clay hi the alius Clayhrvc, in the

Martii. ' 1701,

County of Cambridge, unto The King's in the

University and Town of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farm,

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Coke, Serjeant Whitaker, Mr. Gape, Sir John Cotton, Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Birch, Sir Fran. Massarn, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir. Hm. Colt, Mr.

Gulston, Mr. Poultney, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Haney,

Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr. Ilarky, Sir Chr. Musgracc, Sir Rob. Marsham, Mr. Bromley, Lord Hide, Mr. Wild\ Mr. Grandville, Mr. Clayton, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Colchester, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Cox, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mas-

ters, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Raleigh, Sir Edzc. Hussey, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Edw. Norrcis, Sir Wm. Asharst, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gwyii, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Dolben, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Moor, Mr. Nezvton, Mr. Crow, Mr. Owen,

Mr. King, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Chase, Mr. Buffer, Sir Clm.

Hedges, Sir Cha. Barrington, Lord Conuig&by, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Boyle,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Nevill, Lord Fairfax; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Hertford, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Young, Sir Edw. Hussey, Gmn\

Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Lambton, Sir John Packing ton, Mr. HospiuL k Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Crow,

Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Birch, Colonel Cranford, Mr.

Johnson, Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir Phil. Bolder, Mr. Plight, f3

Mr. Dyott, be added to the Committee appointed to J?;

consider of Methods, and receive Proposals, for the en- lt

couraging the Royal Hospital of Greenwich for decayed Seamen.

A Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowapcr of Barona? Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Compton, Air. i

Lowther, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Richards, i:

Mr. Wild, Mr. Lambton, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Hysham,

Sir Fran. Massarn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Dolben,

Sir Wm. Danes, Mr. Moore, Mr. Boyk, Mr. Craw, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Foley, Lord Coningsby, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Masters, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir RowlandGxtyn, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. White, Mv.Thompson, Serjeant Whitaker, Sir Edw. Ernfy, Mr. Coke, Mrv Bertie, Mr. Clayton, Sir Isaac Rebow, Colonel King,

Mr. Newton, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Cox, Marquis Ilart-ington, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Methwin, Mr. Raleigh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esquire, with singleton; relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the kehet. First time. 0

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for vesting a Farm, called Coleby Leathes, in the Luther's County of Westmoreland, late the Estate of Dr. Christo- kwe. pher Lowther, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Discharge of the Debts thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Second time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for Relief of Hannah Macdonnell, with relation Mac<Wi. to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time. 1W:e!

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Robert Guide ford Ba ronet, was presented rvc to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Harbour hath, for many Years past, been possessed of an Estate of One thousand Pounds per Annum, lying in the Parishes of East Guide ford and Winchelsca, in the County of Sussex,

1 adjoining

14 W. III. 6° — 7* Martii.

m

adjoining to the Sea Coast, and Town of Rye That there is a Bill in the House, for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness; which, if it should pass, will much prejudice the Petitioner s said Estate: And praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, before the said* Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Bill for the Relief of Thomas Keightly Esquire, with sf. relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Fust time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

don't, The Lords have parsed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas St. Legar de Joseph de Lan-

nay, Alexander de Raquel des and others:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ew't A Bill for the Relief of Captain Thomas with

el* relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

nteas of A Bill for the Relief of Frances Countess Dowager of connells Tyrconnell, the Relict of Richard Earl of Tyrconnell, of ef' the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

enland The Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of his J*. Majesty's Reign, for the regaining, encouraging, and settling, the Greenland Trade, being read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging, and encouraging, the Trade to Greeland: And that Sir Thomas Davall, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Scobell, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That they have Power, if they think fit, to provide for the Repeal of the said Act.

i Pro- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to int whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, dren. Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the respective Parishes of St Andrew Under shaft, St. Buttolph's Bishopsgate, St. Buttolph's Aldgate, St. Catherine Creed Church, St. Cath. Coleman, and St. James Duke's Place, in the City of London, was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next

ily Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by laying t Duties. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for ground Malt to have a Drawback upon Exportation:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question

?ut thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made 'art of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Gaugers to leave Charges in Writing:

And the same was thrice read pand, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill:

And the same were, upon the Question- severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow';

viz.

Press n. L. 3o. instead of "made," insert "paid." Vot. 13.

13. L. insert " Forfeiture."

14. L. 25. leave out " upon," and insert to makeand leave out " made."

L. leave out " which," and insert " or

" may."

Press 16. L. insert "to time,"

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahbuti, T die Anno 14* Willielmi Tertii.

Phatees.

ABI L L for making the River in the County Darwent

of York, navigable, was read a Second time. Navigation, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmes,

Colonel Wharton, Mr. Serjeant Whitaker, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Bere, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Clayton, Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Mr. Boyle, Mr. Birch, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Pitfield, Mr.

Newton, Mr. Offley, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Proby, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Mitjord, Mr. Burnaby, Lord Rouse, Mr. Owen, Mr. Manly, Sir Hen. Peachy, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Yates, Mr. Fleming; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Westmoreland, and the Five Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmcr have Leave to go Into Leave of the Country, fora Month, to the Funeral of a near Relation. Abtence.

A Petition of Joseph Offley Esquire was presented to the Stanley's House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is Estate, the only surviving Executor of John Orven Clerk, deceased; to whom Sir Thomas Stanly was indebted Two hundred and Fifty Pounds by Bond; which the Petitioner has, ever since the Death of the said Owen, been suing for, and endeavouring to outlaw Sir Tho. Stanly; but he, by absconding in privileged Places, and pleading a Misnomer, has hindered the Petitioner, as yet, from obtaining any Benefit by such Prosecution; but he will be outlawed the next Term: And praying, That he may have Leave to bring in a Clause to the Bill, depending in the House, for the Settlement of Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Tho.

Stanley Baronet, for his Family's Benefit; and to enable him, in lieu thereof, to charge his Estate for the Payment of his Debts, for the Security of the said Debt; it being the only Dependence of Three orphan Sons of the said Mr. Owen, to put them forth in the World.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition . be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill if. committed.

A Petition

Rnrj's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Marston'*

Charities.

Countess of Tyrcounell's Relief.

Appreese's

Estate.

Warner'*

Estate.

780 70 Martii. A. iyor.

A Petition of Joan Bury Widow, Relict of Humphry Bury, late of Collator1, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, on behalf of her Son, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in One thousand Six hundred Seventy-five, the said Humphry did settle upon Trustees several Lands and Tenements, Coni Devon, in Tail Male; creating a Trust for Two hundred Years for raising Portions for his younger Sons, and Daughters; and, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, by his last Will, appointed a further Trust for raising One thousand Two hundred Pounds for his Daughters: But, before the said Settlement, the Premises were charged with a Mortgage, whereupon there is now due about Two thousands Pounds: That the said Humphry left One Son Thomas, an Infant, about Ten Years of Age; during whose Infancy the Mortgage-money will much increase; and also Christian, One of his Daughters, who is of Age, is. intitled to receive her Portion: And it will be more for the Advantage of the said Infant, that Part of the Premises be sold for Payment of the said Mortgage and Portion, than to be raised out of the Profits of the said Estate: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the said Humphry Bury* Estate, for paying off the said Mortgage, and Portion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bere do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Confirming and Settling divers Charities, given by the last Will of John Marston Gentleman, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Isabella Countess of Roscommon, of the Kingdom of Irelandwas presented to die House, and read; setting forth, That Wentworth Earl of Roscommon, the Petitioners late Husband, deceased, made a Conveyance, by way of Sale and Mortgage, to the Earl of Tyrconnell, of divers Lands in Ireland, which he looked upon only as a Security; and devised the Equity of Redemption thereof to the Petitioner, and her Heirs: That the said Conveyance was made after the Petitioners Marriage; yet she did not join therein, nor do any Act to debar her of her Right to Dower, or by virtue of the said Will; and the Earl of Tyrconnell forfeiting his Interest in the said Estate to his Majesty, the same became vested in the Trustees appointed by the late Act of Resumption, before whom the Petitioner entered her Claim; which they have allowed; and she is in the Receipt of a Third Part of the Profits of the said Estate: But the Countess of Tyrconnell having obtained Leave of this House to bring in a Bill to reverse the OutlawTy against her, she has not only brought in a Bill for that Purpose, but also to establish and put her into the Possession of the said Estate claimed by the Petitioner, without any Regard to the Petitioner's Title thereunto: And praying, That she may be heard, by her Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, in order that her Right may not be prejudiced by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. White, Mr. Richards, Sir Rob. Cotton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Robert Appreese the elder, and Robert Apprccse the yopnger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to^ enable Warner Lee, alias Warner Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, w as read a Second tiiue.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brnccr,

Sir Cha. Barrington, Colonel Cranford. Mr Walpole,

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Off ley, Sir Phil. Botcler, Sir Geo.

Rookr Mr. Anderton, Sir YZ/o. Hales, Mr. Pagit, Sir Ok Hedges, Mr. Dyot, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Blysse, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Barrel7, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Gulston, Mr.

Car, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Owen; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Lincolne, and Norfolke: And they are j,

to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lear have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absect*

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,' intituled, An Act Wightmt for the settling and vesting divers Manors and Lands of Francis Wightwick an Intent,. lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis Wight-wide, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon, was read a Second thne. I-

Resolved, That the Bril be committed to Mr. Pagitf,

Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Moor, Sir

Tho. Hales, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Ogle, Mr. . Bagott, Mr. Mitford, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Rich. Cocks,

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Ilarpur, Mr. Birch, Colonel King, Sir fv Edw. Hussey, Mr. Loicther, Sir John Paclcington, Sir ?r Thomas Abney, Sir Arth. Ozcen, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr.

Hysham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Champneys, Mr. Lambton; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

At:

A Petition of the Woollen-drapers in and about the Dunaski^ Cities of London and Westminster, wTas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, depending in the House, for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers

7 O f<

of various Colours on the same; will be prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactures in general, and to the Petitioners h

Trades in particular, and many others: And praying,

That they may be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Kill is committed: And that Sir William Ashurst, Sir Tho,

Abney, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Rtuda,

Mr. Ward, be added to the said Committee. '

A Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Estates Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and foi* given to applying the same for the Support of the lloyal Hospital of Greenwich; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bridges, according to Order, presented to the EirlnfCb House a Bill for making Provision for the Protestant riccardU. Children of the Earl of Clunriccardand the Lord Bophin: Provlsiat And the same was received.

Ordered, That Care be taken, That, in all the Kills Irish F<e-for* Reversing of Outlawries relating to the Irish Porfei-lurw

o o

tures, that no Profits be received by the Persons concerned before the Time of adjudging their Claim.

The House being acquainted, That there was a Mes- Lords desage from the Lords; sire Himsev

Resolved, That the Messengers be called in ^Li

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holdford # and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire this House will continue sitting for some time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved,

VjU

iy Bill; Duties.

rity of *s Per-nd Sur-m.

of Clan-trd's Pro-11 out of tied te.

enting

ury.

iesly*s

ef.

intess ime ricks ie£

ishing

)ns.

vhol-le Brau-

redith's

ate.

nterfeit-

Coin.

7° Mar Hi. 781

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Woollen, &c. Frauds of Persons employed in working up the Woollen, Manufac-Linen, and Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom, was tuie8‘ read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers fc, the YeM.

Tellers for the Noes,g£

So it passed in the Negative.

14 W. III.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to continue sitting some time.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they withdrew.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hoi-ford and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard and the Lord Bophin was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A11 ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing Perjury, by making wilful Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, in certain Cases, to be Felony, was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir John Packington, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Maurice Annesly Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Maria Eufemia Countess of Limerick, and Thomas Earl of Limerick, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Clayton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Felons, and their Accessaries: And the same was received.

A Bill to prevent the making of unwholsome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Wm. Meredith Baronet, to sell Part of a capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after-mentioned, in Ashley, in the County of Chester; he having settled other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Dr. Newton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vol. 13.

Mr. Birch reported from the Committee, to whom the Water- Bill to ascertain Water-measure of Fruit was committed, Measure of That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; Jruiu which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

A Bill to regulate the Prisons of the King's Bench and King's Bench Fleet was, according to Order, read a Second time. ^J^eet Resolved\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee 1 nson*' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Scvcn-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That

they do state the Incumbrances upon the said Prisons; and consider of the best Methods for discharging of the same; arid report the same to the House; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^r‘ ^erts> 1 euers ror the X cas, Hamy

Tellers for the N oes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for removing the said Prisons to some more secure or better Place;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Six a Clock this Evening.

THE House being met according to their Adjournment;

A Message by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher R0yai Assent of the Black Rod: to BilJs.

Mr. Speaker,

The King hath granted a Commission, under the Great Seal, for passing the Royal Assent to the Bills, which have been agreed to by both Houses of Parliament: And the Lords, commissioned by the King, desire, That this House would presently come up, with their Speaker, to the House of Peers, to be present at the passing thereof.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had been up at the House of Peers: Where the Lord Keeper signified to both Houses, That his Majesty, by reason of his Indisposition, was hindered from coming in Person; and that he had granted a Commission, under the Great Seal of England, for passing such Bills as had been agreed to by both Houses; and that Four of the Commissioners then present g N did

7$2

7° — 8* — 90

-rf. 1701,

did notify the Royal Assent to the Bills in the said Commission mentioned:

And accordingly, the Royal Assent was given to the said Bills; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry:

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of

Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors:

An Act for enabling Lyonell Earl of Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands and Tenements, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts; and settle other Lands to the Uses and Purposes in that Act mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till To-momnr Morning, Nine a Clock.

K

Die Dominico, 8' die Martii;

Anno l* Anns Reginas, 1701.

Prat ers.

Death of King William, and

Address of Condolence.

MR. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That the Queen's Majesty, in Council, had commanded Accession of him to acquaart this House, That it hath pleased God to Queen Anne, take to his Mercy our late most Gracious Sovereign King William, about Eight a Clock this Morning: And that the usual Orders were given for proclaiming her Majesty, according as hath been accustomed, at Three a Clock this Afternoon.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to the Queen, to condole with her Majesty upon the sad Occasion of the Death of our late most Gracious Sovereign; and to congratulate the happy Ac-<^ssion of her Majesty to the Throne; and to give her Majesty Assurance of the utmost Assistance of this House to support her Majesty on the Throne, and to maintain her Alliances for preserving the Liberties of Europe, and reducing the exorbitant Power of France: And that this House will effectually maintain the publick Credit of the Nation.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Thomas Powys, Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Ckenie, Mr. Cmptf, Mr. Colchester, Mr. King, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Foley, Earl of Rane-lagh, Lord Coningsby, Mr. PagetMr. Gwyn, Lord Pozvlet, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Sir John Gozver, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Harley, Sir Edzv. Seymour, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Methwin, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Spencer, Mr. Moor, Colonel Granville, Mr. Yates, Mr. St. John, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Bridges, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Smith, Colonel Byerly, Earl of Disert, Mr. Clark, Mr. Dormer, Sir Dio. Littleton, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Coke, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Mansell, Sir Rich. Cocks, Lord Sher-rard, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pelham, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Holland, Sir John Bolles: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chambers, to prepare the said Address.

Lords desire a A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford Conference, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House, presently, in the Painted Chamber, upon an extraordinary Occasion {hat has happened this Morning.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords, presently, at a Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr, Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee who are to draw up the Address to be presented to the Queen, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported the Confer- Pr^ ence; and that it was managed by the Lord Steward, who the Qi» acquainted them, That whereas it hath pleased Almighty God to take to himself the late King William the Third, of glorious Memory, at Eight of the Clock this Morning, the Princess Anne being the only rightful and lawful Queen of these Realms, the Lords have thought fit to acquaint the Commons, That Orders are given, in the usual Form, for proclaiming her Majesty at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Commfei the Lords Journals, what they have done with relation to the Method they intend to take in attending the Pro- Prect<ia5:i claiming of the Queen.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslmc, Sir Rowland Gwyn, and Mr. St. John, to do the same.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee,

That they had been at the House of Lords, and inspected their Journals: And that they do not find any Entry in their Journals, with respect to their attending the Ceremony of proclaiming the Queen; but that they understood, That the Lords do design to attend the same as Peers, and not as a House.

And, in order to the Speaker's, and Members, attend* ing the Proclaiming of the Queen;

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine a Clock.

Morning,

Lunce, 9° die Martii; Anno i° Ann® Regin®.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act puref0/j to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, Estau. and Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Shuck-burgh, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Greville, Mr. Coke, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Curson, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Harpur,

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Shackerly, Colonel Wharton, Mr.

Guy, Lord Mordant, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. ' Bridges, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Brewer, Lord Pazvlet, Mr.

Chace, Mr. Offley, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Parker, Colonel King, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Thyn, Lord Chenie, Mr. Colchester,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Owen, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Dolben,

Sir Tho. Willoughby, Mr. Anderton, Sir Edzv. Hussey; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Thomas Keightl/* Keightly Esquire, and the other Bills relating to the for- Relief, feited Estates in Ireland, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Barooesjof Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, uPPfr^* and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish e Forfeitures, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

Di( ;ized by

Go

i Ann. 9° Martii. 783

n of A Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of and Esses, carrying Corn and other inland Provisions, to the City of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brexcet', Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Owen, Mr. Campion, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Hayes, Mr. BarreU, Lord Chenie, Colonel King, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Richards, Mr. Mcmmton, Mr. Fitch, Sir Cha. Bleys, Mr. LiddaU, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Banks, Sir John Philips, Mr. Tredenham, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Offley, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Weston, Mr. Palmer; and all that serve for Kent and Essex, Surry Suffolk, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide, and make the Bill general for all Provisons carried Coastwise to the City of London.

i's Ordered, That Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Lambton, Sir

e* Hen. Colt, Mr. Owen, Mr. Offer/, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for Payment of Debts of John Hinde, deceased, is committed.

r A Bill for a Court of Conscience for the Tower Ham-

|e^ lets, Borough of Southwark, Holbourn and Finsbury e ts' Divisions, and all other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Edith's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act k* for enabling Sir William Meredith Baronet to sell Part of a Capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after-mentioned, in Ashley, in the County of Chester; he having settled other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt;

Mr. Speaker,

:er The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

nery enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in Exeter, and their Farmers and Tenants, to make Leases of and in the Manor of Culmstock, in the County of Devon: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

>Uen Ma- Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, «tares, who were appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the

Woollen Manufacture; and to consider of the best Methods for regulating and improving the same: That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to them, to the House; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee, upon Consideration of the several Petitions touching the Serge and Worsted Weavers, to them referred, do find, That the Matters therein alleged are true; but yet are of Opinion, That the said Trade ought to be free, and not restrained, according to the Prayer, of the said Petitions.

Also, upon Consideration of the several Petitions of the Woolstapiers of London and Southwark, and the Manufacturers of Colchester, complaining of the Abuses committed by several Persons deputed by the Commissioners appointed, by Act of Parliament, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, the Committee do find, That several of the Officers employed by the said Commissioners have been guilty of many corrupt and indirect Practices, to

Vo l. 13.

the great Oppression and Discouragement of the Manufacturers of Wool.

Several Instances of which Abuses appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of the Persons following; viz.

David Picket informed the Committee, That one John Hughes and William Haling did seize Seventeen Bags of Wool in November last, between Six and Seven a Clock at Night, at Butt Wharf, which came from Kingston, and was consigned to a Dealer in Bamaby-street in Southwark; and extorted from the Owner 221, as appeared by a Receipt under the Hafed of the said Wm. Haling*

Bay, Whiting said, He went with Picket to the said Haling, in order to get the Wool discharged: And Haling demanded Twenty-one Guineas for the same; which was paid him: But Hughes, hearing thereof, was very angry that the Wool should be discharged for that Sum; and refused at first to consent to it.

Tho. Child said, That he paid Forty Shillings for the Reckoning at the time when the Wool was discharged.

William Haling owned before the Committee, the Receipt of the One-and-twenty Guineas; but said, He acted by the Direction of Hughes, who received above Six Pounds of that Money: And that Mr. Jones received 10$. Mr. Haines 5 s. and the rest was spent in Charges about the Seizure.

John Hughes was called in; and produced his Deputation from the Commissioners: And said, That he acted pursuant to the Act of Parliament for preventing the Exportation of Wool: That the said Wool was seized at Ten a Clock at Night, and therefore a lawful Seizure: Said, That he was not concerned in making the Agreement about the Discharge of the said Woof neither did he receive the Twenty-one Guineas; but owned, that William Haling paid him 5 /. Part thereof.

Mr. John Denton informed the Committee, That, in November last, he had a great Quantity of Wool seized at Arundell in Sussex, in the Carrier's Hands, w'hich was entered in the King's Books at the Port of Arundell: And John Dean, the said Mr. Denton's Factor, entered into a Bond of 2,000l. to the King, that the said Wool should not be transported, but lie brought to London; notwithstanding which, one Enoch Hurley, Cha. Jones and Tho. Brains, seized the same in the King's Officers Hands: And they offered to release it, if Mr. Denton would give them 30/.; but, he refusing the same, the Wool is still detained, to his great Damage: That he has often demanded his Wool; and offered to go to a Tryal for the same in the Court of Exchequer; which they promised to do, but never gave him any Notice of a Tryal; and have often offered to deliver up the said Wool, if he would give them Money.

Mr. Thomas Brayne, one of the Officers, insisted upon the Legality of the Seizure; and said, The Officers are ready and willing to try the same with Mr. Denton in the Exchequer.

Sam. Lewin Esquire said, That he had Seven Packs of Wool seized in the Middle of Cheapside, in November last, about Six a Clock in the Evening, going to the King's Arms at Holboum- Bridge, to Froom Carrier in Somersetshire: The said Wool was seized by Spencer and Bland, whose Deputations have been taken from them for several corrupt Practices and Abuses by them committed in several Parts of England.

Mrs. Rainer said, That she had Three Packs of Wool seized in Holbome going to Leadenhall Market, by Spicer and Webster, who extorted from her 30$. for the Discharge of her Wool.

Richard Peak said, That he had Four Packs of Wool seized in Holborne, going to leadenhall Market, by the said Spicer and Webster, who extorted from him 40 s.

Richard Middleton said, That he had Four Packs of Wool seized by the said Spicer and Webster*, at Charing-cross, at Twelve a Clock at Noon, which was going to Leadenhall, Market and they extorted from him 30$. for the Discharge thereof.

Abraham

784 9° Mar tit.

- Woollen Ma- Abraham Vole, the Colchester Carrier, said, That, in n urtures. December last was Twelvemonth, one Jones and White seized One-and-twenty Bags of Wool at his own Door at Colchester; and that he paid Mr. and Jones 301.

to discharge the same: That it was near Ten a Clock at Night before he came in with his Waggon, by reason of an Accident which happened upon the Road with his Horses.

Mr. Brayne said, As to the said Twenty-one Bags of Wool, the same was seized at Ten a Clock at Night, and that it was a lawful Seizure; and a Writ of Appraisement was issued out according to Law: That several Gentlemen attended the Lord Chief Baron, to complain of this Seizure; and his Lordship ordered a new Writ of Appraisement: And accordingly the Wool*was appraised at 30 /. as a Dividend to the Officers that seized the same; which Appraisement was returned, and the Money paid to the Officer, according to Law.

Abra. Vole, the Colchester Carrier, said, That he hath several times given to one Francis Sutton .5 s. at a time, to suffer his Waggon to go unmolested; and, if the Carriers refuse to give them Money, then their Waggons are stopped, till such time as the Carriers will comply with their unreaspnable Demands.

Rich. Arnold, a Carrier, said, That very often the Carriers, by reason of Accidents upon the Road, either by breaking of their Waggons, or their Horses dying, or otherwise disabled, upon the Road, are forced to be out with their Waggons beyond the Hours limited by Act of Parliament for their carrying of Wool; and, when any Accident of that Nature happens, several Persons, pretending to be Officers, do seize their Wool, and extort Money from them.

Nathanael Lawrence Esquire, of Colchester, said, That several Persons, pretending to be Officers, do extort great Sums of Money from the Traders, who cannot carry their Wool to the Spinners, to be worked up, but immediately it is seized, under Pretence of exporting the same: That he had a Parcel of Wool seized coming from Stourbridge Fair, and he was forced to pay 41, to get the same discharged:

That he has committed some of these pretended Officers to Goal, for taking Money from Persons, in order to release Wool.

John Hughes, one of the Officers, said, That there are great Quantities of Wool bought up at Stourbridge Fair, and, under(pretence of being carried to Ipswich, and other trading Places, is conveyed away to France; and that several Persons are now under Prosecution for the same.

That there were several Proposals offered to the Committee, to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and, amongst others, one from Mr. John Purchase, a Wool-merchant, who proposed a general Registry ol all Wool throughout the Kingdom.:

And the Committee, having considered of the same, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the most effectual Way to prevent the Exportation of Wrool, is, to establish a general Register of all Wool that shall be grown in this Kingdom.

That the Committee also, upon Consideration of the Proposal of the Woolstaplers of London and Southwark, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opiiiion of this Committee, That one Way to prevent the Exportation of Wool, is, to prohibit all Wool from being water-borne on any Rivers leading to the Sea.

Resolved, That, &c. That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill pursuant to these Resolutions.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the most effectual Way to prevent the Exportation of Wool, is, to establish a general Registry of all Wool that shall be grown in this Kingdom;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That one Way to prevent the Exportation of Wool, is, to prohibit all Wool from being water-borne on any Rivers leading to the Sea;

It passed in the Negative.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee ap- Address of pointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Condolence. Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mast gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having a deep and true'Sense of the great Loss the Nation has sustained by the Death of our late Sovereign Lord King William the Third, of glorious Memory, who, under God, was our Deliverer from Popery and Slavery, humbly crave Leave to condole with Your Majesty, and express our Sorrow on this sad Occasion.

Your Majesty's Accession to the Throne, which we most heartily congratulate, and your known Zeal for our Religion, and the Government, as by Law established, gives us a certain Prospect of future Happiness; moderates our Grief; and engages us unanimously to assure Your Majesty, That we will, to the utmost, assist and support Your Majesty on that Throne where God has placed You, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all Your Enemies:

And, since nothing can conduce more to the Honour and Safety of Your Majesty, and Your Kingdoms, than maintaining inviolable such Alliances as have been made with the Emperor, the States General of the United Provinces, and other Potentates, for preserving the Liberties of Europe, and reducing the exorbitant Power of France, we do assure Your Majesty, That we are firmly resolved, to the utmost of our Power, to enable Your Majesty to prosecute that glorious Design: And, that all Your Subjects may rest in a full Assurance of Happiness under Your Majesty's Reign, we will maintain the Succession of the Crown, according to the Limitation in the several Acts of Settlement; and effectually provide for, and make good the public Credit of the Nation.

The said Address being read a Second time;

The several Amendments following, were proposed to be made therein; viz.

Alter " made," to insert " or that her Majesty shall " think fit to make ;"

And, after " Crown," to insert " in the Protestant " Line:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House dothiagree u-ith. the Committee in the said Address, so amended; which is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having a deep and true Sense of the great Loss the Nation has sustained by the Death of our late Sovereign Lord King William the Third, of glorious Memory, who, under God, was our Deliverer from Popery and Slavery, humbly crave Leave to condole with Your Majesty, and express our Sorrow, upon this sad Occasion.

Your Majesty's Accession to the Throne, which w.c most heartily congratulate, and Your known Zeal'for our Religion, and the Government, as by Law established, give us a certain Prospect of future Happiness; moderates our Grief; and engages us unanimously to assure Your Majesty, That we will, to the utmost, assist and support Your Majesty on that Throne w here God has placed You, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all Your Enemies: And, since nothing can conduce more to the Honour and Safety of Your Majesty, and Your Kingdoms,

than

l«sai

lion.

flaw

joints

me*

Coa

V

Si

L

At

£1

i Ann.

9* — i o® MartiL

than maintaining inviolable such Alliances as have been made, or that your Majesty shall think fit to make, with the Emperor, the States General of the United,

and other Potentates, for preserving the Liberties of Europe, and reducing the exorbitant Power of Prance; we do assure Your Majesty, That we are hrmly resolved, to the utmost of our Power, to enable your Majesty to prosecute the glorious Design: And, that all Your Subjects may rest in a full Assurance of Happiness under Your Majesty's Reign, we will maintain tO Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, according to the Limitation in the several Acts of Settlement; and effectually provide for, and make good, the publick Credit of the Nation,

ResOtoed, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of the House as alre of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure when she will be attended by " this House.

W»y* "d The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Meant. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several resolutions; which they had directed him to report, and to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Motion, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Qnem ap- Mr. Secretary Vernon reported to the House, That her h* Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended, by this House, at Half an Hour alter Five a Clock this Afternoon, at St. James's.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 10* die Marin;

Anno l* Ann® Regin®.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; IDE SO LVED, That this House will. Tomorrow

land Tm*0* Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Adams' Sir John Bodes reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the Bill for vesting the Estate of Richard Adam, an Infant, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, for the Maintenance and Portions of and

Eliz. Adam, Infants, the Brother and Sister of the said Richard, pursuant to the Power reserved to fVm. Adam, deceased, Father of the said Infants, in and by his Marriage Settlement, and not executed by him in his Lifetime, was committed, That they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bridges in Bill to explain and alter the Act, made in the Two-and- Hl&hways-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House took into Consideration the- Proposals i^sh made for the purchasing the forfeited Estates in Ireland. Forfeitures.

Ordered, That Leave be giveirfo bring in, a Bill for the better Sale of the forfeited' Estates in Ireland: And that Sir Charles Hedges do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of Robert Parker senior, Clothworker, on Damasking behalf of himself, and others the first Inventors of the Stuffs.

Art or Mystery of Damasking, Striking, and Fixing, of Colours, into all Sorts of Stuffs, Cloth, Velvets, and Hair; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for divers Years past, the Petitioners have practised the said Arts: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill depending in the ' ,.

House for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours, into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, before the Committee, upon the said Petition.

A Petition of Thomas Plomer, Joseph Roe, and others^ Ditto, on behalf of themselves, and divers Traders and Manufacturers in Wool, residing in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours, into all Sorts of Stuffs, and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; which, if it should pass, will be prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacture in general, and particularly to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard what they have to offer against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, upon their said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cuddon Knight, and others, Ditto, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in Beautifying of Stuffs, and Woollen Manufactures, with hot Rolls, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for above Thirty Years past, the Petitioners have used the Trade of printing, damasking, and embossing, and raising, Flowers, Shades, and Figures, of divers Sorts, on Woollen Stuffs, to the great Improvement thereof: And praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Bill fqr the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours, into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same: do pass this House. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear the Matter of all the Petitions referred to them against the said Bill:

And that they do make a special Report thereupon to the House, before they proceed upon the said Blit

9 O Mr.

The

Chaplain.

Ways and Means.

786 to'Marti.

A. 1701.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That, by reason of his late Majesty's Indisposition, he did not think fit to trouble his Majesty with the Address on behalf of Dr. Gastrcll, Chaplain to this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That her Majesty will please to bestow some Dignity in the Church upon Dr. Francis Gastrcll, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

thousand Seven hundred and Six, be further continued until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ten.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers, which were first granted by an Actin the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Said late Majesty King William the Third, and, by an Act in the Eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, have Continuance until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Six, be further continued until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ten.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, 9- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to That the Duties on Houses, which were first granted by whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, Majesty King William die Third, and, by an Act in the the Resolutions of thCsaid Committee, which they had Eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, have Cdnti-directed him to report to the House; which he read nuance until the First Day of Au«»ust One thousand Seven in his Place.; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's hundred and Six, be further continued until the First Day Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ten.

viz. 1 o. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, granted by

That an Aid be granted to her Majesty, by a Tax, to"be an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late laid upon all beneficial Grants of Lands, Pensions, Annu- Majesty King William the Third, after all the Principal ities, and Offices, in England, granted by the Crown, and Interest, to which the same is now liable, shall be since the Twenty-ninth Day of May, One thousand Six paid off, be appropriated and applied for and towards the hundred Sixty. making good the Principal and Interest of Parliamentary

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Funds, which are deficient, and unprovided for.

That the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other 11. Resolved, That His the Opinion of this Committee,

Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and That the Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen, ini-imported, which were first granted by an Act in the posed by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign T weifth Year of King Charles the Second, and, by an Act of his late Majesty King William the Third, and which of the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King William the were granted for the Term of Eight Years, be continued Third, are to have Continuance until the First Day of until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hun-August One thousand Seven hundred and Six, be further dred and Ten.

continued until the First Day of August One thousand 12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Seven hundred and Ten. That the said Duties so to be continued, be appropriated

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and applied for and towards the Principal and Interest That the Impositions upon Wine and Vinegar, which were of Parliamentary Funds, which are deficient, and un-first granted in the First Year of the Reign of the late provided for.

King James the Second, and, by an Act in the Eighth 13- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the That, after all die Principal and Interest secured by the Third, are to continue until the First Day of August Act made, for making good the Deficiencies, passed in One thousand Seven hundred and Six, be further continued the Eighth Year of the late King William the Third, until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hun- shall be satisfied, the Remainder of the Monies to come dred and Ten. in, by that Act, of the Funds thereby granted for making

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, good the said Deficiencies, be applied for or towards die That the continued Impositions on Tobacco, which were making good the Principal and Interest of Parliamentary also first granted in the First Year of the Reign of the late Funds, which are deficient, and unprovided for.

King James the Second, and have Continuance until the The First Seven of the said Resolutions, being severally First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally Six, be further continued until the First Day of August put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

One tiiousand Seven hundred and Ten. The Eighth Resolution being read a Second time,

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the Question being put, That the House do agree

That the Impositions upon East India Goods, and other with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Merchandizes, which were granted by an Act in the Se- Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and eond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William "Widowers, which were first granted by an Act in the Sixth the Third, and, by an Act in the Eighth Year of his said Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the late Majesty's Reign, have Continuance until the First Third, and, by an Act in the Eighth Year of his said late Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Six, Majesty's Reign, have Continuance until the First Day of be further continued until the First Day of August One August One thousand Seven hundred and Six, be further thousand Seven hundred and Ten. continued until the First Day of August One thousand

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seven hundred and Ten;

That the additional Impositions upon several Merchan- It passed in the Negative.

dizes, which were first granted by an Act of the Fourth The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally Third, and, by an Act of the Eighth Year of his said late put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Majesty's Reign, have Continuance until the First Day of Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the August One thousand Seven hundred and Six, be further said Resolutions, agreed unto by the House: And that continued until the First Day of August One thousand Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Lowndes, do Seven hundred and Ten. prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills.

.. 7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, Mr; Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported from Arrears of as were first granted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, t'ubllclc his late Majesty King William the Third, and, by an Act That the House will appoint a Day to take into Consi- ' of the Eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, deration the Arrears standing out, relating to publick have continuance to the First Day of August One Funds.

6 Ordered,

Jl«st

frail

ih

Irish

Iritoi

Mi

Atco

Irish

bun

Oi.

‘Vif

‘*8 -'4

u*

«d.

»a

‘J

Of

<ie

tf

b

h

8

U

Ann.

io° Ma

787

Answer to Address.

Relict of Garret Faulks Esquire, and of Elis. Faulks her Daughter, being read; and also the 1 rustees Report thereupon; the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for the Relict to avoid any Mistake, desire a Copy of her Majesty's of the said and according

most gracious Answer: Whereupon her Majesty's Good- to the Prayer of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Arrears be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Yesterday present to her Majesty their humble Address: And that the great Croud occasioning much Noise, he did,

ness was such, writing, as followed);

that she sent it viz.

him of her own Hand-

Gentiemen,

I Return you my hearty Thanks for the kind Assurances you give me in this Address: They cannot be any way more agreeably confirmed to me, than by your giving Dispatch to all your Preparations for the Public Service; and the Support of our Allies.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privilege*, tions be discharged from hearing any more Causes this Session, excejit the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, which they have entered upon.

The House divided.

The Yea6 go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,^'

00,

fa.

Irish For* feitares.

Publick

Accounts.

Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered, That the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures be read a Second time Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from die Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for taking the publick

Sir E(ki\:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Colonel Stringer and Colonel Granville do prepare, and bring in, the said Rill.

The Trustees were called in:

And the Petition of Colonel Henry being

read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon.; the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. ,according to the

Prayer of his Petition: And that the Lord and

Sir Thomas Pouis do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees w ere called in:

And the Petition of Catharine Lutterell Widow, the Relict of Simon Lutterell Esquire, deceased; being read;

Accounts of the Kingdom was committed, be made upon a,d also the Trustees Report thereupon; the 1 rustees Thursday Morning next were heard thereunto:

Who acquainted the House, That her Claim had been The House, according to Order, proceeded further in allowed before the Trustees, as to what she petitioned the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland and the Trustees Reports thereupon.

And the Trustees in Town attending;

'J'liey were called in.

The Petition of the Lord Viscount Mont joy being read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon; the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That I*eave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Lord A/ontjoy.

Ordered.

for.

The Petition of Jane Lava an Infant, Daughter and sole Heiress of Patrick Lavallin Esquire, deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon; the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they w ithdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Jane Lavallin, by reversing her Outlawry, to enable her to make her Claim to the Estatfe claimed by her.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges and Sir Joseph Tre-

That it lie an Instruction, That the said,

Lord Montjoybe allowed the Sum of Four thousand do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Pounds out of the Sale of the said Estate, mentioned in The 1 rustees were called in: his Petition. And the Petition of Mary Vernon, the Daughter and

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley and Mr. Dolben do IIeir of Edward Vernon Esquire, deceased, being read; prepare, and bring in, the said Rill. and the Trustees Report thereupon; the Trustees were

Ordered, Thatdie Petition, mid Report, of Phil. So- beard thereunto.

vage Esquire be considered, in the First place, the next Day that any of the Petitions and Reports, touching the Irish Forfeitures, shall he taken into Consideration.

The Trustees were called in:

And the Petition of Captain Richard Fit z-Pat rick being read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon; the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for the Relief of the said Captain Fitzaccording to the Prayer of his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees were cant'd in;

And the Petition of Charles Earl of Abcrcorne, lately deceased, and Catharine Countess of Ahercorne, his Wife, late Relict of William Lent hall Esquire, deceased, being

read; and also the Trustees Report thereupon; the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Countess of Ahercorneaccording to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees were called in:

And the Petition of Eliz. Wthe Widow and Vo l. 13.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Mary Vernon, by reversing her Outlawry, in order to enable her to make her Claim to the Estate claimed by her.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges and Air. Dolben da prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Itvland; and the Trustees Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- privateers, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulkely, Mr. Pershall, Mr. Chase, Baroness of Mr. Brereton, Mr. Herne, Mr. Mr. Williams, Upper O*-

Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Grahme, Mr. WiniMr. Parker, 80rys Re *"

Mr. Bromley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Doivthy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roch, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock*

788

11° Mar Hi.

A. i 761

Mcrcurii, 11* die Anno 1* Ann® Regin®.

Statute of Mortmain*

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, concerning Rochester Bridge:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

PSayehs.

THE Statute of Mortmain of 7* Edw. t. being

read;

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to mgrossed. bring in a Bill to suspend the Statute of Mortmain, in

Ease of such Persons as have Glebe Lands, Tythes, and Message from her Majesty, by Sir David , Memgr to

Tenths, of any kind, and are willing to settle them upon Gentleraan *tr8her of foe Black Rod: attend the

such Churches or Chapels as they shall jud^e to stand in j^r

most need thereof; and a Debate arising in the House The Queen commands this Honourable House to attend

thereupon; _ ..... her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty.

"TV. 0rdmd'- *!* ^ep?rt. *T £? Com>tee. »>" Mr 's^r'^rted', That the House had attended H» Mt

'£23*. "w.'yTiHT v"p "!? C°"' her Mejeuy in the louse of Peers: Where her Majesty

Ab"" "* K"es Brewhouse in to dous s h to

Si. Calharmc., be made Tomorrow Mormng. Ho,of Parliament: And, in regard of the Croud, and

forititu

jeppJvl

Udl;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Friday Morning next

Mars ton's Charities*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Confirming and Settling of divers Charities, given by the last Will of Job Marston Gentleman, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Sir

egard

Noise, he had procured a Copy thereof; which he read; and is as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot too much lament my own Unhappiness, in Henry Dutt.Colt, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Heme, Mr. Palmes, succeeding to the Crown so immediately after the Loss of Mr. Johnson, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. a King, who was the great Support not only of these Colchester, Mr. Birch, Lord Coningsby, Mr Burnaby, Kingdoms, but of all Europe; and I am extremely sensible

Mr. ManseU, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Harley, of die Weight and Difficulty it brings upon Me.

Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hysham, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. But the true Concern I have for our Religion; for the Gorge, Sir Fran. Blake, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Sir Edw. Emly, Daw s and Liberties of England; for the maintaining the Mr. Harpur, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Clayton, Succession to the Crown in the Protestant Line; and the

Mr. Ogle, Sir Fran.War, Mr. Ash, Mr Wild, Mr. Fox, Government in Church and State, as by Law established;

Mr. Cox, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Harcey; and all that serve encourages Me in this great Undertaking; which, I pro-for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Hereford: m'se myself, will be successful, by the Blessing of God, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in and the Continuance of that Fidelity and Affection, of the Speakers Chambers. which you have given Me so full Assurance.

The present Conjuncture of Affairs requires the greatest An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Application and Dispatch; and I am very glad to find, in to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church your several Addresses, so unanimous a Concurrence in of St, Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers and Tenants, the same Opinion with Me, That too much cannot be to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Culmstock, in done for the Encouragement of our Allies, to reduce the the County of Devon, was read the First time. exorbitant Power of France.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. I think it very necessary, at this Time, to desire you to

consider of proper Methods for attaining an Union be-Ordered, That Sir Tho. Pauys, Sir John Howies, Sir tween England and Scotland; which has been so lately Edm. Denton, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Kendall, Mr. Ettrick, recommended to you as a Matter that very nearly con-Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Theobald, be added to the cenas the Peace a«d Safety of both Kingdoms. Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to s^U T Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

certain Messuages, Rent?, and Grounds, in the Parish of 1 need not Put >'ou m mind* That the Revenue, for

St. Martins in the Fields, for the Payment of the Debts defraying the Expences of the Civil Government, is ex-of John Hind, is committed. P,red: 1 rely entirely upon your Affections for the supplying it in such manner as shall be most suitable for the

Bridges in The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Highways, into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to T My Lords and Gentlemen,

whom the Bill to explain and alter the Act, made in the t_ " s^a. my constant Endeavour to make you the best Twenty-second Year of King Hairy the Eighth, con- Retu fordlat LDuty Affection which you have ex-

Exeter

Deanery

Estate.

Ixpl

becc

king

hn

Mi

inV

ck

Hinds

Estate*

said Bill, being once read throughout, and then a Second s"re 5>> f« «"J <h;"S V on expecg or desrre

time, one by L; were, upon the Question severally put fro"> "'"ch 1 .**>'* read>r ,0 do ,or hf, thereupon, agreed unto by the House. «nd ^*"9 *-,gh,d; and yon si, all ahvays

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, touch- fmd mc a s,nc' «"d rcl, S,0"s observer of M? Word' ing Bridges to be repaired by the County;

The same was once read: Resolved, Nemine contradicenie, That the humble Thank* far

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty, for her a Second time; Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

It passed in the Negative. Ordered, That the said humble Thanks of this House be

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, returned to her Majesty by such Members of this House for Inhabitants to be Witnesses; as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, RNemine contradicenie. That tins House will, Th*Qw.o'. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration her Ma-

House to be made Part of the Bill.

jesty's most gracious Speech.

Ordered,

1

Irish

Forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Subsidies and Land Tax,

Explaining 7 W. III. for Security of King's Person.

Selling Lands in Whit-church*

Committees.

Keightley's

Relief.

!Earl of Clanriccard's &c. Provision.

i Ann. i G — ii* Martil.

Ordered, That the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures he read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at the first Sitting of the House.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care, that the same Commissioners only, who executed the Act for the last Year's Land Tax, do execute the said Act for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the 'said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit a»ain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Iriday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. lJitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act, made at the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty-second of November, in the Seventh Year of the Iteign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for die -better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Uses therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care, that all the Lord Children be bred Protestants in England.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do take care, that, in all die Bills relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, the Estates therein mentioned be lett to none but Protestants.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do take care, that none but Protestant Descendants have any Benefit by the said Bills.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of East Retford Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of East Ret/ord, in the County of Nottingham, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellew, with BelWs relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time, belief.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That die Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esquire, with Singleton's relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Rel, cf* Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossoiy, and Captain James with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

A Bill for the Relief of MauriceAnnesly Esquire, with Annesl/s relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time. Relief*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roches with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Hannah Macdonnell, with rela- Macdonneir* tion to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time. Relief.:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorof Ay Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Anno l* Annas Regime.

v Prayers.

ABI L L for the Relief of Thomas Esquire*

w'ith relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to w horn the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dow ager of Upper Ossoiy, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

A Bill for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanrkcard and the Lord Bophin was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain Roche, with

relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed: And that

Mr. Pendarvis, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Drake, Mr. Seabed,

Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Gxoyn, Mr Mr. Byerly, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Etterick", be added to the said Committee. Vo*.. 13. '

A Bill for the Relief of Maria Countess of Countes* of

Limerick, and Thomas Earl of Limerick, with relation to Limerick's the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time. Relief.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche,

with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care, that all the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures be amended, and made according to the Orders of the House for bringing in the said Bills.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Supply Bill; of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Subsidies and her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Laad Tax, for the E«u*d Tax. Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, That they do hear Mr. Chetwind, upon his Petition, and the Commissioners complained of therein, as to what they have to offer for their Justification.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Explaining for cxplaininga Clause in an Act, madeat the Parliament Act7 W.lll. begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty-second of foJ Security November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our j>ers(JU? Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, was read, the First time.

- 9 P Resolved,

Jews

Protestant

Children.

l)uty on Sale of joint Stock Shares.

Answer to Trunks.

The Queen's Speech considered.

Supply.

Union with Scotland.

Norwich

Election.

79° i a. Martii. A. 1701.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the respective Parishes of St. Andrew St.

tolptis Bishopsgate, St. Buttolph's Aldgate, St. Catharine

Creed Church, St. Catharine Coleman, and St. James Duke's Palace, in the City of London; praying, That a Bill may be brought in to oblige Jacob Mendez de Bret a, in particular, and the Jews in general, to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children; was referred; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for laying a Duty upon buying and selling, of bargaining for, Shares in any joint Stocks or Corporations: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Hedges reported to the House, That their humble Thanks having been returned to her Majesty for her Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament Yesterday, the said Message had a very gracious Reception: And that her Majesty had been pleased to command him to assure this House, That nothing shall be wanting on her Part, that may contribute to their Safety, and Welfare.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

And the same was again reud by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Union with Scotland.

Sir RowlandGwyn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Norwich; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were ftad; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Havers Esquire, One of the Sheriffs of Norwich; and also upon the Petition of Peter Thackei* Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Robert Davy Esquire, to serve for the said City of Norwich:

That the First thing the Committee proceeded on, was, the Right of Election: And the Right not being controverted either by the Petitioner or the Sitting Member; but allowed to be as in the following Resolution; the Committee for the better Settling of the Right came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Norwich is in the Freeholders, and such Freemen only of the said City as are entered in the Books, and do not receive Alms or Charity.

That, as to the Matter of the Return, upon Inspection of the Record, it appeared to be thus:

That there are Two Sheriffs of Norwich: The present Sheriffs are, Mr. Nall, and Mr. Haiers the Petitioner:

I he M rit was delivered to Mr. Havers, who afterwards delivered it over to Mr. Nall.

That it was admitted, That Mr. being an

2

Attorney, had all along done the Business of the Under Sheriff as well for himself as Mr. Havers the other Sheriff: That in this Case, Mr. Nall signed the Indenture, by which the Return was made; and Mr. Havers refused to sign it; and that Mr. Nall, as is usual for Under Sheriffs, subscribed Mr. Havers' Name, as well as his own, to the Indorsement of the Writ; importing, That the Execution of the Writ appeared by the said Indenture annexed; and then carried the same, and filed it with the Clerk of the Crown: That Mr. Havers, being not satisfied with the Return of Mr. Davy, brought up with him an Indenture; signed by several Inhabitants, and himself; importing the Return of Mr. Clark, and Mr. Thacker; and, after the Writ so returned by Mr. Nall had been filed, offered the same to the Clerk of the Crown, to be affixed to the Writ? to make a double Return; but the Clerk of the Crown, having had a perfect Return before, did not think fit to annex the same to the Writ:

But that the Matter chiefly in Difference between the Parties, in relation to the Petition of Mr. Havers, was about the Declaring of the Election, and refusing a Scrutiny:

And, to that, Mr. Havers' Counsel called several

Witnesses:

Mr. Matthew Coates said, He saw the Books sealed up by both the Sheriffs, as he believes, in order to a Scrutiny.

Mr. Edxo. Lock said, That, the Day after the Election, he was desired to go along with Mr. Sheriff Havers, to open the Books; and when they came to Mr. Sheriff Nall's House, they found the Books open.

Mr. John fViggot, Mr. Bernard Tooley, Mr. Thomas Lombe: The Substance of whose Evidence was; That the Election was on Wednesday the 26th of November last: That the Poll being cast up the next Day, there was a Scrutiny demanded, and consented to, by all Persons: That, on Friday, when they met in the Chamber,

to proceed in the Scrutiny, a Dispute arose about the adding one Cartwright to Mr. Davy's Poll; and thereupon

Sheriff Nall said, He would declare Mr. Davy to be duly lected; which Mr. Havers protested against: That, afterwards, Mr. Sheriff Nall, and Mr. Havers, went into the Court, and Mr. Sheriff Nall declared Mr. Clark and Mr. Davy duly elected: That Mr. Sheriff , though in Court, did not give his Assent to such Declaration; but disagreed to it; yet, notwithstanding, Mr. Sheriff Nall proceeded to prepare, and, with several others, to sign an Indenture for the Return of Mr. Clai'k and Mr. Davy; and offered the same to Mr. Sheriff Havers to sign; which Mr. Havers refused to sign.

And, upon this Fact, Mr. Thacker's Counsel argued. That the Election w as not well declared, nor the Return well made.

That the Question, as to Cartwright, was, Whether he came soon enough to be polled: And, as to that; Mr. Havers' Counsel called,

Mr. Sam. Crombe: Who gave an Account, That there was appointed a distinct Place, and a Bool:, for the taking each Candidate's Poll: That it was agreed, for the more certain concluding the Poll at the several Books, at the same time a certain Signal should be given for the shutting up the Books: That, an Hour and more before the Books were shut up, a Proclamation was made for all Persons to come and poll within an Hour: That they set their Watches; and that the Books were not shut up till 2 or 3 Minutes after the Hour expired; and, after the Books were shut up, Mr. Cartwright came to Mr. Davy's Poll, and desired to be polled for him:

That then Air. Thacker's Counsel, who were the same Persons retained by Air. Havers, proceeded to the Merits of the Election: And Air. s Counsel

insisted, That their Client had the Majority of qualified Votes.

Upon the Poll there were,

For Air. Doty - 1,042.

For Mr. Thacker - - - 1,041.

That

i Ann.

i 2° Martii. 791

That the First Sort of Persons Mr. Thacker's Counsel That a Question being started, Whether those Men, Norwich excepted to, and gave Evidence against, was to Four who were made free after the Teste of the Writ, and Election. Persons who were Minors: excepted to by Mr. Davy, had a Right to vote; the

The next Head of Exception was to such as had Committee came to this Resolution: polled as Freemen, and could not be found in the Free- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, men's Books: That such Persons, as had a Right to their Freedom iu

And they gave Evidence against 88 Persons, on that the City of Norwich before the Teste of the Writ, and Account; and to Two, as having polled twice: took out their Freedom after the said Teste, not having

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence against, demanded the same before the said Teste, had not a Right 18 others, as living in Hospitals, or receiving Parish to vote in the last Election of Citizens to serve in this Relief, which they call Collection. present Parliament for the said City.

That Mr. Davy the Sitting Member's Counsel first That the next Head of Exception to Mr. Thacker's applied themselves to answer what was objected to as to Voters were, such as voted as Freemen, and could

the Matter of the Return; and then to make out their not be found in the Freemen's Books: And

Majority on the Poll: Mr. said, He had searched the Books, and

And, in Point of Law, Mr. Kendall, of Counsel with could not find 83 Persons, that voted for Mr. Thacker, the Sitting Member, insisted, That, where there are Two in the Freemen's Books.

Sheriffs, the Act of one would bind the other; and that That the next Head of Exception was to Hospital-the Writ being indorsed in the Name of both Sheriffs, and men:

that by one who was not only One of the High Sheriffs, And they gave Evidence to Eleven Persons, who voted but had all along acted for both in the Execution of the for Mr. Thacker, that were Hospital-men:

Office of Sheriff, this was a good Return in Law. That they also shewed, that 33 Persons were named

But as to the Fact of the Declaration of the Election, twice, or oftener, in the Poll.

and what related to Mr. Cartwright, and the Scru- But, as to that, it was answered, and admitted, That

tiny, Mr. Davy's Counsel called several Witnesses: there were all of those Names, except Five, several Mr. Robert Snell, Mr. Nic.Ilel-jys, Mr. Tho. Pal- Freemen in Norwich, grave: The Substance of whose Evidence was, That they That they also excepted to, and proved by the Book, were in the Hall at the time Mr. Sheriff Nall declared the That 21 Persons, named in Mr. Poll, received

Election, and were so near, that, if Mr. Sheriff DaversCollection, had made any publick Protestation against it, they must That then Mr. Thacker's Counsel were heard by way have heard it; and they did not hear Mr. Davers make of Reply:

any Protestation against the Declaration of the Election by And that they allowed the Three Minors excepted to Sheriff Nall: It was acknowleged, That a Scrutiny was by Mr. Davy's Counsel:

demanded, and granted; but it went off, upon a Dispute That, as to the 83 Persons, excepted to by Mr. 3 of putting down Air. Cartwright's Name upon the roll; Counsel, as not being found in the Freemen's Books, they it having been agreed the Day before, that Mr. Cart- justified 51 of them: And, as to Three others, it was said, wright's Name should be put down on Air. Davy's Poll, They polled for Mr. Decoy, as well as Mr. Thacker. subject to Scrutiny in point of Right; but not in point of That the Counsel for Mr. Thacker were then admitted Time: And, the next Day, when the Scrutiny was to to give Evidence of such as polled for Mr. Davy, and have l>egun, Mr. Thacker's Friends went off from what were made free after the Teste of the Writ: And 14 they had agreed to the Day before: And thereupon Mr. were allowed to be made free after the Teste of the Writ:

Sheriff Nall said, If they could not agree at the Beginning, They also shewed several others, named in Mr. Davy's it was to no Purpose to go on with the Scrutiny; but he Poll, who, or some of the same Name, were made free ' would declare the Election according to the Majority; after the Teste of the Writ.

which accordingly he did, as is said before, Mr. Davers But, to answer that, on the other Side, they shewed standing by him; and did not, to their Hearing, con- several of the same Name, made free long before the tradictit: That, after the Declaration, an Indenture of Teste of the Writ.

Return was prepared, and signed by Mr. Nall, in Court, That it is to be taken Notice of, that there seem to and offered to Mr. Sheriff" Davers to sign; which he did be, in the Poll, several Misnomers; which made the not absolutely refuse to do; but took Time to consider Evidence of qualifying and disqualifying Votes the more of it: And Air. Delays said, That, after Mr. Nall had uncertain.

declared the Election, Mr. Davers said, He could not And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee be against that Declaration. came to this Resolution:

That Mr. Davy's Counsel admitted the Four Minors, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, excepted to by the Petitioner. That Robert Davy Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to

That the next Thing Mr. Detoy's Counsel proceeded serve in this present Parliament for the City of Nor-

on was, to justify such Votes as had been excepted wich.

to by the Petitioner. The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

And die first Head they called to, was that of Free- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, men: agreed unto by the House.

And they gave Evidence to the Justification of 55, as entered in the Freemen's Books, or Freeholders; and Four Sir Rowland Gayn also, according to Order, reported Caine others, they said, had been disqualified upon , another from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Election. Head: Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for

That, as to the Evidence given to disqualify several the Borough of Caine, in the County of I Vi Its; and the of Mr. Denys Voters, as receiving Charity; Mr. Decoy's Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had Counsel insisted. That it was not any concluding Evidence, directed him to report to the House; which he read in his because they did not produce the Books. Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

That then Mr. Dary's Counsel proceeded to make Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

several Exceptions to Mr. Thackers Voters: That the Committee have examined the Matter of the

And the First Head of Exception was, to such as were double Return (or Caine; and also the Merits of the made free after the Teste of the Writ: Election upon the several Petitions of Sir Charles

And, by the Freemen's Books, it appeared, That Knight, and Edzo. Boynton Esquire:

Six-and-thirty, named in Mr. Thackers Poll, had been That the Right of Election is in the ancient Burgesses:

made free after the Teste of the W'rit: The Right of Return is in the Two Stewards: The se-

That they also gave Evidence, That Three Persons, nior Steward has the Custody of the Seal; and tho who polled for Mr. Thacker, were Minors. junior the Custody of the Book:

Vol. li\ That

Cains

Election.

793 13° — 130 M A. 1701.

That the senior Steward voted for Mr, and

put the Common Seal to his Return:

That the junior Steward voted for Sir Hedges whose Return is under the Hands and Seal of the said Steward and Burgesses:

That the Numbers upon the Poll were equal;

Eight for Sir Charles Hedges, and Eight for Mr. Bainton.

Mr. Richard Seagredelivered in to the Committee the

Poll at the last Election; and said. That he, and the senior Bailiff, had equal Power; and that the Precept for this Election was delivered to him, and he gave a Receipt for it; and that he himself proclaimed the Day of this last Election; and his Partner joined with him.

That it was insisted by Sir Cha. Hedges' Counsel, That some indirect Practices had been used to gain Votes for Mr. BaintonAnd they examined some Witnesses:

77/o. Fowler gave an Account, That Stephen Blake, One of the Voters for Mr. Bainton, w'as at London at the time of the Dissolution, and came home to Caine on Wednesday before the Election: That he did not stay at home; but went to Mr. Haskins's, who was the Steward that returned Mr. Bainton, and kept a Publick-house; and there was kept by Force: He acknowledged he had a Warrant to arrest the said Blake; but, he said, Weeks the Attorney had promised him he should not be arrested till the Election was over: Fowler said also, That Haskins solicited Votes for Mr. Bainton:

He also said, that, upon Discourse with Walter Dole-man, and another Man, who was a Carpenter, before the Election preceding this last, they declared, They would not be for Mr. Bainton, but on account that he Would get their Debts paid, which were owing from a Kinsman of Mr. Bainton s: And before th e

Dissolution of last Parliament, said, He had received 50 /. the Remainder of his Debt.

Tun. Seager said, That, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, Blake said, He would be for Sir Charles Hedges, and make what Interest he could for him.

Rich.Seager said, That, since the Dissolution of the last Parliament, he went to Walter Doleman, and desired his Vote for Mr. Chivers; and Dolcman answered,

That Mr. Bainton had paid him all his Money, and he Would be for him: That he was invited by Mr. Haskins, on the Election-day, to Dinner; and told, It should Cost him nothing: And that Mr. Bainton was there upon several Days.

John Laiidrick said, That, the Election before this Mr. Haskins bid him look into a Paper in the Window, and there was Ten Guineas; and, if he would vote for Mr. Bainton, he should have them: He said, He did see Guineas there; but could not tell how many.

That it appeared also, That Blake was, after he came down, at Normans, One of Mr. Bainton s Voters, at the drinking a Bowl of Punch.

That the Counsel for Mr. Bainton insisted, That the Returns had been all along made under the Common Seal: And they called some Witnesses:

Mr. Haskins said, That he had known 40 Years, and Four or Five Elections; and that the Returns were always made by the senior Steward: That Blake, when he came from London, went first to his own House on the Wednesday; but, hearing the re were Writs out against him, sent to him the next Day, to advise with him; and, on the next Day, being Friday, came to his House, to be safe: That there was 100 /. Action against him: That Mr. Bainton s Friends, who came to see him, paid their Club; and Blake himself paid for what he had at his House:

He said, That the Town have 150?. at Interest, which Interest is given among poor Tradesmen; and that one Landrick, who voted for Sir Cha. Hedges, received some of that Money; but he could not say it was the last Year.

Blake himself, being examined, said, He was, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday Nights at Haskins's, and paid for what he had: He said, There was no Force upon him; but he understood there was a Writ against him at Sir

IJungerfords Suit; and was at Mr. Haskins', because he was afraid of an Arrest: And denied he promised to be for Sir Charles Hedges before he went down: lie said,

The Head Stewards commonly made the Return, and, in the Town-business, had a casting Voice.

That they produced the Precept the last Election, which was to the Steward in the single Number: And the Under Sheriff said, The Reason was, he did not know, There were two Stewards.

To answer which, on behalf of Sir Cha. Hedges, were produced Three Returns;

14 Feb. 31 Car. zdi.

3 Feb. 33 Car. idi.

21 Feb. 33 Car. 2di.

The Indentures of which said several Returns were between the Sheriff and both Stewards.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Charles Hedges is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Echo. Bainton Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Caine.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Election for the Borough of Caine is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of in

the place of Sir Charles Hedges Knight, and Edward Bainton Esquire; whose Election, upon their double Return, is declared to be void.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Publick whole House, to whom the Bill for taking the publick Account*. Accounts of the Kingdom was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Renda, Mr. Jennings, Mr. - Cham ncy, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Blake, Mr. Bridges, be added Navigation to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Cham, alias Graut, more navigable, from Clayhilh, in the County of Cambridge, unto King's Mills, in the University and Town of Cambridge, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Martii;

Ariho 1* Annas Regin®.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Sudbury Burgesses, and chief Inhabitants, of the Borough Workhouse, of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners arc very much oppressed, by Reason of the Poor of the said Town; they at present paying Ten Shillings in the Pound for their Relief; and that the Charge is like to increase, by the Decay of Trade there: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting a Workhouse, or Workhouses, for employing the poor of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Dysert, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, and Sir Gen.

Etwes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of Sir Arthur Ozven Baronet, in the Behalf, Land Tax. and at the Request, of the Commissioners, and of a great

Number

I thin

Mer

hu

h

b

s»:

£1

Ci

i Ann. 13 ' Mar793

Number of the Freeholders and Inhabitants within the Tw o Hundreds of Turkelinand Mall radii, in the County of

Anglcseu, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Two Hundreds paid their full Proportions of a Land Tax granted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign: But John Owen Esquire, and other Commissioners in the other Parts of the said County, being the greater N umber, in Ease of the Hundreds of Tyndtry, and in the said County, where they live, have surcharged the Hundred of Turkelin with Forty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence; and with Thirty-nine

Pounds Twelve Shillings; and levied the same with all Severity: Of which the Petitioners complained to the said other Commissioners; who, instead of relieving them, upon a subsequent Act in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Willidmi Terliifor a Land 'Fax, they charged the Hundred of Turkelin with Sixty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight-pence; and with Fifty-nine Pounds

Eight Shillings and Three Halfpence, more than their full Proportions, according to the said Act; in Ease of the said Three-Hundreds, and the Oppression of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land 'l ax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

SrtlinRLands -An *n"ro3?ecl Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act in Whit- for vesting several Me-Miages, Land-, and Tenements, in

church. the Parish of Whitsun eh, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Uses therein mentioned; was read the hirst time.

Jtcsolvid, That the Bill be lead a Second time.

Meredith* An itigrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ilsuu. for enabling Sir /ViHi am /credit b Baronet, to sell Part of

a capital Messuage, Lauds, and Hereditaments, herein after-mentioned, in Ash in the County of lie having settled other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of By serf. Sir Roger Moslyn, Mr. h/, Sir

H roth, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mr. Mr.

G 11/ston, Sir John Holies, Sir John Phi Hips, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Pnby, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Pugg, Sir II Sir

Arth. Owen, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Mr. Jacob,

Air. Pugg, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Owen, Sir Edw. Korreys, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. and all that serve

lor North /Pales and Lancashire: And they are to meet this Afternoon at l ive a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Burouffs of Ordered, That Mr. Cotton, Lord Cheney, Air.

Upper O*- fescue, Lord Hyde, Mr. Mr. Roberts, Mr.

*ory» Relief- Thyti, Mr. King, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James with relation

to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

F. ortinff A Petition of divers of the Copper-miners, Owners

Copper. and Proprietors of the Copper-works, Copper-mills, Bra-siers, and others concerned in, amji depending upon, the Copper Manufacture within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and lead; setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Yearn of his late Majesty's Reign, for settling the Trade to a Draw back of the Duties upon all Copper Bars, foreign, shall be granted upon Exportation thereof: Which Act passed without a Hearing of the Petitioners, who were greatly concerned to oppose the same; but a Clause being brought in for the Purpose aforesaid, after the Bill was committed, the Petitioners had not timely Notice thereof; the said Drawback being very prejudicial to the English Copper Manufacture, which now is sufficient for our own Con-Vojl. 13,

sumption, and a foreign Trade also, in as great Perfection, and as cheap, as any foreign Copper Manufactures: And praying, That the Clause, in the said Act, for the Exportation of foreign Copper in Bars, and the Drawback of the Duties thereon, may be repealed.

And the said Clause being read;

Ordered, That Leave be givgn to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Granville, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Freeman, and Mr. Manley, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they do take care to regulate the Price of Copper.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer t» House, That their Address having been presented to her Address. Majesty, That her Majesty would please to bestow some Dignity in the Church upon Dr. Francis Chap-

lain to this House; her Majesty was pleased to answer.

That she would bestow some Dignity in the Church upon him, as desired.

A Petition of the Afayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Dorchester capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Dorchester, in the Workhouse. County of Dorset, and of the Governor, Freemen, and Inhabitants, thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Borough is very populous, and daily abounds in Poor, by reason of the Decay of the Clothing Trade there; and the younger Sort of People, who are able to work, are grown very unruly, for want of some Law to compel them thereto: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting an Hospital and Workhouse for employing the Poor of the said Borough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Nappier, Colonel Sirangutayes, and Sir

Ashurst, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Felons, Punishing and their Accessories, was read the First time. Felons.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes^jj/ Cary- 113*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Produce of the Funds last Year, civil List comprised in an Act of the last Parliament, intituled, An Funds.

Act for appropriating Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds weekly, out of certain Branches of Excise, lor publick Uses; and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other necessary Occasions; be laid before this House: And that the same be done by Mr. Lowndes.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Explaining for explaining a Clause in an Act, made at the Parliament 7 W. III. begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second of November, in the Seventh Year of the Ileign ofourSove- person! reign Lord King /Vi Ilium the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, w as, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord ningsby, Sir Henry Pickering, Mr. Et/erick, Sir John Colton, Colonel Bier/y, Mr. MethwinSir Hen. Burnaby, Mr. Dolhen, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lord Pozc-

Ict, Sir John Bland, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir John Parsons, Sir Air.

Bromley, Marquis Hartington, Sir John Mordant, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Rozrney, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Compton, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Burrell, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Lord Spencer, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Stanhope, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Goring, Sir Alex. Rigby\ and all the 9 Q Gentlemen

Publick

Accounts.

Earl Tho-

mond's

Estate.

Tempest's

Estate.

Roses

Estate.

Statute of Mortmain.

Jews

Protestant

Children.

794 13° — 14° Mar til 1701.

Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care to make the said Bill extend to Ireland, and the Plantations.

Sir Joseph Jekill, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read once throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners to execute the said Act be Seven.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be Members of this House.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard HolfoD'd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta O Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Hen. Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in Ireland, for the Discharging of Incumbrances thereon, and a Charge of 4,0001, for his Sister's Portion: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the Raising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose Gentleman, to Lands called Rempstone, and for Sale of Lands called Court, in the County of Dorset, for Payment of the Debts of William Rose Gentleman, deceased; and for settling the Manor of Cheddar Fitz-Walters, in the County of Somerset,

with the Overplus on the said Sale, on Mary Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of 3,0001. Portion for the said Infant: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was it Difference in the Committee, who should take t.he Chair thereof;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Colonel Granville do take the Chair of tha Committee;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the J ,7g.

Tellers for the Noes,j 154.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House resolved itself argain into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order-, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Su^s'die* the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and 10 a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. CommitteM,

Ordered, That Sir jfohn Afanwaring, Sir Afichael Damasking Biddolph, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Vane, be Stuffs> added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of an In vention for damasking, striking, raising, embossing, and fixing, various Colours on all Sorts of Stuffs, and Cl< >th, is committed.

Ordered That the adjourned Debate of Yesterday And then ]tIouse adjoumed till Tomorrow

touching the Statute of Mortmain, be further adjourned Morning Nine a Clock,

until JMonday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the respective Parishes of St.Andrew Undershaft, St. But-tolph's Bishopsgate, St. Buttolph's Aldgate, St. Catharine Creed Church, St. Catharine Coleman, and Janies Duke's-place, in the City of London; praying, That a Bill may be brought in to oblige Jacob Alendez de Breta in particular, and the Jews in general, to maintain and provide, for their Protestant Children, was referred; be made upon Monday Morning next.

*3

Sabbatiy 14* die Martii;

Anno 1* Annae Reginas.

Praters.

MR. Cox reported from the Committee, to whom the Mathew*'

Bill for vesting the Estate of William Mathews E»wte* Gentleman, and Cath. his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same ta be true; and that the Parties

concerned

Wirrd

Trade.

Cn

V-

LtL:

t, V.

its

tii

Ann.

14® Ma

795

concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the the room of Goodwin IVhcrrton Esquire, the Petitioner, Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee and Thomas Lamplough Esquire, stood Candidates: That had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had the Right of Election is in such only as hold by Burgage directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Tenure; and, if such Burgage Estate be split or divided. Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: yet there is only a Right for one Vote for such Estate: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a But Michael , Bailiff of the said Borough, did poll

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question seve- several who claimed by divided Estates, and others who

rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

be

ingrossed.

Wirrdrawers

Trade.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending the Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions

had no Right; whereby, and by other illegal Practices, Mr. Lamplough hath procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the Rights of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

of fine Silver, and Silk, for the better Slaking of Silver "d reP°rt the s*me> witi> **» °Pini°" lherei"> '» ,he and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire- House* drawers; was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him

to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, except Clause C, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Thomas Holmden, and Mary his Wife, King's Bends and Richard Short, and Eliz.his Wife, Administrators F,eet

de Borns non, &c. with the Will annexed of Antony *>ruon8-

deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are intitled to ao Incumbrance chargeable upon the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison, and the Estate thereunto belonging, for 425/. and

Clause C, That no Refiner shall sell any Gold or Silver Interest, which has been saved to the Petitioners byseveral Wire, before the same is assayed, and marked by the Acts of Parliament: That there is a Bill in the House Assay-master of Goldsmiths Company, London, under a for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, Forfeiture: wherein there is no Saving Clause for the Petitioners:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree And praying, That they may have a Saving Clause in with the Committee in the said Amendment; this Bill, as they had in former Acts of Parliament.

It passed in the Negative. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to the same Purpose, instead of the said Clause C. whom the said Bill is committed.

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

of

T\ IV; lie lls Relief.

JVirnnrss of I'pper (Tory's Relief.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Frances Countess Do wager of Tyrconn ell, the Relict of Richard Earl of Tnrccnncll, of the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, was conunilteJ, that they had considered the Petition of the Countess of Roscommon, to them referred; and pursued the iustmeiions from the House; and made some Am:'hr, cuts to the Bill; which he read in his Place; and a.feiwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read once throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of I Tppcr Ossory, and Captain James , with relation

to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had pursued the Instructions from the House; and bad made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second

Sir Thomas Powis, according to Order, presented to Lutterell's the House a Bill for the Relief of Colonel Henry Lut- Relief.

terell, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Sir Charles Hedges, according to Order, presented to V»n>o»'* the House a Bill for the Relief of Mary Vernon: And Relief, the same was received.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Whitby whom the Bill lor the rebuilding, and keeping in good Harbour. Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of , was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, ana of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown. ‘

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do

Cockermouth

Election.

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That thereupon, agreed unto by the House. a Supply be granted to her Majesty, for the better Sup-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be port of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and ingrossed. Dignity of the Crown.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning A Petition of James Stanhope Esquire was presented to next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last to consider further of the Supply to be granted to her

Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's House-for the Borough of Cockermouth, Com Cumberland, in hold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Vol. 13. , . Mr,

796

14° Martii.

A. 1701.

Civil Lilt

Fund*.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Seven hundred

House, an Account of the neat Produce of the Civil List and One inclusive.

Funds for One intire Year, from the Twenty-fifth of And the same was read; and is as followeth; December One thousand Seven hundred exclusive, to the

Hereditary Excise -

Post Office ——

First Fruits ——

Tenths of the Clergy ——

Fines for Alienations ——

The Post Fines ——

Revenue of Wine Licences, per Estimation - - - . - -

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions in the Exchequer ——

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods - -

Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall ——

Land Revenue within the Principality of Wales - -

Fines of Leases, and Rents of other Lands, paid into the Exchequer within the same Year The Duty of 4 f per Centum in Specie, from Bai'badoes, and the Leeward Islands

Appreese'* Ls tat*.

Temporary Excise -

The additional Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage

£ d. 212,061 13 51 306,520 7 9

In all

£ s. d.

212,061 13 51

75H27 14 8

3,746 4 4

12,240 0 0

3,672 13 5i

2,276 0 0

8,000 0 0

a ,061 17 61

18 7 0

32,567 10 8

8,727 4 5

4,543 4 5*

173 8 4

19>°25 4 10

383,241 3 2i

518,582 1 2*

901,823 4 51

192,400 0 0

709,423 4 5

Bus's

ic-d 1 i' bison:

Arrfat

raise

Fsuis.

lati

Master* of Iloys carrying Provisions.

Memorandum: The said Branches of Excise are liable to a Payment of 3,700l. a Week for-!

Five Years, to repay 820,000l. borrowed, and the Interest thereof; which weekly Pay-\ ments, if computed for One Year, do amount to - - - - -)

' Then rests

Memorandum: During the said Year, there was an extraordinary Importation of Merchandizes, liable to the said Subsidy, in Expectation of a War; which cannot be hoped for in another Year, though the Peace should continue, much less after a War begins: And that the Produce of Seizures,' in the said Year, was increased above 20,000l. more than usual, upon Occasion of French Wines from St. Sebastian: And this Account, by Order of this Honourable House, is humbly presented by

Win.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account regulating the Prisons of the King's and

be referred to the said Committee. being read;

A Petition of Samuel Lethelicr, John Denote, JVm. Holder's

A Petition of the Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor Richardson, and Simon on the behalf of them- Escape from

General, and other Officers of her Majesty's Customs, selves, and very many other Merchants in England, and "*et Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in foreign Parts, Freighters and Insurers in the Cloudily there is a Bill depending in the House for the Relief of Gaily, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Coun- That, in One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, John ties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other Inland Holder, of London, Merchant, sent Two Ships, the

Provisions to the City of London; which will occasion Cloudsly Gaily, and the Frigate, on a Voyage for

great Frauds in the Customs, and also take away the Poti- Cadiz; and the Gaily received a rich Cargo for the Petitioners small Fees, established by Act of Parliament: tioners, consigned to divers Places up the St r eights; and

And praying, That they may be heard what they have to took in, at many Thousand Pounds Value in Plate, object against the said Bill. belonging to Foreigners, to be carried, on Freight, for

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition other Parts: And afterwards, by the Contrivance of

and other his Accomplices, all the Goods and Plate were taken out of the Gaily at Sea, and put on board the said other Ship, which attended her in the Voyage for that

i^n Ch. i

Kn

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Committee do sit again, and hear the Petitioners, and examine the Matter of the said

Petition; and report the same, with their Opinion there- Purpose; and then the said Gaily was wilfully set on Fire,

and burnt, by Robert Acres, the Mate thereof: That this evil Practice tends to the Discredit of the English Traders, and Navigation in general, and the Petitioners great Injury: That Holder had borrowed on Bottomry, and insured on the said Ship, here and abroad, to the Amount of above 40,0001.; and lately became a Prisoner in the Fleet for Debt, where he w as charged by Warrant from the Lord Chief Justice Holt, before whom the said Contrivance was sworn; a Copy whereof is annexed to the Petition; since which he hath, or may escape from the said Prison, having his Liberty: And praying the

in, to the House.

Sir Edward Hussey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Robert Appreese the elder, and Robert Appreese the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to her Majesty, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the hill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which

King's Reach and Fleet Pruont*

they had directed him to report to the House; which he Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief read in his Plaoe; and afterwards delivered in at the therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hcathcot, Sir Sir Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Lord Chcnie,

Sir

in

Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor

King* s Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Arrears of

Publick

Funds.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Money set apart lor Chains and Medals.

Irish

Forfeitures.

i Ann. 140 — 16a Martit. 797

Sir Tho. Patt is, Mr. Gzcyn, Sir Colt, Mr. Heme, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Dormer, Sir Rou\ Gwyn, Mr. Moore, Sir Fdxv. Hussey, Mr. Dolben, Sir Sam. -nardiston. Sir Wm. Sccnren, Sir Jeff. Jeffries, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Morley, Colonel Granville, Mr. Cox, Mr. Fox, Sir. Edu\ Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Clark, Lord Powlet, Mr. Haves, Sir Fa. Blake, Mr. Blake, Mr. Bridges; and all the Genilemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet,

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Arrears standing out, relating to publick Funds, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures do lay before this House an Estimate of the Lands, and other Profits, desired by the several Petitions depending before the House: And also an Estimate of the Lands, and other Profits, already granted by the House.

that Sir Henry Dutton Colt and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, That the said Charlotte Talbot have Leave to enter her Claim before the Trustees.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Robert Edgworth Esquire, on behalf of himself and Catharine his Wife, the sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Edward Tyrrell Baronet, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trusters were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Edgworth;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir Arthur 0wen> } n<

lellers for the Y eas, Mr :,) 95'

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Birch,

40.

'i Mr. Rmcney:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir John Packington and Mr. Dormer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of all Money that is by Act of Parliament set apart for Buying of Chains and Medals; and of all Money received upon the Account of the Rights and Perquisites of the Lord High Admiral of England.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Treasurer of the Navy, or the respective Receivers thereof.

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the further Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland and of the Reports of the Trustees thereupon.

And the Trustees in Town attending according to Order;

They were called in:

And the Petition of Philip Savage Esquire, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordtnd, That I cave he given to bring in a Bill to recompense' the said Ihitip Savage Fsquire for the Charge

ol Outlawries, and attending the Trustees.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Recompepce to the said Savage Esquire, be after the Rate of Five-and-twenty Shillings for every Outlawry, whereof the Publick hath, or shall have, the Benefit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " whereof the Publick hath, " or shall have, the Benefit."

And lire Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Reconipence to the said Philip Savage Esquire be after the Rate of Twenty-five Shillings for every Outlawry, whereof the Publick hath, or shall have, the Benefit: And that Mr. Bridges and Sir Roger Mustyn, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees were called in:

And the Petition of Charlotte Talbot, the only Child of Richard late Earl of Tircounby Mrs. Boynton, his 1 irst Wife, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, 'i hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reverse the Outlawry of the said And

VCL. 13.

Luncc, 16* die Martii;

Anno i* Ann® Regin®.

P K A T e e s.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Exeter to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Deanery Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers and ^*ute* Tenants, to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Culm-stock, in the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

A solved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

vail, Mr. Etterick, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Jennens,

Mr. Clark, Sir I km. Drake, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr.

Rawney, Mr. Blagrave, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Nicholson,

Mr. Tredenham , Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. West on, Sir

Henry Colt, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Yard, Sir Jacob Banks,

Mr. Yates, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Palmer, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cartwright; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rose's for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose Gentleman, to Estate. Lands called Rempstone; and for Sale of Lands called Car rant's-cuurt, in the County of Dorset; for Payment of the Debts ot Wm. Rose Gentleman, deceased; and for settling the Manor of Cheddar-F in the County of Somerset, with the Overplus on the said Sale, on

Maiy Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said in

lieu of Three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tempest's to vest several Lands and Tenements in the County of Estate. York, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second time.

A Petition of Peter Shackerly Esquire, for and on the Stanley's behalf of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester, EstaU* was presented to the House, and read; setting iorth, That Sir rJ'ho. Stanley Baronet, in One Thousand Six hundred Eighty-seven, became indebted to the said Mayor and Citizens, by Bond, in 2501.; which Debt they have endeavoured to recover; but could never get Sir arrested,

9 it he

Stanley's

Estate.

Stone's

Estate.

Hind's

Estate.

Irish

Forfeitures.

798 1 6° Martii.A. 1701.

he absconding, and sheltering himself in privileged Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do Places; and now they are proceeding to outlaw him, which then attend this House, will be done the next Term: But there being a Bill in the

House for the Settlement of Lands and Hereditaments of Mr. presented to the House, according to Lord Mont-

Sir Tho. Stanley, for his Family's Benefit; and to enable Order, a Bill for the Relief of William Lord Viscount J0/8 K*llef>

him, in lieu thereof, to charge his Estate for the Payment Montjoy: And the same was received, of his Debts; the said Mayor and Citizens will thereby

be in Danger of losing their said Debt, unless some Provi- Sir Thomas reported from the Committee, to Wamer'i

sion be made in the said Bill, for securing the same: And whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate, praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill; or Act to enable , alias , to make a Join-

that some Provision may be made therein for Payment of ture, upon his Marriage, was committed, That they the said Debt. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be same to be true; and that the Parties concerned therein referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com* had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of mitted. the Committee; and that the Committee had made some

Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to A Petition of Peter Rudge and James PoUet, waspre- report to the House; which he read in his Place; and sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Tho. Stanley Baronet is indebted to the Petitioners, by same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally Two several Judgments, in 132 /. and 120/. entered up put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as in Michaelmas Term 1699: And there being a Bill in the follow; viz.

House for the Settlement of Land and Hereditaments of Press 2d, L. 48. leave out the Word King's," and the said Sir Tho. Stanley, for his Family's Benefit; and to insert the Word " Queen's."

enable him, in lieu thereof, to charge his Estate for the L. 50. leave out the Word " her."

Payment of his Debts; the Petitioners are advised, that, Press 3d, L. 27. leave out the Word " Lord," and in case the said Bill should pass, as it is now drawn, they insert the Word " Ladyand leave out the Word will be in Danger to lose their said Debts: And praying, " King," and, instead thereof, insert " Queen."

That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for the Line 28. leave out the Word " his," and,

Security of the Petitioners said Debts. instead thereof, insert the Word " her."

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Ordered, that Sir Mr. Gulston, Mr. Baroness of

committed. Walpole, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mr. Jennens, Mr. Upper

Bridges, Mr. Renda, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Drake, £ir John A Petition of John Stone Esquire the elder, and of Carle- Parsons, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr. a *'

ton, John, and Richard Stone, his Sons, was presented to Weston, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Yard, Lord

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Chenie, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Yates, be John Stone the elder, upon the Marriage of his Son Carle- added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of ton, made a Settlenfent of his Estate, Part upon himself Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, with for Life, Part upon Carleton for Life; Remainder, in Tail relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is committed.

Male, on his Issue, as to the Whole; Remainder to the

Petitioners his other Sons, in like manner charged with An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl 500 /. per Annum to the now Wife of Carleton, to whom to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta O Brien, Thoraoud* he has been married above Twenty-five Years, and has Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Earl Ettote' no Issue by her, nor is like to have any; in respect of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in whereof, John the Father, and Carleton his Son, are will- Ireland, for the Discharging of Incumbrances thereon ing, for the Benefit of their Family and Name, to make and of a Charge of Four thousand Pounds, for his Sister's some Alterations of the said Settlement, for the Advantage Portion; was read the First time, of the Petitioners the younger Sons; which all the Peti- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, tioners have agreed unto; but are advised the same cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery, and Mr.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more Rogers: effectual Settlement of the Petitioners Estate, for the Mr. Speaker,

Benefit of their Family and Name. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Poweir,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- vesting in Trustees the Estate of Sir William Powell Estate, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Robert Jenkinsonand Mr. Jennens do prepare, and bring Children ot Sir John /1 illiams and Dame Mary his Wife,

in the said Bill. Daughter of the said Sir William Powell; and to enable

William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to A Petition of William Murray Esquire, Executor of such Wife as he shall marry: To which they desire the the last Will of Mrs. Anne Nott, lately deceased, was Concurrence of this House: And also, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That A Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Hunt'* there is a Bill depending in the House for enabling Trus- John Hunt Esquire, deceased, to sell Timber, for the Pay- Estate, tees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and ment of his Debts and Legacies: To which they desire Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the the Concurrence of this House.

County of Middlesex, for Payment of the Debts of And then the Messengers withdrew.

John Hind, late of London, Goldsmith; which Bill will

be much to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and several Sir Robert Clayton, according to Order, reported, from Jew* others concerned in the Estate of the said Anne Nott, if the the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Protestant same should pass as it is now brought in: And praying to Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal In- chl "ren' be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass. habitants, of the respective Parishes of St. Andrew Under-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition shaf t, St. Buttolp/is Bishopsgale, St. Buttolph's Aidgate, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is St. Catharine Creed Church, St. Catharine I 'oleman, anil committed. St. Janies Duke's Place, in the City of London; pray-

ing, That a Bill may be brought in to oblige Jacob Men-Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- dez de Bret a, in particular, and the Jews in general, to ing next, proceed further in the Consideration of the Peti- maintain, and provide for, their Protestant Children, was tions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland', and the referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; and the 3 Resolution*

i Ann. i6° Martii.

199

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of several Witnesses, That Mendez de Breta is the Daughter of Jacob Mendez de , a Jew Merchant, Jiving in the Parish of St. Andrew Under shaft; and that, upon her being baptized and converted to the Christian Faith, the said Jacob her Father disowns her for his Child, and refuses to allow her any Maintenance; so that the Parish of St. Andrew Undershaft, in Compassion to her deplorable Condition, have, since her embracing the Christian Faith, allowed her a Maintenance, suitable to her Quality and Degree.

To prove which, several Persons of very good Repute, Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Andrew and the other Parishes in the Petition mentioned, were examined; viz.

Maty Mendez de Breta said, That she is about Eighteen Years of Age, and was born at Scvill in and that

Jacob Mendez de Breta, her Father, lived with her Mother Eleven Years as her Husband, and had several other Children by her said Mother: That, soon after her Father came into England, he sent for her from Spain, and always

owned her for his Child; and that he kept her in very decent Habit, provided plentifully for her, sent her to the Dancing School, and allowed her an Education suitable to his Degree and Quality: That she, being convinced of her Error by living in the Jewish Religion, hath lately embraced the Christian Faith; and was, about the Month of May last, baptized by Mr. Tiwrold, a Minister of the Church of England; since which, her Father, Mr. Jacob Mendez de Breta, disowns her for his Child; and now, and for some time past, refuses to allow her any Maintenance; and that she never was disowned till after her Conversion:

That, being afraid of her Father's Anger, she applied herself to Sir 1 'ha.Abney, then Lord Mayor of London, for Protection; who ordered the Churchwardens of St. Andrew Undershaft to provide for her; and that she has been ever since very decently maintained at the Charge of the said Parish:

That her said Father, refusing to allow her a Maintenance, was bound over to the Sessions at Guildhall; and there the Justices made an Order for him to allow her 20 a Week for her Maintenance; but the said Order was set aside by the Court of King's Rend), as she is informed.

Mr. Shelton, of St.James Duke's Place, said, That he is a near Neighbour to the said Mr. Jacob Mendez de Breta; and has known the said Mary his Daughter from a Child: That she was always cloathed very well, like a Merchant's Daughter; and ever taken, esteemed, and called, as his Daughter.

Mr. FItoroid,a Minister of the Church of England,

said, That, after he had examined the said Mary Mendez de Breta, and being fully convinced of the Sincerity of her Conversion, did, by Direction of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, baptize her; and that, as he was

performing his Function, a Person, unknown to him, but supposed to be a Jew by his Complexion, came into the Church, and, observing what was done, and being enraged thereat, sw ore and cursed, and wished the Church might fall, and they.. buried in the Ruins thereof: Whereupon Endeavours were made to apprehend him; but he made his Escape.

Mr. Mason, of St. Andrew Undershaft, at whose House the said Mary Mendez de Breta hath lodged ever since she hath been baptized, said, That the said Mary is a Person of a modest Behaviour, and, as he verily believes, a devout Christian; and that she hath constantly attended upon Divine Service.

Mr. Franshaw, a very noted Jew, being examined concerning the Temper and Disposition of the said Jacob Mendez de Breta, said, That he is a very cholerick and troublesome Person.

Vol. 13.

Mr. Adams said, That Mary Mendez de Breta was arrested some time since for some Stuff Cloaths that she had before she came from her Father, in order to oppress her, as he believes, by the Contrivance of her said Father, by reason of her Conversion.

Mr. JViggins said, That there was great Precaution used to prevent Mr. Jacob Mendez de s seizing the said Mary his Daughter; which, they feared, was intended, in order to send her beyond Sea, or otherwise misuse her.

Mrs. Duncombe said, That she hath been very conversant in Mr. Jacob de Mendez' Family for Eleven Years past; and that the said Mary was owned, esteemed, and ever taken, as his Daughter.

Mrs. Micclethwaite declared to the same Effect; and that she hath seen the said Mary cloathed as a Merchant's Daughter.

It appeared also to the Committee, by the Parish Books, That the said Mary was, from time to time, inserted therein; and that her. said Father paid to the Poll Tax for her, as his Daughter.

Mr. Bates said, That Mr. Jacob Mendez de Breta, the very last Year, was a Collector of the Tax for Births and Burials; and that, in the same Book that the said Jacob was so nominated a Collector, he was therein charged for his said Daughter.

John Rogers Gentleman produced the Book of the Capitation Tax; wherein the said Jacob Mendez de Breta was assessed for 2,oooo/.; and that, in the said Parish of St. Andrew Undershaft, the said Jacob Mendez is esteemed a Person w orth 5 or 6,000 /. at least.

Mr. Jacob Mendez de Breta, being present, was admitted to answer to the Charge against him; and being asked by the Committee, Whether the said Maty was his Daughter, said. He could not tell: That he never cohabited with the said Maty's Mother; nor ever had any other Wife than she he now has.

The said Jacob Mendez, being also asked, Whether the said Mary Mendez had any Brothers or Sisters, said, He knew not; but said, That the said Mary, with Two or Three more Children, were laid at his Door; and that he took them in, and maintained them, purely out of Charity.

The said Mr. Mendez de Breta, being further asked. Flow became to own her for his Daughter, and suffer her to be entered in the Parish Books as such, said, That he never owned her for his Daughter; but used her as his Servant: That she never sat at Table with him; nor ever allowed her any other Cloaths but such as he allowed his other Servants: That if she was entered in the Poll or Capitation Tax, as his Daughter, it was without his Know ledge or Consent.

To prove which, he called several Witnesses; vis.

Judith Pacheca, a Jew, and Slave to Mr. Mendez de Breta, said, She had lived with him 14 Years as his Slave: That the said Mrs. Mary Mendez came to her Master's in Portugal a Year after he was married; and she always looked upon the said Mary Mendez as a Servant; and the said Mary lay with her, and wore such Cloaths as she did; and used to call Mr. Jacob Mendez Master; and there was no Difference made between the said Mary and the rest of the Servants.

Mary Marwick said, That she had known Mr. Jacob Mendez de Breta several Years; and used to call Mr. Jacob Mendez Master: That she was alw ays looked upon as a Servant; and never sat at Table with Mr. Mendez, but with the other Servants.

Eliz.Chichester said to the same Effect.

But it appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of Mr. Joseph Bagshaw, and several of the chief Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Andrew Undershaft, That the said Maty Warwick was a Person of very ill Repute, and of scandalous Life and Conversation

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Jews

Protestant

Children.

ie

Boo i 6° — 17® 1701.

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their said Petition.

Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, to oblige the Jews to maintain their Protestant Children: And that Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Thomas and Sir Rowland

Gwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, being read;

A Petition of the Agents, Planters, and Merchants, concerned in, and trading to, the Island of Barbadoes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Duty of Four and an Half per Centum on the Commodities of the said Island, exported thence; which was granted by an Act of the said Island in September 1663, for the Reparation and Building of Fortifications, and defraying all other public Charges incident to the Government there; which has been collected by Officers appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and applied to other Uses; whereby the Fortifications are run very much out of Repair, and other publick necessary Works are unbuilt, and their Magazine unprovided; so that, in case of a War, the said Island, and all other the Sugar Plantations to Windward of Jamaica, would be in Danger of being lost, if an Enemy should attack it; which would be a vast Loss to England: And praying, That the said Duty of Four and an Half per Centum may be applied to the Uses for which it was given, in order to the Defence and Security of the said Island.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered by the House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Subsidies And Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Duty on Sale Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Lozendcs to make Shares1 tt0Ck a ^on' for reading the Bill for laying a Duty upon dre ' ' buying and selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any joint

Stocks of Coporations, it being near Three a Clock;

The Motion was accordingly made.

Ordered, That the Fill be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resoked, That the Dill be read a Second time.

Privateers. Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 17* die;

Anno i* Ann® Reginte.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate of Richard Adams' Adams, an Infant, in Trustees, for raising the Sum Estate, of Eight hundred Pounds, for the Maintenance and Portions of William and Elizabeth Adams, Infants, the Brother and Sister of the said Rickard, pursuant to the Power reserved to William Adams, deceased, Father of the said Infants, in and by his Marriage Settlement, and not executed by him in his Life-time, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made;

Press 6. L. 18. to leave out " King's," and insert " Queen's

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made;

Press last, L. 14. to leave out " his," and insert "her," twice:

And the same w ere, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for charging the Estate late of Adams

Esquire, deceased, with Portions and Maintenance for William Adams and Eliz. Adams, his younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Milton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Selling for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Lands in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Chester, in Whitchurch. Trustees, to be sold for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cor,

Sir Alex. Rigby, Colonel Lee, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr.

Pole, Mr. Pope, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr.

Rowney, Sir John Pacltington, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Pagett, Mr. Mitton, Mr. Blathxcaite, Mr. PapiUon, Mr.

Yates, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Clayton, Sir Rich. Cocks; and all that serve for Wales, and the Counties of Salop and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Dame Margaret Eustace, the Relict of Keiglnly* Sir Maurice Eustace, of Castle Martin, in Ireland, de- Belief, ceased, on behalf of herself) and her Daughter Frances Eustace, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being intitled to several Debts by Judgments, and to a Jointure of 400 /. per Annum, with several Years Arrears, and her said Daughter intitled to a Portion of 3,000l. at her Age of 18 Years, or Marriage, and 40/. per Annum Maintenance in the mean time; all chargeable upon the Estate of the said Sir Maurice Eustace; the Petitioner preferred her Bill, in the Exchequer in Ireland, against Tho. Keightly Esquire,

Grantee of Part of Sir Maurice's Estate, for her said Debts and Arrears, and obtained a Decree for them; since which the said Estate became vested in the Trustees, by the late Act of Resumption in Irelandbefore whom the Petitioner entered her Claim; and all her said Demands were allowed by them, except the Arrears of Jointure and Maintenance: That there is a Bill in the House for the Relief of Thomas Keightly Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; which is to confirm to him his Grant; and no Saving of the Petitioner's Right is thereby provided, as advised by her Counsel: And praying, That she may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered,

Thin1

Trad

Prut

h

p

i Ann. i 70 Martii. 801

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition him, as Treasurer of her Majesty's Navy, on the Thirds t»e referred to the Committee, to whom the said Pill is and Tenths of Prizes, appropriated by Act of Parliament committed. for the Buying of Chains and Medals.

And the Title thereof was read:

Thir* of* Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented to And the Account is as followeth; vix.

Prise$' ° the House an Account of all Monies received and paid by

March 15th 1699.

To Money then received of the Right Honourable the Earl of OrfordL, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 81 st February 1699; being so much paid over to the said Earl of Orford by the late Receiver General of the Prizes; viz.

s. d.

On Account of the Thirds of Prizes ----- ----- - 23 36

On Account of the Tenths of Prizes ----- ----- - -6,013 12 4

6,036 15 10

April 30. By Money paid to Rich. Robins Bounty out of the Money received as per Contr for the Tenths of Prizes ——

JDecemb. 31. By Ditto paid Tho. Jacobs Reward out of Ditto -

Ditto. By Ditto paid Richard Hunt Reward out of Ditto -

Ditto. . By Ditto paid Fra. lVarren R ward out of Ditto -

Ditto. By Ditto paid John Faidston Reward out of Ditto -

Ditto. By Ditto paid Rob. Hatton Reward out of Ditto -

Ditto. By Ditto paid John Rose Reward out of Ditto ——

Ditto. By Ditto paid Joseph Alan Reward out of Ditto -1701. May 14. By Ditto paid Captain Edtv. Halley Reward out of Ditto -

June 7. By Ditto paid Joan Bufford Bounty out of the Money received, as per Contra, on th Thirds of Prizes ——

July 14. By Ditto paid Caleb Fox Reward out of the Tenths of Prizes -September 30. By Ditto paid Win. Woolgar Reward out of Ditto -

Ditto. By Ditto paid Thomas Lacey Reward out of Ditto -

December 31. By Ditto paid Dr. Isaac Norton Reward out of Ditto - -

200 0 0

5 15 0

5 15 0

5 »5 0

5 15 0

5 15 0

5 J5 0

5 15 0

200 0 0

lS 6 8

5 15 0

5 15 0

5 15 0

80 0 0

Balance remaining -

Whereof,

On the Thirds of Prizes On the Tenths of Prizes

£555 8 - - 5,480 19 a

1.6,036 15 10

4 16 10 - 5,476 2 4

£5,48o 19 2

Tho. Littleton.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hind* A Petition of Hugh Say, Citizen and Merchant Taylor,

£»tate. of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Alice Stanford Widow, deceased, was, at her Death, intitled to above 6,000l. secured by a Mortgage from John Hind, late of London, Goldsmith, of certain Lands and Premises in Middlesex: That Alice Stanford died intestate, leaving Samuel Potts, Mary Ballard, and Jane Hind, her Brother and Sisters, next of Kin, who became intitled to a Distribution of her Estate; and Jane Hind, by Articles, dated the 9th June 1699, agreed to secure to the Petitioner a Debt of 530/. with Interest, by way of Mortgage of her Part of the said Alice Stanford's Estate; and which has been since decreed accordingly in the Court of Chancery: That there is a Bill depending in the House, to enable Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of the said John which Premises

ore the Petitioner's Security; and yet no Provision is made in the said Bill for the Petitioner's Satisfaction: And praying, That he may be heard touching the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Palmer'* A Petition of Geoffry Palmer Esquire was presented to

£sta*. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised for Life of th<? Manor of Carkton-Curliczc, in the VOL. 13.

County of Leicester; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; and upon his Marriage with his now Wife Eliz. with whom he had a Fortune, he agreed to settle 400l. per Annum Rent-charge upon her; but having no Issue, and, by reason of the said Settlement, he cannot do it, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner to make good the Agreement made upon the Petitioner's Marriage, for settling a Jointure upon his Wife.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Cheine and Mr. Winstanley do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, presented to Exporting the House a Bill for the Repeal of the Clause in the Act Copper, for settling the Trade to Africa, relating to the Exportation of Copper: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Appreese'* into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Estate< whom the Bill to enable Robert Apprcese the elder, and Robert Apprcese the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to her Majesty, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, lo the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be i: (grossed.

9 S Mr.

American

Plantation*.

Insolvent Debtors.

Unwholesome Brandies.

Abuses in

Victualling

Department.

Sending Servants to Plantations.

Vernon's

Relief.

Luttrell's

Relief.

Windows's

Estate.

Bishop of

Gloucester's

Estate.

Pnrcfoy's

Estate.

802 170 Ma. 1701.

Mr. Biaihu'dke, from the Commissioner* of Trad* and Plantations, presented to the House their Answer to an Order of the Twenty-sifcth of February last; whereby they were to lay before the Houae an Account of their Proceedings, with relation to the Complaints made to them of the Courts of Justice in the Plantations in the West Indies.

And the Title thereoT was read.

And the Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Answer do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the making of unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies j be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the Complaint against the King's Brewhouse at St. Catherines, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants trading to the English Plantations in was referred,

be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Relief of Mary Vernon was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Colonel Henry with

relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John and Robert Windawe Gentlemen, deceased, upon Trustees, to be sold, and the Purchase-money applied to the Uses therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his Successors, to make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands and Premises, therein mentioned: To which they desire tire Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Alexander CMerchant was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, now depending in this House, to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, anti Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy Esquire, deceased; wherein it is pretended, That one Christopher who prosecutes

the Bill, is Administrator of the said Francis with his Will annexed: That the Petitioner believes the said Bill is carried on by great Surprize, and without Notice to Mr. Purefoy's Widow, who lives in Ireland, and has a Demand upon the said Estate; for that Mr. Purcfoy, in May last, duly executed his Will, and made his Wife, and one Captain Hart, Executors; and they have proved the Will in Ireland; a'.'d the Petitioner has a Copy, and the Probate thereof; and, having been heretofore employed in some Affairs for the said Executors in England, he was advised to lay the aforesaid Matters

before the House: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

x

be referred to the Committee, to Whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Salt Dutiw. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Colonel GrtnroiUe, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to her Majesty for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the same Revenues, which were payable to his late Majesty King liam, of blessed Memory, during his Lite, be granted and continued to her present Majesty Queen Anne, during her Life.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Revenue be continued from the Death of his late Majesty.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, 'lhat, towards the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the same Revenues, which were payable to his late Majesty King William, of blessed Memory, during his Life, be granted and continued to her present Majesty Queen Anne, during her Life.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Revenues be continued from the Death of his late Majesty.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Colonel Granville and Mr.

Lmandes do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Counterfeit-Rogers: ing Co*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of thi

House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Mr. Etterick reported from the Committee, to whom Explain-n| the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for 7 w-1"; explaining a Clause in an Act, made at the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Tw enty-second of perSoU, November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, was committed, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they hail directed, him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pi ess 1. L. 24. leave out " the.'

Press 2. L. 14. after " living," insert " but as her Majesty's Justices, and in lier Name."

In the Rider, L. 2. leave out the First " Writ," and insert "Commission;" and, after " Association," insert " Writ of Admittance;" and, after " omnes," insert " original Writ."

Line

i An n. 17* Martii. 803

Line 3d, after " any," insert Commission."

4. after " Equity," insert " nor any Process or Proceeding upon any Office or Inquisition;" and, after " determined," add " abated."

L. 6th, after " Writ," insert " Commission."

11. leave out "Writ," and insert "or;" and, after " Association," insert " Writ of Admittance, " Writ of."

L. 16. after "no," insert " original Writ;" and, after " prius," leave out " nor any," and add '* Commission."

I. 17. leave out " that shall be."

L. 18. alter " Equity," insert " nor any Process or Proceedings upon any Office or Inquisition;" and, after " be," insert " determined, abated, or."

L. 1 9. after " Writ," add " Commission."

At the End of the Bill add Clause (A); viz.

" And be it further Enacted, That all and singular the " Provi.vions, Clauses, Mattel's, and Things whatsoever, " contained in this Act, anti in that Part of the Act, " m tde in the Seventh'Year of the Reign of the late King, " which is recited in this present Act, shall extend, and " be construed to extend, to the Kingdom of Inland, to " the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and to all her Majesty's Dominions in America, and elsewhere."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause being offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, for Acts of Parliament, made this Session, in her Majesty's Iteign, to commence at a certain time;

The same w as twice l ea l, with Blanks, and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

East Retford Sir Rowland Gzn/n reported, from the Committee Election. of privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of East Et/ford, in the county of;

and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which the\v had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Willoughby Hid, man Baronet, and William Lcvuiz Esquire; complaining of an

undue Election mid Return of John Thornhagh Esquire, and 'Elio. White Esquire, to serve for lictfoyd:

That, upon the Poll, there were,

Eov Mr. Thornhagh - - - - 31.

Ior Mr. I Elute ----- 28.

lor Sir Willoughby Hickman - - 25.

E'er Mr. Lcvinz - - - - 22.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freemen or Burgesses:

r>ut the Question between the Petitioners and Sitting Members was. Whether the younger Sous of Freemen had a Right to demand their l'rcedom

o 4

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, That the younger Sons had a Right: And the Sitting Members Counsel insisted on the contrary:

And thereupon the Petitioners Counsel examined several Witnesses:

Tho. Moody: Who had known East Retford 50 Years. Wm. Moody, aged 69, burn at East Retford:

11 hi.Bunby, above 40 Years of Age:

Who testified, That the younger Sons of Freemen had fc Right to their Freedom: And Tho. Moody, and Wm. Buiiby, said, They were both of them younger Sons, and admitted to their Freedom, paying only the Court-fees: Tho. Moody said, Robert Mood'], his younger Brother, was also made free: And IP bloody, the eldest Son, testified to the like Effect; vis. That he had Two younger Brothers made free; and that Three of the Smiths were made free by their leather's Copy above 40 Years since: Vol. I3i

and Three of the Caltons were made free almost 50 Years

since.

William Bunby said, That, at the same time he was made free, one Rob. Mason, a younger Son, was made free.

And Robert Mason, being examined, confirmed the same.

And Bunby and Mason said. That they were summoned to take up their Freedoms; or, otherwise, threatened to have their Shops shut up.

That they also, to make out the said Right, insisted on some Entries of the Admittances of Freemen in the Books; viz. Two of 13 Car. I. in these Words:

Ad hanc curiam venit Henricus Johnson; etpetiit, Quod ipse, et Willielmus et Johannes Johnson, Jiliorum ipsius

Henrici, et hccredts masculi de suo, de cectcro sint

burgenses villa et burgi pradict; et super hoc pradict' Henricus juratus est secundum consuetudinem villa et burgi pradict'; et est inde burgensis et -

dictorum Willielmi et Johannis, respect' ad atatem

attingunt.

Ad hunc curiam venit Thomas et petiit, Quod

ipse, et Henricus Fraunce, Richardus Frounce, et Thomas Frounce, Jiliorum pradict'Thoma, haredes masculi de corpore suo, de catero sint burgenses villa et burgi pradict'; et super hoc pradict' Thomas Fraunce juratus est; and the swearing the other respited till they came of Age, as before.

That they also produced an Entry of the Admittance, in another Book, of Gilbert Welsh, a younger Son, to his Freedom, of the 28 of September 1635, which is in these W ords:

Whereas Gilbert Welsh, Second Son of Richard Welsh, did this Day take up his Freedom, and was sworn a Burgess of the same Town; it is, nevertheless, agreed upon, ordered, and decreed, by and with the Consent of the said Gilbert Welsh, That lie the said Gilbert Welsh shall not, in respect of his said Freedom, have, claim, or challenge, any Stall or Standing within the Moot-hall of the said Town, unless he do compound and pay for the same, as Foreigners do; neither shall have, claim, or challenge, any Stall or Standing in the Market-place, any ways to lett or dispose of the same to any odiers; but only to stand there himself, if he see good.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners also offered, in Evidence, the Report of the Election for East Retford the last Parliament: But, there being no Resolution upon the Point in Question, the Committee did not think fit to read the same.

To answer which Evidence, the Counsel for the Sitting Members called several Witnesses; viz.

Wm.Jessop; who had known East Retford 47 Years, and had served all Offices in the Borough:

John Reynolds, born at East Rets ord, and lived there ever since, aged Fifty-four Years:

James Mason, aged Fifty-four Years, and had known, East Retford 35 Years:

Wm. Booth, who had known East Retford 40 Years:

Who testified, That no Person had a Right to demand their Freedom, but such who were the eldest Sons of Freemen, or had served an Apprenticeship to some Freeman; And Jessop said, No others were admitted in his Time;

but he had been out of Town 16 Years: And John Reynolds, said, That one Thomas Sorely, a younger Son of John Sorely, never demanded his Freedom; and that Richard Gallon, a Fourth Son, paid Q0«. Fine for his Freedom: And James Mason said, That Wm. Bunby paid 20 s. for his E'reedom.

That they also produced an Entry, 20 Eli*, in these Words: Ad hunc curiam tent' 3* die , coram

Eduardo Spuy, Eduardo Ma, et Fletcher,

ballivis ibidem, anno regni regina Eliz. fyc. et petiit. Quod ipse, et haredes masculi, de catero sint et

liberi in villa pradict a', et admissus est; et pradict' mas juratus; et postea, in eadem curia, composuit pro liberaiionc Jilii sui prius nati; viz. Roberti Tupmati; qui

etiamest liber et bur gens'.

That

East Retford Election.

804 17 Martii.A. 1701.

That the Petitioners Counsel called, by way of confronting; Wm. Bunby and Robert Mason, who had been examined before; and they persisted in it, That they were younger Sons, and made free, paying the Court-fees: And Mason named the Sum; 5s. or 5s. 8 And that the Committee, upon the Proof, came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That younger Sons of Freemen of the Borough of East Retford have not a Right to demand their Freedom of the said Borough.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners then proceeded to give an Account of such others as had a Right to their Freedom, and were refused their Vote.

John Leary) said, That John Leary junior was his eldest Son, and had served him Seven Years as an Apprentice.

W71. Bunby said, That John Leary had served Seven Years to his Father, and was made free by Popplewell.

IVm. Smith said, That Martin Calton was his Father's eldest Son, and lived with his Father all his Time; and his Father was a Freeman.

fVm. Bunby, John Leary, said, John Hodgkin is the eldest Son of a Freeman: And Leary said, His Father was made free before the said Leary was born.

Wm. Smith said, That Thomas Bonefont served his Father Seven Years, and was made free by Popplewell.

tVm..Bunby said , John Colton junior served his Father

Seven Years, and was made free by Popplewell.

John Leary said, That John Stevenson and Thomas Rylcy each served Seven Years to the same Master, within Two Doors of him:

That George Popplewell gave Seven Pounds for his Freedom:

That John Colton, William Thompson, and John Goodall, are the eldest Sons of Freemen; but he could not say they were born after their Fathers were made free:

That Thomas Colton and Steph. Hodgkin served Seven Years to their respective Fathers:

That William Woodhead served Seven Years to one Moody, a Butcher.

Wm. Smith said, That John Colton, Thompson, John Goodall, Tho. Soresby, were the eldest Sons of Free-pen; but could not say whether their Fathers were free before their Sons were born.

That Thomas Calton, Rich. Bonefont, Step.

William Goodall, William Woodhead, served in the Town as Apprentices; but they could not say whether they 'were bound by Indentures.

That they also proved by a Witness, That Martin Calton demanded his Freedom several Years:

That John Hodgkin, John Goodall, Tho. Bonefont, Tho. Soresby, John Calton, Tho. Calton, Sav'd Atkinson, Rich Bony font, John Stevenson, Steph. Hodgkin, Tho, Ryley, Wm. Goodall, Tho. Clark, William

Thompson, had demanded their Freedoms.

That, as to their offering to poll, the Petitioners Counsel called

William Nicholls: Who said, That John Leary, Geo. Popplewell, Martin Calton, John Calton, John Hodgkin, Wm. Thompson, Tho. Bonefont, John , John Colton, Tho. Calton, Sam. Atkinson, Rich. John

Stevenson, Steph. Hodgkin, Tho. Riley, Win. Goodall, Tho. Clark, William Woodhead, offered to poll for Sir Willoughby Hickman and Mr. Levinz, and were refused: And Thomas Soresby, who would have polled for Sir Willoughby Hickman and Mr. Thornhagh, was also re-

fused.

That the Petitioners Counsel also insisted, That the Sitting Members voted for themselves.

To which it was answered, That Sir Willoughby Hickman voted for himself.

That the Sitting Members Counsel also insisted, That they should take off some of the Petitioners Votes, on account of Charity:

That Mr. Popplewell had no Right to make any free, being himself disfranchised:

And that the Persons, said to have a Right, had not demanded their Freedoms at a proper Time:

And called several Witnesses:

James Mason said, That William Buttry had received 2 s.for several Years, and particularly the last Year, of Wharton's Charity:

That Martin Calton received of Clark's Charity: He said, He did not see it paid; but he finds his Name entered in the Book of the Account of Wharton's Charity.

William Booth said. That William Buttry had 2 s. a Year paid him several Years: That he had seen it given to his Wife the last Year but one.

John Hodson said, That, about a Week before the Election, Mr. Nicholls came to him, and desired his Vote for Sir Willoughby Hickman; and Mr. Levinz should help him to a Place of 20 or 30/. a Year; and Mr., Levinz should give him some Money: And Mr. Nicholls, at his going away, gave him a Crown.

Wm. Jessopsaid, John Johnsons Father is not free; and he was bound to one that was not free.

Wm.Skelton said, That John Leary's Father was asked to swear that his Son was made free; and lie refused to do it.

John Wallier said, He heard Martin Calton say, He could have his Freedom if he would; but he would vote for Parliament-men without it; and he would save hi* Money to buy Cloaths.

Skelton said, That John Calton did not serve a Freeman; but was put to one of the Waits of the Town, who died after Carletonhad been with him Two Years.

Savill Atkinson's Indenture of Apprenticeship to Tho. Shelton was produced, dated 15 October 166S; and, by Certificate, it appeared, that the said Shelton was buried 27 January 1672: But it was testified, on behalf of the Petitioners, That there was no other of that Trade in Town:

That, as to John Stevenson, it was testified, That, though he was Apprentice to one Calton, a Shoemaker, yet lie served the Huntington Carrier; but it w as by ton's Consent.

Edw. Jackson said, He was Bailiff last Year; and that Tho. Riley never demanded his Freedom of him.

Wm. Booth said, That Thomas Riley produced a Pair of Indentures, dated in \66o; but the Date was rased, and made 1670:

That Mr. Popplewell was disfranchised; and his Disfranchisement, 1 lth April 1699, w as read; which was by the Bailiffs and Aldermen subscribing that Disfranchisement.

John Reynolds said, That the Freemen, whereof Evidence was given that they demanded their Freedom, came to an improper Court; the Court they applied to being a Court Baron.

Mr. Serjeant Selby insisted, That Popplewell was not w'ell disfranchised; for such an Act ought to be by the Corporation.

Mary Cozens said, That Mrs. Moody sent for her on Wednesday before the Election, and desired her Husband's Vote for 'Six Willoughby Hickman, and Mr.; and

said, She would lay down 71, and she the said Cozens should take it up: That Cozens told her Husband; who said, He would be a Freeman: And afterwards she told Mrs. Moody of it; who said, If she could prevail with her Hftsband, she should have 10/. before they went into the Hall to give their Votes.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Thornhagh Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tho. White Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

The

u

An

Publick

Accounts

i Ann. 17® — 18* Martii. 805

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Younger Sons of Freemen of the Borough of Retford have not a Right to demand their Freedom of the said Borough;

The House divided.

"The Noes gp forth.

Tellers for, he },73.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Thoi'nhagh Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas} l?6-

Tellers for the Noes| } 174-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

The Third Resolut ion being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas White Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasj .] 177-

Tellers for the Noes, j ffaanrf' ] 175‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the making Choice of Commissioners of Accounts for the Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom;

And the Question being put, That the House do now proceed to the stud Choice;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[^J^""' } .95.

Tellers for the .50.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each side the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members their Lists of Persons Names to be Commissioners:

And, being received, the same were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Lists; and report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Sir Cha. , Mr.

Mr. Moor, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Hrmington, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Bromley, Sir Sir Hen. Peachy, Lord Cherry, Mr. Johnson, Sir Jos. Tre-

denham, Colonel Granville, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Randa, Lord Spencer, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Row-ttey, Sir Edm. Bacon, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. TUney, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Bridges, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Hysham, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. , Mr. Bertie, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Scobell, Edw. Emley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Harpur, Mr.

Burnaby, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. St. Loe, Sir Jejf. Jeffries, Mr. Masters, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Stone-house: And they are to withdraw into the Speakers

Chambers; and to report upon which Seven Persons the Majority foils.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 18* die;

Anno l* Afinas Regina:.

Praters.

COLONEL Granville, according to Order, pre- Wawfcs for<r* seated to the House a Bill for the Relief of Relief. Wandesford, and her Daughter: And the same was received.

Mr. Pagitt reported from the Committee, to whom the WightwickV ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for set- Estate, tling and vesting divers Manors and Lands of Francis Wightuick, an infant, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis to such

Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press. 3. L. 19. after " Freehold," insert "Lands/'

Press 5. L. 29. leave out " King's," and insert " Queen's."

Press last, L. 3. the same Amendment.

L. 4. leave out " his," and insert " her."

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate of William Mathew's Mathezvs Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, Estate, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting the Estate of William Mathews, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, That Mr. and Money ap-

Mr. Corbett, attended, with the Accounts directed to be prapriatedfo# laid before the House, touching the Monies for Chains ^ln8 and Medals, and the Rights and Perquisites of the Lord mJauL High Admiral of England;

They were called in:

And Mr. Doddington presented to the House an Ac- # count of all Monies received by the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Orford, late Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for Tenths of Prizes; which were set apart for buying Chains and Medals, and Rewards for Services performed at Sea, pursuant to an Act of Parliament.

And Mr. Corbett presented to the House an Account Lord High of all Monies received by him, as Commissioner for re- Admiral's covering and receiving the Rights and Perquisites of the JJ'8ht8 ?nd Lord High Admiral of England, between the 13th of reKlul*UM* September 1695, the Date of his Commission, and the 13th of March 1701; as also how the same has been disposed of.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read:

And the Accounts are as follow; viz.

VOL 13.

Tha

Money appropriated for buying Chains and Medals.

u:

Lord High Adn^iral's

Rights and Perquisites.

06 A 1S0 'Martii. ' 701,

The said Account of Monies received fdfr buying Chains, and Medals, and Rewards. :'

By Money received, of the Commissioners of Prizes, between the 31st of October 1693, and the t 3d of June 1698 - - -' ' - -_ - - - . -11,443 *2

DISCHARGE.

By Assignments made between the 26th of December 1693, and the 15th of March 1699, by the Commissioners of the Navy, to pay for. Chains, Medals, and Rewards, to sundry Persons, for Ser-, vices by them performed at Sea, according to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, and pursuant to the said Act of Parliament - 5,430 o 0 By Money paid the Sixteenth of March 1699, to the succeeding Treasurer of the Navy, being the Balance of the said Tenths of Prizes - - . n - 6,013 12 4

11,443 12 4

Orford.

The said Account of all Monies received by the said Mr. Corbett, as the Rights and Perquisites of the Lord High Admiral of England.

1695-6. C II A R G E.

March 19th. Received of Mr. Pleydwell, on Account of Charges in recovering a Ship, called the Talmudigheyt, at Dartmouth, condemned a Perquisite; but; given away to Peter Peterson, by

Warrant from the King, dated 25 February 94-, and directed to the Commissioners for Prizes - 4 O' o

June 15. Ditto of Mr. John Degraves, for the Tenth of the Goods in the Cornelia, Lewis Cools

1 Master, taken by Captain Martin in November 1692, being, an old Debt - - - - 18 4' 6

July 24, Ditto of the Commissioners for Prizes, in Part of the Produce of the St. Jacob of Copenhagen,

at Plymouth - . - - - 200 a o

December 17. Ditto by an Order from the Commissioners for Prizes, dated 12 December 1696, the Sum of 113/. 18 s. 0 d.being the Produce of The Prophet Elias, condemned a Perquisite in August 1695, at Corunna, having been taken, and carried there, by Captain Clyes - - - - 113 18 Q

,697- . ' . ... \; ....

April 1st. Ditto of Mr. John Check, Marshal to the High Court Of Admiralty, for the Samuel,

Sam. Blundell Master, seized in the Thames, and condemned a Perquisite of the Admiralty,

26 Jan. 1696-7 - - 83 0 o

July 28*. Received of the Commissioners for Prizes, in part of the Produce of the ‘

, St. A nne of Bordeaux, seized at Sally, and condemned a Perquisite of the Admiralty

the 20 February 1696 - - - '- - - joo o ol

December 18. Dkto in full of Ditto, as per Account from the Commissioners for V 124 5 9

fPrizes - - - - - - 24 5 9]

March 31st, Received of the Commissioners for Prizes the Fifth Part of the Produce of the Ship called The Palm-tree, or Croxcn Laurel, a French Privateer, taken Cha. Newton, Master of the

Ship Hester, of Newcastle', the Commissioners for Prizes having paid ^the to the said Charles Newton, according to a Warrant from his Majesty, at Mr. Secretary Trumbalfs, Office - - 65 1 7

1698.

May nth- Received of Mr. Samuel Heron, and Mr. Joseph Martin, Bail for Captain Broom,

Commander of the Ship America Merchant, for the Ship Bonadventure, or taken and

disposed of by the said Captain Broom, though condemned, Perquisites as per Sentence in the High r Coart of Admiralty,'the 4th of March 1690, 3,505). Mor$, for Charges of Suit, taken in the.

said Court of Admiralty, 5/. - - - 3,510 0 t

'July 25. Received of the Right Honourable the Earl of JRomAey, for other Charges relating to the afore-mentioned Perquisite, granted him, and Mr. Jbhn Glover, by a Warrant from his Majesty, dated 31 March 1698 - - 20 0 0

August 8*. Ditto of the Commissioners for Prizes, for the Produce of the Lading of the St. John of

Burdeaux, taken by Captain Clyes, and condemned a Perquisite 20th Oct. 1696 - , - - 227 15 9

Sept. 13. Received of Mr. Glasier, for the Produce of Th seized at Bristoll, and con- '

demned, as a Perquisite, the 25 June 1697 -' - - - 45 0 Q

1699- . .

May 3d. Received of the Commissioners for Prizes, on Account of Perquisites taken by Captain

Clyes, mentioned in a Warrant,- whereby his Majesty grants the Remainder to the said Captain, and Postmasters, for several Uses therein mentioned - - , - - - 198 4 1

kFeb. 3d. Received of Mr. William Conclly, Agent to this Accountant at Dublin, for the net Produce of the Ship John and Anne, seized near Colrain in Ireland, and condemned a Perquisite the ' 30th Sept 1697 - - - - 82 12 16

» - — X

TotaL Charge - - £. 4,602 2 6

1695. DISCHARGE.

October 2*. Given to the Attorney General, for putting in a Claim, before the Lords of Appeals, to the Sancta Maria of Stockholme, of 3 Guns, taken within Shot of Dover Castle, 3 Guineas, at ' 305. each - -' - - - - 4 10 6

T)itto to the Solicitor General, to attend the same business - - - - 30 6

Oct 15. Given to the Attorney and Solicitor General, to attend the same again, 2 Guineas each - 606

30. Ditto the said Solicitor, to attend the same Business a Third lime, Two Guineas - - 3 o p

Dittoto Sir Iho. Pinfold, Drs Littletonand Newton, the King's Advocates, to argue the King's

Right to the aforesaid Ship, a Guinea each - . - . - _ - - - 4 10 0

Feb. 15. Given Drs. Littleton and Newton, to plead against the Allegation given in to the Lords of

Appeal, to prove a Property to the Ship Talmudigheyt at Dartmouth, condemned a Perquisite - 300

1690.

Apil 4th. Paid for entering Caveat at the Secretary's Office - - - - ;- o. 16,' o

2

i An ft.

i8 °'Mar

S07

May 2. G ivcn Sir Tho. Pinfold, Dr a. Littleton and Newton, far pleading, before the t,or*cte of Appeal, to have the Sentence confirmed against the-SV. Jacob of Copenhagen!, at Plytmuthgl Guineas each, at 22 5. < tell - - - - - -r - -

Given to Mr. Did, to move in the Court of-Exchequer-thrice? to have the Prohibition taken off in the Case of the St. Nicholas of Tenby, three Guineas ——

July 1st. Given the Attorney General, to urge the said Case ——

rAug. 19. l aid Charges at the Prize Office fur an Order for 200l. ——

Given the Solicitor General, when Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Jenkins, and myself, attended him, according to the Lords of the Admiralty's Order, to lay before him the whole Proceedings at Law, concerning the St.Nicholas of Tenby, for his Opinion in it - -

' Sept. 5. Given Or. Littleton, for drawing die Case of The Arms of , and St. Jacob of -hagai, condemned Perquisites; but afterwards appealed - - -

Sept. 1711). Given the Solicitor General, for perusing the Case and Papers relating to the said Ships, and giving his Opinion thereon; which I laid before the‘Lordst>f the Admiralty -

Nov. 25, Given Ditto, for arguing the said Case before ttie Lords of Appeal -

Ditto, given Sir Tho. Pinfold, Drs. Littleton and to attend the Lords of Appeal in the

Ca.'C of The Arms of Riga, and St. Jacob of Copenhagen, Two Guineas each - -

March 19th. Paid John Decrees, according to a Decree of the Court of Admiralty, for keeping the Ship Samuel -

Paid Mr. Cheek, by Decree of the Court of Admiralty, far selling the said Ship -

1697.

Mar. 25. Paid Rowland Fn/e, by ditto Decree, for Wharfage of the said Ship -

April 1st: Paid 'JTio. Sherman, for taking care of the Ship and Jane, Joseph Sanders Master;

which Ship was given to Mr. Baker, by his Majesty's Warrant, dated Mar. 9®.

Paid Mr. Owen, Clerk belonging to, the Exchequer Office, for Business done by him in the Case of the Ship St. Nicholas of Tenby - - -

22. Paid Tho. Smith, per Decree of the High Court of 'Admiralty, for informing against the Ship Samuel, condemned a Perquisite - - r

ffakl Mr. Buford's Kill of Fees, due to the Judge, Register, &c. of the Admiralty Court May 7th. Given Mr. Attorney and Solicitor General, for their Opinions, if the Privateer Act continued in Force, which I left with the Lords of the Admiralty, 2 Guineas each -July 28. Paid Patrick Hoar, in pursuance to a Warrant from his Majesty, dated the 18 March 169-f out of the Produce of the St. Anne of Burdeaux, of which he was Master -Oct. 8. Paid Mr. Glasier, for an Exemplification of the Sentence against the John and Anne, seized at (kdrain in Ireland, which I sent thither ——

Paid at the Register's Office, for Two Copies of Sentences of Condemnation; of the St. Francis

D'Azis at talmouth, and John and Samuel at JV -.....-

Feb. 18. Paid Mr. Lilly of the Post Office, for -fd of the Charges of a Warrant at the Treasury, wherein a 3d of several Ships are granted to the Receiver of the Perquisites, towards defraying the Charges of his Office - - - - .

1698.

May 12. Paid the Right Honourable the Earl of Romney, and Mr. Glover, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 31 March 1698, granting them the Sum recovered from Captain Broom, and his Security, in the High Court of Admiralty -

June 20th. Paid at the Register's Office, for a List of the Perquisites, and for an Order to the Commissioners for Prizes to pay all Perquisites to the Receivers - - ....

Paid for Orders, and Money received at the Prize Office, demanded by their Cashier, and Clerks Paid Franca; Painter Esquire, as Comptroller of the Perquisites, for One Year's Salary, due the 13th of December 1696, as per the Lords of the Admiralty's Commission -Paid myself, as Receiver of the Perquisites, for One Year's Salary, doe 13 Sept. 96. as per Lords of; the Admiralty's Commission - - - - - - - -

sSept 13. Paid Mr. Glasier, the Kings Proctor's Bill, for the Ships Samuel and Seafower; and the Register's Bill for The Sea/lower, as per Receipts -

1(190.

May 8th. Rrpaid the Commissioners for Prizes, for Part of the Proceed of the St. Jacob, formerly ' received of the said Commissioners; but, before, granted by a Warrant from his Majesty to John Bathiv Gentleman; the Warrant being for the whole Proceed of the said Ship, and another called The Armscf Riga, as per Mr. Cock's Receipt, Deputy Receiver for Prizes -April 5. Paid IVm.May, for Subsistence, and necessary Expences, in attending, as Evidence for his Majesty, in an Appeal of the John and Anne, depending before the Lords of Appeal June 2l'th. Ditto at the Register Office, for Copy of the Lords of Appeal Sentence, which confirmed the former Sentence in the Admiralty Court, relating to the said Ship John and Anne -Paid for Pens, Ink, Paper, and Books, and for Postage of Packets of Letters from the Streights, Ireland, and several Ports in England, during 3 Years and ending 13 June 1O99 -

Paid for Coach and Boat-hire to Doctors Commons, Lords of the Appeal, Prize Office, and other Places, towards Recovering and Receiving of Perquisites, for 3 Years and y, ending the 13th June 99, after the Kate of 10/. per Annum . - -January 11 tb. Paid at Mr. Secretary. Fe/7?0j/s Office, for a Reference - -

March 25. Ditto, Wm. May, in Obedience to a Warrant from his Majesty, dated 14 March 99, at Mr. Secretary Vernons Office -

jr. s. d.

6120

3

2

2

3

2

3 3

6 0 4 o 2 0

6 0

4 o

6 o 6 9

6 12 o-

«3

8

4

6

0

15

10

4

100

2

1

3 t> J3 6

4 o

8 10

15 o

12 11*. 18 9

8 o

o o

13 o 4 0

200

3>505 0 a

o

3

200

300

20

16 6

17 o

O 01

0 o*

14 10

198

3

o

11

37

2

4 l

o o

9 0

5 o

10 e

2 o

40 17 o

4,59l 6 - xi

By Balance - - 100 16 4 J

'Total of the said Discharge 4,692 2 6

Vol. 13.

Lord High Admirals Rights and Perquisites.

8o8

18° Martii.

A. 1701.

C * d.

Memorandum: Due to this Accountant, for Four Years and Half Salary, ending the 13th of

March 1700, at 300l. per Annum, as per Commission - - - - " - - 1,350 0 o

Also due to Francis Paynter Esquire, Comptroller, for Salary for the same Time, at 200l. per

Annum, as per Commission.....900 o o

2,250 0 o

Andr. Corbet.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

JlM"

View

D<[U:

Whitby

Harbour*

Debtors

petition.

Countess of

Limerick's

Relief.

Sonnies'

Instate.

]ri*b For--fritures.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding in the County of York, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Sheriff's Ward for the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and all other suffering Brethren, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years, languished in Prison, being unable to pay their Debts; and having nothing to subsist on, if the Charity of well-dispo6ed Christians should fail, they must inevitably starve, if not relieved by the House: And praying, That the House will take their deplorable Condition into their Consideration, and give them some Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed, be made.

A Petition of Arthur Bush and Peter Partington, in behalf of the Protestant Purchasers and Improvers, under the Earl of Athlone, on the Estate of the late Earl of Limerick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are employed by the said Purchasers and Improvers, and conceive the Bill depending in the House for the Relief of Maria Eufemia Countess of Limerick, and Thomas Earl of Limerick, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, is greatly injurious to the said Purchasers and Improvers, and contrary to the Intention of the House: And praying, That they may have such Provision made in the said Bill, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame Gentleman, and Dorothy his Wife, and for applying the Money raised thereby for the Payment of his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary Soame and William Scame, Two of his younger Children, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be'Ingrossed.

Sir Roger Mostyn, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill to recompense Philip Savage Esquire for the

A Bill to prevent the Making of unwholesome and un- Unwbole merchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing *ome the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was, Bran<*i*' according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moor,

Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Chr. Musgraoe Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Liddall, Mr. Clark, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Jervois, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. Philips, Sir Alex.Rigby, Mr. Anderion,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Hele, Mr. Cox, Mr. Palmer, Sir William Drake, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Heme, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Bertie, Sir 77m. Littleton, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Masters, Colonel Granville, Mr. Lee, Colonel-Wharton, Colonel King, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Cary, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Buller, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hicks, Mr.

Snell, Mr. Champnyes, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Hutchinson:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of hindering the excessive Use of Melasses in Making of Spirits.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Poweil'i for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Eiute. Powell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife, Daughter of the said Sir William Powell; and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider oathof of the Oath in the late Act for the further Security of Abjuration, his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and what Variations are necessary to be made by reason of the unfortunate Death of his late Majesty; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Marquis Hartvngton, Sir Chr. Musgraoe, Mr. Sir Edw.

Seymour, Mr. Johnson, Sir Jos. Jekill, Sir Alex. Rigby,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Cooper, Lord Mr. Dmen,

Sir Him. Colt, Mr. St. John, Sir Fra. Windham, Colonel Granville, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Vernon, Lord Spencer, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir John Holland', Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Harley, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Bridges, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr.

Boyle, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Etterick, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Pelham, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Grahme,

Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. Foley, Lord Powlet, Mr. Harvey:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pendarvis reported, from the Committee appointed public*, to examine the Lists of Commissioners Names for the Bill Accoodu. for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, the Seven Persons Names upon whom the Majority falls; vis.

Francis Scobell Esquire ----- - 188.

William Bromley Esquire, of Warwickshire 186.

James Bridges Esquire ----- - 185.

Henry St. Johns Esquire ----- - 184.

Sir

i Ann. i 8* Martii,

Sir Godfrey Copley Baronet, - 182.

Robert Burly Esquire - - - 182.

Thoms Coke Esquire - - - * 181.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee appointed to examine into the Matter of the Complaint of a great Abuse committed in her Majesty's Brewhouse St. Catharine's, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee had examined into the Matter; and find it to be as followeth; viz.

Charlesllore informed the Committee, That he had been a labouring Servant in the said Brewhouse about Five Years, from which he was discharged in January last was Twelvemonth: And that, in June last, he acquainted an Officer of the Excise, that there was great Abuse committed at the said Brewhouse, by taking Ten, Twelve, or more Barrels, of the First Worts, out of every Brewing of Sea Beer; which, in Winter, was generally Four times a Week, and, in Summer once a Fortnight, or Month, as Occasion required: That those Worts were taken publickly by the Servants of the Brewhouse, who are Sixteen or Seventeen in Number; their Allowance, as they say, being a Gallon or Twoa-piece per Day, which they have conveyed into their particular Cellars; and thinks it is impossible they should drink so much Beer, though he cannot say they sold it: And said, it was always the Custom for the Servants to drink the Worts, but the Bakers drank only the common Sea Beer:

That he has cleansed Ten or Twelve Barrels of the First Worts of a Brewing several times, of Sea Beer, by the Order of U'iltiam Marshall, the Head Brewer there, as the Servants Btcr, which was carried into their several secret Places; which the Excise Officers never found out, till I lore told them: But when they brewed Petty Warrant Beer, there was not taken above a Firkin or Two out of a Brewing:

That he has heard Pursers say, They would sell the Kings Beer; which though he cannot say they did, yet John Tomkins, a Lighterman, and Tho. , Waterman,

who used to carry the Beer on board the King's Ships, have returned the empty Casks the same Tide: And said, That he never informed the Commissioners of the Victualling of die Matters aforesaid; but told ouc Mr. Dernriston, an Excise Officer, of it; who laid it before the Commissioners of Excise; where I lore had sworn it.

Mr. Edw. Denniston,a Surveyor General of the Excise,

said, That, long before he knew , the Informant was a Surveyor of the Division within which the said Brewhouse stands-; and, making his Surveys, he found a great Disproportion of the Worts between the Backs and the Tons; and ordered the Excise Officers to be watchful of the Frauds he suspected; acquainting the Commissioners of the Excise, from time to time, of such Disproportion; of which he had made an Entry, the Seventh of February One thousand Seven hundred, in his Leidger: That it must proceed from some unfair Practice of the Servants, there being missed One hundred Twenty-nine Barrels and Two Firkins in the F'ive Brewings following; viz.

Barrels Firkins

90 October 1700 - - 23 3

30 Ditto - 34 2

19 November 22 1

18 January - - 28 O O

26 February 1701 - 20 1

129 2

And that, on the First of March instant, there was missed but One Firkin of that Brew ing:

That, in June last, Hore acquainted him of Abuses Vol. 13.

committed at the said Brewhouse; \vhereof he told the Commissioners of Excise, who ordered him to use his Endeavours to detect that Fraud: And, on the Eighteenth of July, he took some Officers to his Assistance, to search the said Brew house; and inquired for Mr. Moor the Clerk: Who not being the re, he asked Mr. Marshall, the Workman Brewer, what Strong Beer he had that was cleansed of that Guile: And Marshall said, They had none; Upon which Dennistondemanded the Keys of the several Storehouses; which Marshall denied, giving abusive Language: But, Denniston threatening to break open the Doors, the Keys were produced; and then was found,

In Mr. Wright's Storehouse Barrels - 4 Firkins 0

In Mr. King's Storehouse - - 6 0

In Mr. Harris's Cellar 2 1

In Timinen's Storehouse - 3 0

In Yardmans Storehouse * 2 0

In Stoker's Storehouse 1 2

In the Iron Storehouse 2 2

In the Brewer's Hop-loft 2 0

In the Miller's - - - 1 0

Behind the Third Square - 7 3

In all, Barrels 32 0

All Strong Beer, and in Quality, worth 183. or 20 3* per Barrel; Twenty-six of them being new, and One Guile, in the Opinion of all the other Officers to his Assistance, who tasted and tried the same:

But that there was in Mr. King's Cellar, about Four Barrels of common Brewers Beer, of 40 s. per Barrel; a Copy of which Report he delivered to the Commissioners for Victualling:

That there is a continual Miss of the Worts, as appears by their Leidger-books: And that they keep as exact Accounts of the King's Brewhouses, as of the common Brewers; and can charge them, if... . could prove Salts of the Drink; which the Commissioners of Excise could not do: But the Servants of the said Brewhouse still continue the same Practice; notwithstanding that he went, by Order of the Board of Excise, and acquainted the Commissioners of the Victualling the rewith:

That he was ordered, on the Fifth of August last, to go to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for a List of the Servants Names belonging to the said Brew house j which he had: And they attended the Commissioners of Excise; and were examined accordingly:

That this Want of Worts is, when they brew Sea Beer; for, when they brew Petty Warrant Beer, it then answers to a F irkin; it being so small, that it is not w orth the Servants while to run it; the Six last Brewings in Petty Warrant being such; and then all answered very well: That Captain Francis Davison told him, He could buy. Beer cheaper at the King's Brewhouse, by 183. or 193. per Tun, than either at Newcastle or London: And that he, at that time, had a Tun and a Half on board, which cost him but 4.53.

Betij. Wilks, Brewer, said, That he deals with the Danes

and Swedes for Beer: And the Masters of Ships have bought Three and Four TunS at a time of the King's Beer; some of the Butts were emptied into the Master's own. Casks, and others were sold, with the King's Casks, for Half the Value: And asking the Master how he got the Beer, whether from the King's Brewhouse, or of a Purser, he refused to tell him: Ajnd that the Informant said, He had lost near 3001, a Year in his Trade by this Practice.

To answer this Complaint;

Mr. Moor, the Clerk, William Marshall, the Brewer, and other Servants of the Brewhouse, attended the Committee; and were examined: And claiming a Right to take of the First Worts for their own drinking; denying any Sale, or other Embezzlement of the Beer; or that M r. Denniston w as ever denied Leave to search, or had any ill Language from them, but the Keys as soon as he 0 jU . called

8 to 18°~ 19'

Abuws in called for them: And that the most they took at a time, iHpirtOTfiit out an v ot hivr, was Three Barrels and a Half,

and sometimes hut a Barrel; and that the Beer is so bitter, that they must keep it a Month or Six Weeks before they can think it: And that the Servants Allowance continues all the Year round; though, in the Summer they brew but once a Fortnight, or once a Month, as there is Need.

An-1. Marshall &du\, That if there were Thirty-two Barrels of l>e- r found by Mr. Denin the Places aforesaid, yet some of them were not full; and that they were of several Guiles; particularly Six Barrels behind tire Third Square, which was for the Bakers drinking, and was but common Sea Beer; and Two other Barrels, to make up the Mens Complement, wereof several Brewings:

1 hat he, hearing that Complaint was made to the Commissioners of Excise, touching Embezzlements of the Beer at the said Brewhouse, went to them, desiring that they would send their Officers to see the Beer drawn off tire Backs into the Tuns, as often as they pleased, and observe how they answered one another; but no Officer came for that Purpose, as he knows of.

John Dolly said, That he had been a Servant in the said Brewhouse near Eleven Years; And tlratwhen Mr. Dot niston searched the House, there were Six or Eight of the Barrels discovered by him, then working, which wereof the Second or 'third Wort, for the Bakers Use: And that, when they brew but seldom, they take more than when they brew Three or Four times a Week; and never took above Three Barrels and an Half at a time, and sometimes but a Barrel in a Week.

The Commissioners of Excise acquainted the Committee, That they, having received an Account of great Abuses committed in the King's Brewhouse, ordered Edw. Den niston to endeavour to discover the same: That, upon the Report made to them by they sent him to

acquaint the Commissioners of the Victualling with it; and desired them to send their Servants to the Excise Office, to be examined: But there being no proof of any Sale, they examined no further, but ordered to acquaint the Commissioners of Victualling the rewith.

That the Commissioners of the Victualling Office acquainted the Committee, That, upon the Information given them by Din niston, they inquired into the Matter: And said, They did what they could to detect the said Fraud; and, in order thereunto, examined the Servants of the Brewhouse touching the same: Who denied the taking away any Worts but u hat was for the Use of the Servants, as had been usually practised: That they sent their Officers to examine the Beer found by Mr. Denniston; who wereof ()|)inion, That the said Beer was not worth above i tf or l 2 s. per Barrel: That he never gave them any further Account of the same: That the Commissioners desired Dennistto be present when they examined the Servants of tire Brewhouse; but that he was not there, though tlicy gave him all possible Encouragement to find out any Abuse; and desired him to inform then: if lie found any, which he promised to do: And further said, That it is the Duty of the Clerk of the Brewhouse, to see that the Drink be of its full Strength.

Mr. Mitchell, Secretary to the Victualling Office, said, That Mr. Denniston was at the Victualling Office that Day the Commissioners examined the Servants of the Brew-house; but Denniston went away, saying, He did not think it proper for him to stay, the Commissioners of Excise intending to examine the Matter: And that he desired Denniston to give the Victuallers an Account of the same; but knows not that he came again, but for a List of the Servants, or that he was ever summoned after:

That Mitchell, and others, tasted the Beer the same Day that Denniston complained; and it seemed to them to be l o or 12 s. Beer; and it was all the same as be tasted, as the Servants informed.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That there hath been a great Abuse committed in her Majesty's Brewhouse at St. Catharines, by drawing off the First Worts; to the Defrauding of her Majesty, and Prejudice of the Seamen.

k

Martii. A. 1701.

Resolved, That the Pretence of taking Perquisites in her Majesty's Office of Victualling tends much to the Prejudice of her Majesty's Service.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be laid before her Majesty, by way of Address, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, presented to Queen* the House a Bill for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown:

And the same was received.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Subsidies and the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and LaD "* a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reporter! from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Arrears stand- Arrears of ing out, relating to the publick Funds, be taken into Publick Consideration upon Monday Morning next. Funds.

Ordered, That the Bill for the repeal of the Clause in Exporting the Act for settling the Trade to Af rica, relating to the CoPPer-Exportation of Copper, be read To-inorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sending whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants trading to the English Plantations in America was referred, *" be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Martii;

Anno l* Annas Regincc.

Phaters.

A P E TITIO N of Daniel Van Ryssen*,

reau, and John Cazalet, was presented to the House, ^c. Nat. and read; setting forth, That they are Protestants, and have given good Testimony of their Loyalty to her Majesty; but

that they are Foreigners born: And.....That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Tredenhamdo prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Sir Robert Jenkinson, according to Order, presented to Stone's the House a Bill for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate. Estate of John Stone, of Baldwin Brightwell, in the County of Oxon, Esquire, in his Family and Name:

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Cheinc, according to Order, presented to the P*mer'*

House a Bill to enuble Jeffery Palmer Esquire to settle lv>late‘ a Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife: And the same was received.

Mr.Bere, according to Order, presented to the House a Bury's Bill to enable Trustees to mate Side, of Part of the Estate EsUU*

of

Hunt'*

Estate.

tVightwick s

Estate.

t

'Gower*

Estate.

Warners

Estate.

Urmholsonie

Brandies.

Privateer*.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

t ANN. i 90 Martii. sir

of Humphry Bury, for paying off a Mortgage, and a Por- sam, Mr. Mr. Fagg, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Di/ot, Mr. tion charged thereupon: And the same was received. Colchester, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Yates, Mr. Owen, Sir

C'o/t, Lord Mr. Mr. Mr.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harris, Mr. Mr. White, Sir John

to enable the Trustees of John Hunt Esquire, deceased, Dr. Newton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fortescue, Sir Phil- . to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Le- lips, Mr. Sir Mr Sir Cha.

gacies, was read the T irst time. rington; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the

Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the settling and vesting divers Manors, and Lands, A Petition of Francis Godolphin Esquire, Nephew and Estates civen of Francis Wightxdck, an Infant, lying in the County of Heir, and One of the Administrators, of Sir Willimn Go- tp supeisti-

St afford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey dolphin Knight, deceased, was presented to the House, and tI0US ^ses' the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis Wight- read; setting forth, That the Bill defending in the House tvh'k, to such U ses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, agreed upon, was read the Third time. given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich,

pass. if it should pass into a Law, will greatly prejudice the

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit, do carry the Bill to die Petitioner's Right to the real and personal Estate of the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed said Sir William Godolphin, settled by Act of Parliament: to the Bill, with some Amendments: To which they de- And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said sire their Lordships Concurrence. Bill, for saving the Petitioner's said Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Mr. Gxcyn reported from the Committee, to whom the be referred to the said Committee.

- Bill for the Sale of the Manor of At tingham, alias Atsham, in the County of Salop, settled in Jointure on Ellen the An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Frances Countess Countess of Wife of William Gower Esquire; and for settling a Farm Dowager of the Relict of Earl of Tyrconnell's

called Sclty Hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of St. John Tyrconncll, in the Kingdom of Ircluttd, deceased, was belief, in lit ‘ikeardiu, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, read the Third time.

to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was committed; That And an Amendment was proposed to be made in Press they bad examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found last, L. .5* after " Ireland," to insert " her lleirs, Executive same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had " tors, Administrators, and Assigns:" given their Consents to the Satisfaction of the Committee; And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, and that the Committee bad made some Amendments to agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the 1 able accordingly.

Hou«c; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tiblebe, live-red in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were An Act for the Relief of Countessof

once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by Relict of late Earl ot of the Kingdom

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, of Ireland.

agreed unto by the House. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry tire Bill

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iii- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, grossed.

Ordered, That the rest of the Bills relating to the Irish An ingrossed Till from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Forfeitures, be read Tomorrow Morning. forfeiture*,

enable H‘artier Jxe, alias Wurvcr lVarmr, to make a

Jointure upm his Marriage, was read Hie Third time. A Bill for the better Support of her Majesty's House- Queen>3

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass, hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of die Crown, was Iluusebold. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales do carry the Bill to the read die First time.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed ReThat the Bill be read a Second time To-to the same, with some Amendments: To which they de- morrow Morning, sire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for taking the publick Accounts of Publick Ordered, That Mr Walpole, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir the Kingdom was read die Tlnrd time. Accounts.

John Holla),d, Mr. Idle, M r. Tic mend. Sir Jeff'. Jeffries, An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That none Mr. Trcdenhant, Sir I'ho. Cook, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Stockda/e, of the Commissioners should have any Place: be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Ques-the making unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importa- made Part of the Bill.

tion of French Brandies; is committed. And dien the Commissioners Names were inserted into

the Bill; and the Blank for die Quorum filled up by the Ordered, That the Committee appointed to receive House.

Proposals, for the hotter Encouragement of Privateers, in Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the I Vest Indies, do sit upon Saturday Morning next. An Act for taking, examining, and staling the publick

Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That the Bill for the better Discovery of all Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry the Bill to the Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish supersti- Lords, and desire dieir Concurrence thereunto. tiousUses; and for applying the same for the Support

of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich;be now read a Se- The House, acccording to Order, proceeded to take Union with

-cond time. into Consideration that Part of her Majesty's most gra- Scotland.

The Bill was read a Second time. cious Speech, wich relates to the Union with Scotland.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate And her Majesty's Speech was read by Mr. Speaker, of the House, to Sir Joseph Trcdcnluim, Lord Marquis And a Motion being made, and the Question being proof Hariington, Sir Tho. rends, Sir John Thorolel, Lord posed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling

Coningsby, Sir Fran. Blake, Sir Jos. Jckill, Colonel Gran- her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an vi/le, Mr. Hutton, Mr. A 'with, Mr. IVcol/aslon, Sir Cha. Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland;

Hot ham. Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Bonner, Mr. St. John, The previous Question was put, That that Question

Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Stanhope, Sir Fra. Alas- be now put;

Vo l. 13. Hie

8ia

i9'

2o" Martii.

A.

1701.

Sir Rmland Gwyn, Sir Walter Yonge: }i3i-

Mr. Bridges, Colonel Bierly: ] 96.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland: And that Sir Rowland Gxvyn, Mr. Secretary Vernon, and Colonel Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

trt&h Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

Forfeitures. ing next, at Ten a Clock, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures: And that the Trustees in Town do‘then attend.

Sending Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Servant* to whom the Petition of the Merchants trading to the Eng-an tattoos. Plantations in America, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjonrned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 20* die;

Anno i* Annie Regime.

Praters.

Oath of r~\ HDERED, That the Committee appointed to

Abjuration. consider of the Oath in the late Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and what \ ariations are necessary to be mode, by reason of the unfortunate Death of his late Majesty; do withdraw into the Speaker's* Chamber, and consider of the said Variations; and report the same to the House.

Palmer's A Bill to enable Geoffry Palmer Esquire to settle a

Estate. Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rose'* Estate. An ingrossed Pill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for confirming the Title >of Thomas Rose Gentleman, to Lands called Rempstone; and for Sale of Lands called Currant's-court in the County of Dorset, for Payment of the Debts of William Rose Gentleman, deceased; and for settling the Manor of Cheddar Fitz Walters, in the County of Somerset, with the Overplus on the said Sale, on Mary Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of Three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Massam, Sir Francis Warr, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Clarke, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Stonehoase, Foundes, Mr. Poole, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Wool combe, Mr. Yates, Mr. Snell, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Parker, Mr. Harvey, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Mansell, Sir William Drake, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Bridges, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Husham, Mr. Ouen, Mr. Harley, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Ilele, Sir Hussey, Mr. White, Mr. Banks; and all that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

mittee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; is committed.

A Petition of JVMiam Cecil Esquire, Sir Francis Child Earl of Knight, Noah Neal Esquire, and Peter Walter Gentle- |xeter'1 man, Trustees for Payment of the Debts, Funeral Charges, "ute‘ and Legacies, of John late Earl of Exeter, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Earl was, in his Life-time, seised in Fee-simple of divers Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton, of about 2,000l. per Annum Value; which, by his last Will, he devised to the Petitioners, and their Heirs, to pay his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral, by the Rents and Profits^ or Mortgage of the Premises; That his Debts and Legacies amount to about 30,000l. and nobody will lend Money sufficient upon the said Estate, to perform the Trusts in the Will; which cannot be done but by Sale of the Estate, which the Petitioners have no Power to do by the Will: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Manors and Lands, for Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Charges, of the said Earl.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dontier do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to explain or alter the Act, made in jjiid#, i* the Two-and-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, Highway concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein:

Press 1. L. to leave out " Directions," and insert " Discretions," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and alter the Act, made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning Repairing and Amending of Bridges in the Highways, and for Repealing an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for Re-edifying of

Cardiff e Bridge, in the County of Glamorgan; and also for changing the Day of Election of the Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrerdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ear? of to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta Obrien, Tfwmwi* Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Henry tsUte' Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in Ireland, for the Discharging of Incumbrances thereon, and of a Charge of Four thousand Pounds for his Sister's Portion, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pagit,

Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Hayes, Lord Orrory, Mr. Woolcomb,

Mr. Mansell, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. St. John, Sir Tho.

Poraiis, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Edw. Hassell,

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Neville, Mr. Chandler, Mr.

Wilde, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Dyot, Sir Massam, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Roberts, Mr. ;and all that serve for the Counties of Northampton and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dolben, according to Order, presented to the Talbotts

House a Bill for the Relief of Charlotte Talbott: And the Relief. same was received.

If*1

|W«

Ctiidi

Id*

Ci!

to

tip

J*

fcr!

«f|

to

Chambers.

Sir Charles Hedges, according to Order, presented to Irish Estates <!iven Ordered, That Mr. Shepherd, Sir Tho. Mackuvrth, Mr. the House a Bill for the better Sale of the forfeited and Forfeiiutt.

t-j sopersii- Murky, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Harpur, be added to the Com- other Estates, and Interests, in Ireland, towards Payment

XKiuk Use*.

31.

i Ann.

2o° Martii.

U

‘ 'I

-M

or

\e

:IT

>n

Call of the House.

Explaining 7 W. HI. for Security of King's Person.

813

of the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Ser- Ways for the Preservation of the Island of Burbadoes, And the same was received. and the Inlands.

Jews

Protestant

Children.

Keightlcy's

Relief.

vice;

Sir Thomas Pawis, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for obliging the Jews to maintain, and provide for, their Protestant Children: And the same was received.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to w hom the

A Petition of Thomas Lord Viscount in the Lord

Kingdom of Scotland, was presented to the House, and Supplin'* read; setting forth. That William late Earl of Kennoul, ^1*"*Cent, the present Earl's Father, was seised in Fee of the Bar- *n

badoes and Caribbee Islands; and, upon the Surrender of his Title therein to the Crown, King Charles the Second

Pill for the Relief of Thomas Height ley Esquire, with rela- granted him 600l. per Annum for Five Years, and One

Quefn's

Household.

tion to the forleited Estates in was committed,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in -at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read

thousand Pound per Annum, after that Term, to him and his Heirs, payable out of the Duty of 4? per Centum arising within the said Island; to which the Petitioner is now intitled, for a valuable Consideration: And praying, That the Petitioner may not be divested of his Right to

secured to him, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care to make Provision in the said Bill, that the Revenues of the Crown, in the said Bill mentioned, mavnot.be alienated.

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, the said 1,000l. per Annum; but that the same may be upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday Seveunight; And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the respective Sheriffs of England and /tales, to summon the Members who are in the Country to attend the Service of the House upon Thursday Sevennight, being the Second l)av of April next.

And the Letter is as followeth; viz.

From the House of Commons:

Sir, March the goth, 1701-2.

T H E House of Commons have taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members; I am commanded

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Warner's this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable - Estate. tier Ijce, alias Warner Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage: And also;

To the Amendments made by this House, to the Bill, Wightwick'* intituled, An Act for the settling and vesting divers Ma- Estate, nors and Lands of Francis Wightwick, an Infant, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Francis Wightzcick, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes,

Summons to all the Members of this House, Knights, as shall be agreed upon: And also,

Citizens, and Burgesses, within your County, to attend To the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving the Act, Apothecaries

their Service in Parliament on Thursday the Second Day intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serv- p*er£Ur0,n

of April next, notwithstanding any Leave for Absence; ing the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish offices.

the House of Commons intending to proceed further with and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; with

all Severity against all such of their Members as shall then some Amendments: To which they desire the Concur*

neglect their Attendance: And you are to give an Ac- renceof this House.

count of die Receipt of this, and what you have done And then the Messengers withdrew'.

hereupon, unto, Sir,

Your humble Servant Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Privateer*.

ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of for explaining a Clause in an Act made at the Parliament Privateers, begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty-second of

November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our So- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; vereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon Subsidies and for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Go- the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and Eandlax. vemment, was read the Third time. a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do Mr. Speaker left the Chair, pass. _ _ Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

~ ~ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That

Ordered, That Mr. Etterick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had

desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit

again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That tire Report from the Committee, to Whitby

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, Harbour,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Agents, Planters, and Merchants, concerned in, and trading to the Island of Barbadoes, which was ordered to lie upon the Table tq be considered, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the best and most effectual VoL. 13.

the Pier of the Town and Port of in the N orth

Riding of the County of York, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures Irish For-be read Tomorrow Morning. tenures.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sending whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants Servants to

, V . 1 rldlitaUuns.

9 A trading

4

Sending Servants to Plantations.

814

trading to the English Plantations in America was referred, be made To-inorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 21* die Martii;

Anno i* Ann® Regin®.

P It A V Eft S.

MR. Clayton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants trading to the English Plantations in America was deferred, the Matter, as it appeared, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That they had examined the Matter thereof; and find the same, upon Information of several Witnesses, to be as followeth:

Mr. Perry, Merchant, said, That there are many ill Persons about Town, who make it their Business to be troublesome to Merchants, and Masters of Vessels, trading to the Plantations, upon Pretence of procuring them Servants and Workmen to be transported thither: And although such Servants and Workmen have sworn before a Justice of Peace, that they are npt married, nor any other Person's Servant; and have bound themselves at a certain Office, for that Purpose, called the Plantation Office; yet, afterwards, the Merchants, and Masters of Vessels, have been often prosecuted as Persons that have trepanned, or enticed away, such Servants from their former Masters, or from their Wives and-Families: So that though it is absolutely necessary, that the Plantations should be supplied with Servants and Workmen; yet there are so many Tricks, and troublesome Suits, that Merchants cannot safely agree for them, nor the Masters of Vessels carry them to the Plantations:

That there are Persons who pretend to come out of the Country for Employment, and bind themselves at the said Office as Servants; and, when cloathed, and gotten on board, some of their own Gang go and search for them, and afterwards sue the Merchant, or Master of the Vessel, for Kidnappers, when they themselves, are the Persons, merely to extort Money from them, by way of Composition:

That, last Year, a Woman came to Mr. Perry, and complained, That her Husband was kidnapped away in a Ship of his; and therefore he must keep her, and her Four Children; and she brought several of her Parishioners, and made a very great Clamour; threatening to sue Mr.

Perry;upon which he wrote away immediately to the Master of the Ship, which, by Accident, was Wind-bound at Cowes, to put the WOman's Husband on Shore; and,

as good Luck was, the Master received the Letter, and discharged the Man; but Mr. Petry lost all his Passage-money, and what was laid out in Cloaths; notwithstanding such married Man had sworn before a Justice of Peace, that he was a sjngle Man, and had fairly bound himself as a Servant at the said Office:

That, about Two Years since, one Daniel Walts was bound in a Voyage to Virginia, to carry Servants thither: That the Servants were all examined, and produced their Indentures at Gravesend, according to Custom; after which, a Man came on board to search for his Servant, whom he found, whose Name was Moor; but had bound himself by the false Name of; That, after

Watts returned from his Voyage, Moors Master arrested Watts, on a Capias in Withernam, and committed Prisoner to Nezi'gate; and the said Master demanded a Hundred Guineas for the Loss of his Servant: That Watts offered him Sixty Guineas; which not being accepted, the said Master prosecuted Watts in the King's Bench; where

200 — 219 Martii.

A. 1701.

Seven or Eight Motions were had; but the Plaintiff delayed his Declaration, thinking to bring Watts to his Terms rather than lose ft Voyage he was then bound in; but Watts petitioned the then Lord Keeper, from whom the said Capias issued, who granted a, Supersedeas thereon; yet he lost his intended Voyage, was imprisoned, and spent a great deal of Money; though he was only employed, as Master of the Vessel, to carry the Servants as Passengers; and knew not the said Servant, nor that he had a Master; and was to have but Six Pounds for his Passage:

That, about Three Terms since, a Trial was had at Guildhall against a Merchant, who had contracted with a Wheelwright, that seemed to be Four or . Five-and* twenty Years of Age: who bound himself at the said Office, and sw ore himself to be free from Servitude: The Action was brought by a Wheelwright of St. Albans, who declared, That the young Fellow was his Servant; and Judgment was given against the Defendant for 401.; and believes it cost him near 40/. more.

That, about a Fortnight since, a young Fellow bound himself at the said Office, by a false Name; and the Person, to whom he was bound, is now committed a Prisoner in Newgate; and the Merchant, for whose Service

he was bound, is threatened to be sued; and great Composition is demanded.

Mr. Braddle, Merchant, said, That Watts is not the

only Person that has suffered by Imprisonment; but one Wi/lmore, a Merchant of considerable Substance, was utterly ruined by Imprisonment, and Prosecution on a Capias in Withernam.

That they had many other Instances of the Hardships they labour under, which they had many Merchants ready to prove; but the Committee did not think it necessary to examine any further.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent vexatious Suits for taking on board, and transporting Servants to the English Plantations in America:

And that Mr. Clayton do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of to enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his Successors, to Gloucester! make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, Estate, and Premises, therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Baroness of Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with ^PPer, relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, in case the Premises, confirmed by the Act to the Countess of Upper Ossory, shall exceed Eighty Pounds per Annum; yet that the House, Garden, and Appurtenances, wherein she now dwells, shall be enjoyed by her as Part of Eighty Pounds per Annum:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and then the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James ,with relation to the Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An

bn*

| fctl !"

1 U

I'm

tiii

i Ann. a i0 Martii. 815

Approw's An ingrossed Bill, to enable Jppreese the elder,

K*uie. and Robert Jppreese the younger, to raise Money out of their Estate for Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Robert Jppreese the elder, and Robert Jppreese the younger,. Esquires, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to her Majesty, and other Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Estate A Petition of Sir Charles Brown Baronet, Henry

given to pier, Ralph Sheldon, Thomas Stoner, JohnlVeedon, Esquires,

jupmUtion. Robert Kilby, Gentleman, and Winifred Brook, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That on the Sixteenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred, an Inquisition was taken at in

the County of 0.mi, before John La Pradcll, and other Strangers and Foreigners, on the Oaths of one Lunt and Rtii/l, and other obscure mean Persons; where, without producing any Deed, or Copy of any Deed, the Petitioners Estates, which, for valuable Considerations of Marriage, were, long before the Time mentioned in the Inquisition, settled on the Petitioners, and their Families, are found to be given to Popish superstitious Uses: That the said Inquisition w as never returned into the Petty Bag, or Exchequer, as by Law they ought; but they are kepi secretly b v Lunt, Neville, and their Accomplices, in order to

molest the Petitioners, as they shall see Occasion: And praying. That a Clause may be added to the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Koval Hospital of Greenwich; that the said Inquisition may not prejudice the Petitioners; and that the said Bill may not tend to charge such Estates as have been settled in Marriage, or purchased for a valuable Consideration.

Ordend, That the Consideration of the said Petition be retei red to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that Sir Robert and Mr. Bromley

be added to the said Committee.

Vernon's A Petition of Thomas Carter Gentleman was presented

Relief. to the House, and read; setting forth. That, pursuant to an Agreement with the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, the Petitioner, at great Expence and Trouble, made it out, That they were, by the Act of Resumption, intitled to the Lands (lontarfe and Holy Brook, in Com Dublin, by the Attainder of Mrs. Mary Vernon, as appears by their Cer-tilicate, and Report upon her Petition; and the Petitioner conceives, and is advised, he is intitled to a fourth 2 Part of the said Lands, by virtue of the said Act: That

there is a Bill depending in the House for Relief of the said Mary Vernon: And praying, That he may be heard / touching iiis said Right, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Half-pay. A Petition of the Officers in Half-pay was presented to the Hour-e, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Vote of this House, That the Petitioners should be paid out of the Funds for Guards and Garisons, ... applied to the Lords of the Treasury; and have been answered, That no Money remains for that Service: That the Petitioners have been subsisted upon the Credit of this House ever since the Eighteenth of August last; and are under Apprehensions of being arrested by their Creditors, and stopt from going to their Commands: And praying, That the House will take their pressing Necessities into Consideration.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until a Clause of Appropriation be brought in.

Supply Bill; Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Tax on House a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by a Tax Cram*. upon all beneficial Grants of Lands, Pensions, Annuities, Vo L. 13.

and Offices, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, now in being, which have been granted from the Crown since the Twenty-ninth day of May One thousand Six hundred and Sixty: And the same was received.

Sir John Packington, according to Order, presented Edgeworth'# to the House a Bill for the Relief of Robert Edgworth R«bef» Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Mr. Dormer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, Funeral, and Legacies, of the said Earl: And the same was received.

Earl of

Exeter's

Estate.

A Bill to recompence Philip Savage Esquire for the Irish Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the ^or^e,tur* Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of William Lord Viscount Mould- Lord joy was read the First time. Wountjoy'a

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Relief.

Sir Rowland Guyn reported from the Committee ap- Oath of

pointed to consider of the Oath in the late Act for the Abjuration, further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and what Variations are necessary to be made, by reason of the unfortunate Death of his late Majesty; That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had made the Variations which they conceive necessary; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

The OATH.

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowlege, profess, testify, and declare, in my Conscience, before God and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King William is lawful and rightful King of this Realm, and of all other his Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging:

And I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I do believe, in my Conscience, That the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King James, and, since his Decease, pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Stile and Title of, Kingoi Englaby the Name of James the Third, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereto belonging: And I do renounce, refuse, and abjure, any Allegiance or Obedience to him: And I do sw ear, That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to his Majesty King William, and him will defend, to the utmost of my Power, against all traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity: And I will do my best Endeavour to disclose, and make known to his Majesty, and his Successors, all Treasons, and traiterous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be against him, or any of them;

And I do faithfully promise, to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain, and defend, the Limitation and Succession of the Crown, against him the said James, and all other Persons whatever, as the same is, and stands limited, by an Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown to his Majesty, during his Majesty's Life; and, after his Majesty's Decease, to the Princess Anne of Denmark, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; and, for Default of such Issue, to the Heirs of the Body of his Majesty, being Protestants: And as the same, by one other Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is, and stands limited, after the

Decease

Irish

Forfeitures.

816

2i° — 23° Martiu

A. 1701.

Decease of his Majesty and the Princess Anne of Denmark, and for default of Issue of the said Princess, and of his Majesty, respectively, to the Princess Sophia Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants: And all these things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge, and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, according to the plain and common Sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever: And I do make this Recognition, Acknowlegement, Abjuration, Renunciation, and Promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian. So help me GOD.

The said Variations.

" Fol. t. L. 2. leave out u Lord King William " and insert " Lady Queen Anne?

L. 3. leave out " King," and insert " Queen;" and, in the same Line, leave out " his," and insert " her."

L. n. leave out " his," and insert " her."

L. 12. leave out " King William," and insert u Queen Anne;' and, in the same line, leave out ‘‘him/' and insert " her."

L. 14. leave out " his," and insert " her."

L. 15. after " to," leave out " his," and insert " her;" and, after " and, " in the same Line, leave out " his," and insert " her."

L. 1 7. leave out " him," and insert " her."

Fo. 2. L. i. after " Crown," leave out 4C to his Majesty, during his Majesty's Life, and, after his Majestys Decease, to the Princess Anne of Denmark and, instead thereof, insert " to her present Majesty."

L. 3. after " Protestants," leave out " and, 41 for default of such Issue, to the Heirs of the Body of " his Majesty, being Protestants."

L. 7. after " Decease of," leave outil his Majesty, and the Princess Anne of Denmark; and, for " default of Issue of the said Princess, and of his Majesty, respectively," and insert her Majesty; and, u for default of Issue of her Majesty."

The said Variations, being severally read a Second time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Oath, so amended, be ingrossed upon a Roll of Parchment, to be taken by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to declare the Explanation of the Oath appointed to be taken by the said Act: And that Sir Christopher Musgrove, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, That they do bring in a Clause to the said Bill, to declare the Association to be determined; what is contained therein being provided for by the said Oath: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Corwpcr, and Sir Tho. Pouis, be added to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Annesley and Mr. Hooper, Two of the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, attending, according to Order;

They were called in; and presented to the House an Estimate of the Value of Petitions granted; and also, what is prayed by Petitions not heard; and also, a Particular of Clanrickard Estate, which the net Value of what is adjudged forfeited.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the Estimates were read.

And the Estimates are with the other Papers relating to the Irish Forfeitures.

Then the House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Reports of the Trustees thereupon.

And the Trustees were called in: And,

The Petition of Nicolas Bagnail, of Place-Nezvydd, in the County of Angleseay Esquire, was read; and the ‘iTrustees Report thereupon;

2

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Bagnall, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr. Bromly and Mr. Brereton do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

The Petition of Francis Earl of Carlingford was read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carlingford be relieved upon his Petition.

The Trustees being called in;

The Petition of John Lord Baron of Kingston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read; and the Trustees Report thereupon: And also,

The Petition of John Coleman; and the Trustees Report thereupon: And also,

The Petition of Dame Anne Stapleton, Widow, Relict and Executrix of Sir Wm. Stapleton Baronet, deceased; and the Trustees Report thereupon: And also,

The Petition of Sir Richard Rooth, a Creditor of the said Lord Kingston; and the Report of the Trustees thereupon;

All claiming Incumbrances upon the Lord Kingston's Estate:

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

The Petition of John Hussey, and Mary his Wife, late Widow and Relict of Charles White, of Lexlip, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, deceased; and of John White, an Infant, Son and Heir of the said Charles, by the said Mary; was read; and the Trustees Report thereupon:

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

The Petition of Thomas Lord Baron of Cahir, in Ireland, a Minor, and Eliz. Baroness Dowager of Cahir, Widow, was read; and the Trustees Report thereupon:

And the Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Kingston be relieved upon his Petition.

Ordered, That John Hussey, and Mary his Wife, and John White, be relieved upon their Petition.

Ordered, That the Lord Cahir and Lady Cahir be relieved upon their Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir Jos. Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Relief of the said Lord Carlingford, Lord Kingston, Mr. Hussey and his Wife, and Lord and Lady Cahir.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Trustees Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. C

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 23# die Martii;

Anno l* Annas.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to Sir Joseph Ltarcof Jekyll, Chief Justice of Chester, to go his Circuit Abswce-

A Bill to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Bury i Estate of Humphry Bury, for paying off a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Jeffery Palmer Esquire to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife, was read a'Second E$uu. time.

ResolvedI

i Ann. 230 — 24° 817

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord CAerne, Sir Mich. JVharion, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Piffield, Sir John Bland, Mr. Lowther, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Dimock, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Bierly, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Holj'w'd, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Paice, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Oflley, Mr. Stonhouse, Mr. Lee, Mr. Palmes, Mr, Ekins, Mr. Proby, Sir Rich. Onslorr, Lord Dysei't, Mr. i/e/e, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Winstanly; and all that serve for the Counties of Leicester and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

's A Bill for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate

B* of John Stone, of Baldwin* Brightuell, in the County of Oxon, Esquire, in his Family and Name, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edzv. Norres, Mr. Proby, Mr. Ro. Ba^tie, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Morley, Sir John Bolles, Mr. BUtgrave, Lord Chenie, Mf. Hysham, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bierly, Colonel Granville, Mr. Johnson, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Cook, Mr. Poole, Mr. Bruges, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Carson, Mr. Masters, Mr. Pace, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ja. Bei'tie, Mr. Herne; and all that serve for the Counties of Berks and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

ters of Oi'dered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Re-3 carry- lief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the >rovi- Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other in-land Provisions, to the City of London, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

naaking A Petition of Thomas Freeman, John Rotcland, and is. John Moidd, on the behalf of themselves, and many others, using the Art of Damasking, Fixing, and Raising and Embossing, of Figures and Flowers of various Colours upon Leather, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served their Apprenticeships to the said Art, and have used the same since for the Maintenance of their Families, for several Years; but there is a Bill depending in the House for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing Colours on all Sorts of Stuffs, and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; which, if it should pass into an Act, will restrain the Petitioners from the Exercise of their Trade: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

rider's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

scape from whom the Petition of Samuel LetheUer, John Denew, Wil-tet Prison. l\am Richardson, and Simon Lebland, on the behalf of themselves, and very many others, Merchants in England, and in foreign Parts, Freighters and Insurers in the Claudes-ley Gaily, complaining of the Escape of John folder, of London, Merchant, out of the Prison of the Fleet, w here he w as charged by the Lord Chief Justice Holt for a Contrivance in taking out the Goods, and afterwards burning the said Ship, upon which he had made great Insurances, was referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

ing's Pencil Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-id Fleet ing next, after the said Report, resolve itself into a Com-risons. mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Committee Of the whole House, to Supply Bill; whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsi- Subsidies and dies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned,

is committed, have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation for the Navy, Guards, and Garisons, and Land Forces.

Ordered, That the Bill for a Court of Conscience for Tower the Tower Hamlets, Borough of Southwark, Holbourn Hamlets, 6cc. and Finsbury Divisions, and all other Places within the Small De * Weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Arrears standing Arrears of out upon publick Funds be taken into Consideration upon Publick Wednesday Morning next, before the House resolve itself Funds* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Queen's Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Household, better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Granville also reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Instructions in relation to Barbadoes and the Leexvard Islands; and had directed him to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Motions be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 24* die Martii;

Anno l* Annte Regin©,

Praters.

MR. Speaker, and the Members present, took the Mr. Speaker, Oath directed in the Act made this Session, in- &c. take the tituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Oath of Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant A Juration* Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; according to the Variations agreed upon by the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Privateers* . next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That the Bill for a Court of Conscience for Tower the Tower Hamlets, Borough of Southwark, Holbourn and Hamlets, &c. Finsbury Divisions, and all other Places within the Weekly Small Debts. Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next,

.'hitby Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from

iarbour. the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, be further adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

Vo t. 13.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lqrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act p,biick for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts Accounts, of the Kingdom; without any Ajrandawats. Also,

9 Y The

8i8

24* — 2$ Martii.

A. 1700.

Countess of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tyrconeir* for the Relief, of Frames Countess of Tyrconell, Relict Relief. of Richard late Earl of Tyrconell, of the Kingdom of Ireland; without any Amendments. Also,

Johnsons The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Estate. vesting several Lands in the Counties of Surry and Susses,

the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Mortgages, and other Debts, charged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson; and settling his Estate upon his said Wife, and her Children by him, clear of Incumbrances: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Queen'* ' Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported, from

Household. foe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in* at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to Clause A, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That Contracts made may be perfected;

The same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read $ Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Baibadoes Colonel Granville also reported from the said Com-4f per Cent, mittee, That they had directed him to move the House, Vuues. That an humble Address may be made to her Majesty, That the Duty, or Impost, of Four and an Half per Centum, arising in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, subject to an Annuity payable to the Heirs and Assigns of the' Earl of Kinoule, be applied for the repairing and erecting such Fortifications, and other publick Uses, for the Safety of the said Islands, as her Majesty shall direct: And that an annual Account, how the said Duties shall have been expended, may be laid before the House of Commons.

Ordered, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the Duty, or Impost, of Four and an Half per Centum, arising in Barbadoes and the LeeuwdIslands, subject to an Annuity payable to the Heirs and Assigns of the Earl of Kinoule, be applied for the repairing and erecting such Fortifications, and other publick Uses, for the Safety of the said Islands, as her Majesty shall direct; and that an annual Account, how the said Duties shall have been expended, may be laid before the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

kc.

Governors of Colonel Granville also reported from the said Com-Barbadoes, mittee, That they had directed him to move the House, That an humble Address may be made to her Majesty, That she will please to appoint such Persons to be Governors of the Barbadoes and Leeward Islands, as are well qualified for that great Trust

Ordered, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will please to appoint such Persons to be Governors of the Barbadoes and Leeward Islands, as are well qualified for that great Trust.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nipe a Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Martii;

Anno l* Annas Regin ae.

Prayers.

OTHER Members present took the Oath directed in

the Act, made this Session, intituled, An ActOia| for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Abjan Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and se-

cret Abettors; according to the Variations agreed upon Jfid

by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Petition lMln\ of Sir Arthur Owen Baronet, in Behalf, and at the Request, of the Commissioners, and of a great Number of the Freeholders and Inhabitants within the Two Hundreds of Turkelin and Maltraeth, in the County of Anglesea.

Ordered, That Mr. Ettrick, Sir Hen. Lyddell, Mr. I Lambton, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Lowther, Sir Mm Dels- HojsanJ vail, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Carr., Mr. Manley,| Mr. Grahme, Mr. Herne, Mr. Lorrain, Mr. Harley, Colonel Howe, Mr. Heathcot, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Carter, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Esses, carrying inland Provisions to the City of London, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Bar hM ton, Mr. Halsey, be added to the Committee, to whom Esutt. the Bill to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, and Tenements, for Payment of the Debts of Fr. Pure*

Joy Esquire, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Moiety of the Ma- G<w'i nor of Attingham, alias Atcham, in the County of Eslate tev lop, settled, in Jointure, on HeUen the Wife of William w* Gower Esquire; and for settling a Farm, called My-hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of St. John, in Bed-wardin, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Attingham, in the County of Salop; and settling a Farm, called Selly-hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of Temple-Lmrne, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Vernon reported to the House, That Ansv.fr to their Resolutions, relating to the Office of Victualling, Resoluuoas. having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty had been pleased to give Orders to the Lord High Admiral,

That the Abuses complained of may be rectified.

A Petition of Eliz. Meese, Mother and Executrix of Estates George Meese Esquire, deceased, was presented to the i;iv^ to House, and read; setting forth, That the said Geo. Meese JJP*"®"1 obtained a Warrant from the late Queen Mary, dated lse4. Twenty-seventh May, One thousand Six hundred Ninety-one, for the Attorney General to prepare Letters Patents for granting to the said Geo. Two Rent-charges, of

Forty Pounds per Annum each, issuing out of Lands lying in the Manor of Stanford, in the County of Essex, payable to Two Jesuits, for their Lives, which, by Inquisition, became vested in the Crown, in King Charles the Seconds Reign; Forty Pounds of which is determined by the Death of One of the Jesuits: That the said Grant was in Consideration of the said Geo. Mcese's Services, who was a Rear Admiral in his late Majesty's Service; wherein he, and his Brother, lost their Lives; to the Ruin of the Petitioner, and her distressed Family; and no Benefit has yet been made of the said Grant, though they have been at great Expences in suing for, and discovering, the said 1 Rent-

tell

I.

vith

d.

Bill; i»s and ax.

IT.

niii£ li. for :y of

1

tal.

dl's

rs of :k

i Ann. 35 — i6° 81

Rent-charges: And pfaying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; for saving the Petitioner's said Grant

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be made,

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to go down, and inspect the Works of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of Methods, and 'receive Proposals, for the encouraging the Royal Hospital of Greenwich for decayed Seamen, be the said Committee, or any Five of them.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Uuion between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland: And the same was received.

Ordercdy That the said Bill be read upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, That they have Po^ er to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to discharge the County of Somerset of Insuper's, in the Ninth and Tenth, and Tenth and Eleventh, Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for Monies charged upon them above their Proportions.

Ordercdy That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford

and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act, made at the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty-second of November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsall, in the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Catharine Ltveson: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Mansell Esquire to raise a further Sum of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriate Rectory of Llanriddiany for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Arrears standing out upon publick Funds, and the Account of the Receivers inArrear, and under Prosecution in the Exchequer; with the Names of their Security.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine Mr. Morgan Whitley, formerly Receiver for Cheshire and North Wales, with respect to his Account of the publick Monies, and his Vouchers for the same; and also in

Vo L, 1 j.

whose Hands the Money he stands charged with, is; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Moncton, Sir Jos. Tredenhaniy Mr. Walpoley Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Sco-belly Mr. Bridges, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Scawen9 Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Jeffry Jeffries, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Rich. On-slowy Sir Gero. Etwes, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Manley, Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr. Morley, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Hat'vey, Mr. AndertOfi, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Gwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Receivers of the publick Revenue and Taxes, not making up their Accounts, and paying in their Monies, as by Law they ought, hath increased the publick Debt.

Then the Account of Debts, due from the Receivers General and Collectors of the Customs, was read.

Resolved, That there hath been a great Neglect, in not obliging the Collectors of the Customs to pass their Accounts, and pay in their Money, in due time.

Resolved, That Interest be paid for all Monies remaining in the Hands, or that shall, for the future, be detained by the Receivers or Collectors of any of her Majesty's Revenues or Aids* after the Time foe same ought to be paid in.

Resolvcdy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating foe Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 26* die Martii;

Anno i* Anns Regins.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas St. Ltger de Bacolon, Jo+ seph de Lanoay, Alexander de Raquel des Fourneaux, and others, was read foe first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Earl of Dysert, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, within the Town of Sudbury, in foe County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; And the same was received.

Mr. Bromley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Nicolas Bagnall Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lord*, intituled, An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the liaising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Ho-tham, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Hutton, Mr. Moore, Sir Roger Mostyn, Lord Fairfax, Lord Dysert, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Thompsoti, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gorges, Sir Rml. Gwyn, Mr. Bridges, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Ash, Sir Jo/ipjrii-iiams, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Powis, Mr. Wmhington, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Bere, Sir Phil. Bolder, Mr.

Manned,

Supply Bill; Subsidies and Land Tax.

Salt Duties*

BacoWa, &c. Nat.

Sudbury

Workhouse.

Bagn all's Relief.

Tempest's

Estate.

Powell's

Estate.

Money for repairing Churches, &c.

Bishops

Castle

Election.

Meredith's

Estate.

Greenland

Trade.

Darwent

Navigation,

8

20

2(5° Martii.

A. 1702.

Mansell, Sir Rob. Marsham, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Haiwey, Sir /o/jw BoUes, Mr. Tredtnham, Mr. Hayes-, and all that serve for the County of Jor/r: And they are to meet this ' Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir Wm. Powell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife, Daughter of the said Sir William Powell; and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry; was read a Second time.

Resohfed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr Gorges, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Proby, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Yates, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Parker, Sir Henry D. (Jolt, Sir Tho. Da-mil, Mr. Bertie, Sir Cha. Hotham, Lord Fairfax, Sir John Holland, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Manley, Mr. St. Ldo, Mr Vernon, Mr, Bertie, Mr. Low t her, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Colchester; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Hertford, and for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bishops Castle, be made upon Tuesday Morning next

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling §\v William Meredith Baronet to sell Part of a capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after-mentioned, in Ashley, in the County of Chester, he havingsettled other Lands and Hereditaments in lieitthere-of, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had.given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughput; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow': m.

P. 4. L. 21. leave out the Word " King's," and, instead thereof, insert the Word " Queen's."

P. 6. L. 27. leave out " Lord," and, instead thereof, insert u LadyAnd, in the same Line, leave out u King's," and insert " Queens;" and, after the Word Majesty," leave out u his," and insert " her."

Sir Thomas Davall, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade; And the same was received.

The Lord Panfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of York, navigable, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Undertakers for making the said River navigable shall give Security to uphold the usual Rents and Fines of the JJlarsh-landa, in the Parish of Pickerings

And the same was twice read; and amended; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Lcgari and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act I vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Cotin- taS ties of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; "K and for purchasing Lands, or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concarrenceof this House. And also,'

A Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor, I or reputed Manor, of Parkbury, and other Lands and 11^'| Hereditaments, In the County of Hertford; and for applying the Monies, arising by the Sale thereof, to the Uses hereby directed: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Support of her Ma- C jesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignily of herH(* Crown, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do* pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, proceeded further lo consider of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; For' *] and the Reports thereupon. '

And the Trustees attending, according to Order;

They were called in:

And the Petition of Sir Daniel Arthur Knight being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief the said Sir Daniel Arthur;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfcr

Te.lers for.heN / %: }

So it passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Sir William Ashurst Knight being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir William Ashurst, upon his Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUenfbr.h.Noe!.^;"S.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir William Ashurst, upon his Petition: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn and Mr. Dormer, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of the Daughters and younger Sons of Dudley Btignall being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And

no.

66.

Ann;

26° — 2 70 Martii.

821

And the Petition of Walter Bagnall, eldest Son of the said Dudley Bagnall, was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question teing. j>ut, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said younger Children;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Lord Viscount Purbeck and Earl of Buckingham being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

Arid then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Lord Purbeck;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition, being against a Judgment of the Trustees, upon a Claim, be rejected.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Robert Leigh, Son and Heir of Francis Leigh, deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Trustees being called in;

And . the Petition of Thomas Connor Gentleman being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Susanna Smith Widow and Executrix of William Smith Esquire, late Accountant General and Comptroller of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, who died in that Service, in the North of Ireland, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Susanna Smith, upon her Petition: And that Mr. Nicholas do prepare, and bring in, the said

Bin.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Michael Chamberlain Esquire, on the behalf of himself, and Christopher his Son, being reacF; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew'.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Mary Skelton Widow being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew'.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mary Skelton;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Owen Carroll, Richard Barnwell Walter Pritcliet, &c. on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of those called Protectees in Ireland\ being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Valentine Brown, Thomas Brown, Jane Brown, Elizabeth Brown, Margaret Brown, and Frances Brown, all Minors, the Sons and Daughters of the Lord Kenmare, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.'

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Vol. 13.

put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Petitioners, upon their Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That ^his House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, after the Report touching the Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating' to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And that the Trustees in Town do attend.

Ordered, That Mr. Bierly, Mr. Harley, Mr. Moor, Whitley'* Mr. Granville, Mr. Bulkley, be added to the Committee p^j?1? appointed to examine Mr. Morgan Whitley, with respect Money. to his Accounts of the publick Money, and his Vouchers for the same; and also in whose Hands the Money he stands charged with is.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. Masters of St.John, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Butler, Sir William St.Quint in,

Colonel Zee, be added to the Committee, to whom the y^sioDs^ Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys and Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Com, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 27° die Martii;

Annas Reginae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Governor and Company of Mer- Damasking chants of England trading into the Levant Seas was Stuffs, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill depending for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing Colours, into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; they humbly conceive, may be of great Prejudice to the Manufactures, and industrious Artisans and Manufacturers, of the Kingdom, if the same should pass into a Law; And praying the y may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Customer and Collector of her Ma- Masters jesty's Custorhs, for the Port of Sandwich, and Members H?ys thereunto belonging, was presented -to the House, and parry.l"£ read; setting forth, That the Bill depending for the Re- rovlslons* lief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of Loiidon, will occasion great Frauds in her Majesty's Customs: And praying,

He may be heard, by his Counsel, what he hath to object against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bishop of enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his Successors, to make Gloucester'* distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, and Lstdtc* Premises therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Whmirgton, Mr. Proby, Sir Fran. Alassam,

Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Woollaston, Mr. Nezt'ton, Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Cox, Sir John Williams, Sir Alex. Rigby,

Mr. Clarke, Sir Edzv. Haste, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Stonehouse, Lord Coningsby, Sir Fran. Windham, the Earl of Dysert, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir Robert Fagg; and all for Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, and Wales: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

9 Z A Petition

Unwholesome Brandies*

Musters of Hoys currying Provisions.

Hunt's

Estate.

Bury s Eswie.

Balsall

HoajatuJ.

felling lj<nos in Whitchurch.

8 ii M. 1702.

A Pfetiticfri of the Distillers withirt the City of London, and Parts adjacent; on the behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of others using the said Trade, and not free of the Cotripaity Of Distillers of the City, wets presented to tffo‘ House, and read; setting forth', That by the Bitl de-pterrdin^ to prevent the Slaking of unu holesorne and urn Merchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the danxtestfne Importation of French Brandies; there are such Powers intended to be vested in the Company of Distillers, that, in case the said Bill should pass, it will be in their Power to engross the whole Trade into their own Hdrids, arid td ruin the Petitioners at their Pleasure: That the Petitioners are much more numerous than the Distillers, who tfre free of the said Company; and the great Consumption Of malted Corh is occasioned by the Petitioners; and, in case the Act pass, there will riot be near the Quantity consumed as now there is: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being acquainted, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Belief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Prdvisions, to the City of London, was committed, had gone through the Bill, and ordered it to be reported, before the Petitions relating the reunto were referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit again; and have Power to receive such Clause, or Clauses, as they shall conceive proper, with relation to the said Petitions; and report the same to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Janies Hunt Esquire, deceased, to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tilney, Sir Rowland Guy mi, Sir Char. Bloys, Mr. Fleming, Mr. liicrley, Mr. Prohy, Sir Sam. Barnardislon, Mr. Lee, Sir. Cholmley, Mr. Ett crick, Mr. Bere, Mr. Pitt, Mr. 0{]ky, Mr. Ogle, Sir. Clayton, Mr. Bromley, Sir Henry button Colt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. St. Loe, Sir. Snell, Mr. Wilde, Sir Win. St. Quintin, Sir Tho. Duvall, Mr. Booth, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Fagg, Sir Jervas Ernes, the Earl of Dyscrt, Mr. Masters, Mr. Pope, Sir Jacob Baunks, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Hayes; and all that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, and Wills: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphry Bury, for paying off a Mortgage and a Portion charged thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Jervas Elutes, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Rowland Guynn, Sir. Proby, Mr. Johnson, Sir Fran. Child, Sir. Manky, Sir. Scobell, Sir. Nevill, Mr. Wylde, Sir. Hicks, Sir. Offlcy, Sir. Hayes, Mr. Fagg, Sir frill. Yorke, Mr. Bromley, Sir Will. 1 lust Ur, Sir. Walpole, Mr. Lampton, Colonel Lee, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ogle, Sir Jacob Baunks, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Wynne, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Robert Cotton, and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Government of tho Hospital of Balsall, in the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Catharine Levcson, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Anderton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Chaster, in Trufr-6

foes, f6 bfe sold fot paying off the Incumbrances Charged thereon; and for other Uses therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Partier concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the fa [P11 tisfaction of the Committee; and that thfe Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; Whifch they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read ia his Place; and afterwards delivered m at the Clerk'* «ttml Table: Where the same were once read tfofoughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quesy tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; arid dre as follow; viz.

P. 2. L. 29. after Crofts," to insert " the Acre.*1 P. 3. L. 5. before " Trust," to leave ofrt " the.*

Sir Christopher HtoleS reported frosti the Committee, to faty whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, and Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Frandt Purefoy Esquire, deceased, was committed, That thej had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and considered the Petition to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which theyhad directed hitfi to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 44. leave out " his," and insert " her."

Pr. 6. L. 27. leave out " King's," and insert " Queen's."

Pr. 7. L. 39. after " Dighton ,* leave out the Word " and, " in the 45th Line of the same Press, and insert " to be paid by him to such Person or Persons as the " same shall, by Law, belong."

Pr. 8. L. 10. after " thereupon," leave out to the Word Saving."

L. 12. leave out " Lord," and insert " Lady.*

And, in the same Line, leave out " King, his," and insert " Queen, her."

A Petition of James Eustace, and others, concerned Aoneilej'i against the private Bill passing for Maurice Annesley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said private Bill being carried on by the Trustees attending the House, in Favour of the said Maurice Annesley, as the Petitioners are informed, it is submitted to the Consideration of the House, whether it be not of certain Knowledge to the Trustees, that the Design of the Bill is contrary to the Benefit granted to the Subject by the late publick Act; for that several of the Debts in the said private Bill mentioned, and only in gross, to be granted by Letters Patents, have been, by the Trustees, adjudged to the Petitioner James Eustace, and others, upon their Claims, as being the reunto rendered well inti tied by the said publick Act; and particularly a considerable Debt, which was due to the Petitioner's Mother, Catharine Eustace, from one Sursfcild, of Moores-Town, which is adjudged to the Petitioner on his Claim: That the Enacting Clauses of tlii said Private Bill being in Substance, That, notwithstanding any Relief given by the publick Act shall render the said Letters Patents, as to the Debts, good to the said Maurice', whereby it will take away the Benefit of the publick Act from the Petitioners: That, the Patent being j

passed in Ireland, and no Recital, in the Bill, of the seve- \

ral respective Debts, the Petitioners pray, That the Ma-

nagers of the Bill may give them a true Copy of the Patent; and that they may have a Saving, in the Bill, of their Right; and to be heard, by their Counsel, against the same, before it pass the House.

And the House being acquainted, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, had gone through the Bill; and directed ft to be reported;

to*

fen

kip*

k\

Ordered\

i Ann.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be made.

's A Bill for the Relief of Nicolas Baghall Eiqtrire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Bill for the Relief of Colonel Heriry Luttet'dl, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to wheim the BH1 for the Relief of Doivthy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers, and Sir Tho. Powis, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care to provide, that the Wide# of Simon Lutterell Esquire have her Jointure secured to her, according to the Adjudication of the Trustees: And that she be put into the Possession of her said Jointure accordingly.

tjic Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Months Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Sir Christopher Musgrave, and the Lord Coningsby, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

d's A Petition of Daniel Dargent, a Foreigner, and Pro-from testant Refugee, in England, was presented to the House, n5on* and read; setting forth, That, in Michaelmas Term last, the Petitioner recovered Two several Judgments against one John Huband Gentleman, the one for 340/. Debt, and the other for 200l. Insides Costs of Suit: The Petitioner sued Executions, on his said Judgments; and the Sheriff of Middlesex, the Seventeenth of March One thousand Seven hundred and One, arrested the said Mr. Ilubaml; who, the same Day, by Habeas Corpus, turned himself over a Prisoner to the Fleet, and w as immediately discharged by the Warden, or some other Person, to whom thfe Custody of the same Prison belongs, without Satisfaction to, or Consent of, the Petitioner: That the several Arrests, and other Charges, cost the Petitioner naar 30 /.; whereby, and by I^oss of the Debts, he, and his Family, are near undone: And the said Mr. Huband, and other his Accomplices, now deride him, and put him in Defiance; and tell him, That lie shall never have One Peny of Debt: That the Petitioner believes the Escapes w.ere edntrived by one Tilly: And the Petitioner prays, That the House would command the said Tillif, and all other Persons concerned in the Custody of thte said Gaol, tb attend the House, there to answer the Premises, and to take such Order, that the Petitioner may be satisfied, and his Rhin prevented.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition b& referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Samuel Lithtlier, John Denote, William Richardson, and Simon Lebland, on the behalf of themselves, and very many other Merchants in England, and in foreign Parts, Freighters and Insurers in the Chudtsiy Gaily, complaining of the Escape of John Holder, of London, Merchant, out of the Prison of the Fleet, where he was charged by the Lord Chief justice Holt, for a Contrivance in taking out the Goods, and afterwards burning the said Ship, upon which he had made great Insurances, was referred.

eain the A Petition of Francis Burgls Gentleman was presented

to the House, and read; setting mm tb, That he, beinga Prisonertu the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, about April last, did enter into a Bond with one Darrison to the Marshal, to be a true Prisoner to him; and did give a Warrant of Attorney, to confess Judgment on the Bond to the Marshal; and afterwards gave him Six Guineas, besides all other Feus; and also a Note to pay Three Guineas more, on Demand; to have his Liberty at large; but, VOL. lj.

823

ifcout Christmas last, the Marshal Sent hit Waiters, and /

brought the Petitioner into close Confinement on the Master s Side, and soon after put him in the Dungeon; which has greatly impaired his Health; and, w hen removed from thence; he was turned on the Common Side; and the P«f-titioner did bring his Habeas Corpus, to remove himself to lire Fleet; and the Marshal opposed the same; but, the 9ame being allowed, the Marshal, on the Twenty-fourth Instant, charged the Petitioner in Execution for One thousand Pounds on the said Judgment, and threatens tb take out Execution on the same against the Security, notwithstanding he gave the Petitioner Leave, for the Money aforesaid, to be at large out of the Rules; and he, being ignorant of the Law, did beHeve the Marshal had Power to make such Agreement, he daily making the like with his Prisoners; but is since informed, the Marshal, by sfe doing, has incurred several Penalties: And praying thfc Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief therein, as shall seem most just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Samuel Let heller, John ZX mxc, William Richardson, and Siinon Lebland, on the behalf of themselves, and very many other Merchants in England\ and in foreign Parts,

Freighters and Insurers in the Cloudesly Gaily, complaining of the Escape of John Holder, of London, Merchant, out of the Prison of the Fleet, where he was charged by the Lord Chief Justice Holt, for a Contrivance in taking out the Goods, and alterwards burning the said Ship, upon which he had made great Insurances, was referred.

And the House being informed, That the Committee , had directed a Report to be made, touching the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet, and sit; and examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and report the same, wish their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth Wandesford, and her Wandesfords Daughter, was read the First time. Relief.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Regard and Queen's Mr. Pitt; Household.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered That the Bill for the better Sale of the for- Irish Forfeited and other Estates and Interest in Ireland, towards feitures. Payment of the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning;

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for a Court of Conscience for Tower Ham-the Tower Hamlets, Borough of Southwark, Holborn and Jfts» . Finsbury Divisions, and all other Places within the Weekly bum De Bills of Mortality, be road a Secopd time upon Monday Morning next

A Bill for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commis- Union with sioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of Scotland. J England and Scotland, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Mornjrig next

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Men for the } .65.

TcUenfor^Noee^f- } n9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered,

ij° Martiu

Whitby

Harbour.

Supply Bill; Subsidies and Land Tax.

Salt Duties.

Money for repairing Churches, &c.

Committees.

Selling certain Lands ii Bedfordshire, fee.

Rose's

Estate.

Earl of Carlingford't &c. Relief.

Smith's

Relief.

Lavallin's

Relief.

824 . 37* — 28° Martii. 1702.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Marston* whom the Bill for the Rebuilding, and Keeping in good ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Charitio. Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the Confirming and Settling of divers Charities, given by the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, last Will of Job Marston Gentleman, deceased, ,was com-be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning. mitted, That they had examined the Allegations of the

_ . t Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Sa-Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had the Bill for granting to, her Majesty divers Subsidies, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned. directed him to report to the House; which he read in

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. _ his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee. Table: Where the same were once read throughout;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. _ and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and House; and are as follow; viz. had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to p. 4. L. 12. before " as," insert " for ever."

sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 28* die Martii; i° Annas Reginae.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Counties of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Lands or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose Gentleman to Lands called Rempstone; and for Sale of Lands called Carrant's

Court,' in the County of Dorsett, for Payment of the Debts of William Rose Gentleman, deceased; and for settling the Manor of Cheddar in the County of Somersett, with the Overplus on the said Sale, on Mary Rose an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of Three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the same in at the C.lerk's Table.

Sir Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Francis Earl of Carting-ford, and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary, in Ireland:And the same w'as received.

Mr. Nicholas, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Susanna Smith Widow, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Sir Charles Hedges, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the Relief of Jane with relation

to the Irish Forfeitures And the same was received.

P. 5. L. 23. leave out " Picket t,' and insert " Prichett."

L. 49. after " that," insert " shall."

P. 7. L. 44. leave out " Skidmore," and insert " Skids-"more.."

P. 12. L. 34. leave out " King's," and insert " Queen's;" and, in the same Line, leave out " his," and insert " her."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Selling Lawk for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in in Whit-the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Chester, in church. Trustees, to be sold, for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kinaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Apothecarin Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, exe"Pl from An Act for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries.

And, the same being once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

I Press, 2. L. insert after the Word " Years," these Words, " of the Reign."

After the Word " of," leave out to the Word " inti-<f tuled," in the same Line, and insert, instead thereof,

" King William the Third."

10 L. after the Word " the," leave out " King's," and insert, " Queen's."

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Counterfeit-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ing Coin. An Act for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the Counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

O # O

And the same being once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title, 2d Line, after " his," insert " late."

1 Skin, 2 Line, after " his," insert " late."

5 L. after " his," add " said."

13 L. for " King's," read " Queen's."

17 L. after " his," add " late."

39 L. after " his," add " late."

2 Skin, 31 L. after " said," add " late."

3 Sk. 20 L. for " present," read, " late."

Ordered, That Mr. Newton do carry the Bill to the

Lords,

futi*

Ink

kiii of II ynnii fas

Si

i Ann.

28° Iftartii.

825

Wiredrswen

Trad*.

Lords* and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Ordered, That Sir Roger do carry the Bill to

to the said Amendments-. the Lords* and acquaint them* That this House hath

agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which A Bill for continuing and amending the Act, made in they desire their Lordships Concurrence. the JNinth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein;

Press 3. L. 41. after "or," to insert " Silver

Ordered.\That the Reports of the Bills, relating to the Irish Irish Forfeitures, which were committed, and which the Forfeiture* Committee have gone through, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Addison Esquire, was presented- Estate* give* And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner supersti-agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the understanding the re is a Bill depending before the House*: "ous Use‘* Table accordingly. for the tetter Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the An Act for continuing and amending the Act, made in the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital at;

Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act, and he having begun several Suits, and, by Inquisition, for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and seized into his late Majesty's Hands several Houses in the Silk; and for the belter making of Gold and Silver Thread; Savoy, formerly given to superstitious Uses, at his own

and to prevent the Abuses of the Wiredrawers.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Explaining 7 W. III. for Security of King's Person.

proper Costs; and the Prosecution still depending; and no Recompence made: And praying to be heard before the Bill pass; or that a Clause may be inserted to save his Right

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be made.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wed*

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act, made at the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty-second of tiesday Morning next November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our

Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of John Land Tax.

Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Chehryn Esquire, in the Name, and at the Request, of a Government: great Number of the Freeholders and Inhabitants within

And the same, being once read throughout; and then the Hundred of , in the Countyo

a Second time, one by one; were, upon the Question complaining of an undue Proportion set upon them to the severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and Taxes by the Acts made in the Ninth and Eleventh Years are as follow; viz. of his Majesty's Reign; and praying Relief therein;

In Amendment marked 4, after " Inquisition," add be heard before the Committee of the whole House, to nor any Writ of Certiorari, or Habeas Corpus, in any whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers SubsiMatter or Cause, either Criminal or Civil; nor any dies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned,

is committed, upon Tuesday come Sevennight.

" Writ of Attachment, or Process ot Contempt; nor any Commission of Delegacy, or Review for any Matters " Ecclesiastical, Testamentary, or Maritime, or any Process thereupon."

In Amendment marked 18, after " Inquisition," add " nor any Writ of Certiorari, or Habeas Corpus, in any " Matter or Cause, either Criminal or Civil; nor any

u

" any Commission of Delegacy, or Review for any Matters Ecclesiastical, Testamentary, or Maritime, or any " Process thereupon."

Ordered, That Mr. Ettrick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Co?iyers presented to the House a Bill to declare the Oath of

Alterations in the Oath appointed to he taken by the Act, Abjuration.' intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended

Writ of Attachment, or Process for Contempt; nor Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open

Soatne's

Estate.

and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Bill for enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Greenland Trade, was read the First time. Trade.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame Gentleman, and Dorothy his Wife; and for

applying the Monies, raised thereby* for the Payment of The Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give the <pjje Serjeant his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary Soame, and Wil- House an Account of what he has done in relation'to the gives Ac-liam Soame, Two of his younger Children; was read the apprehending of the Persons at Coventry, ordered to be c°unt of Fn-Third time. . taken into his Custody; a^rehend*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, He acquainted the House, That he having sent his Mes- certain6"

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame, senger, with a Warrant to Coventry, he was informed, Persons, and Dorothy his Wife; and for applying the Monies, that some Person had gone Post before his Messenger, raised thereby, for the Payment of his Debts, and for the and given them Notice, though he got thithdr by the next Portions of Mary and William Soame, Two of their Day at Noon; upon which they were fled, or absconded: younger Children. And that his Messenger having taken one Edward

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Boswort of the City of Coventry, to his Assistance, the

Meredith's

Estate.

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir William Meredith Baronet, to sell Part of a capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after-mentioned, in Ashley, in the County of Chester-, he having settled other Lands and Tenements, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Vo 1. 13.

said Bosrvorth was threatened for w hat he did, by Mr.

Edward Owen, Alderman of the said City: And that the said Bosworth attended to give the House an Account

thereof.

And the said Bosworth was called in, and examined.

And then withdrew. v

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Edward Owen, Alderman 0 is guilty

of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, and Contempt against the some, by using threatening Language against

10 A the

82<S

28° Martii.

A. 1702.

the Person that assisted the Serjeant in Execution of the Orders of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas,

112.

90.

Tellers for the Noes, Colt

'(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Mr. Edward Owen be, for his said Crime, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, gfcgg? }

Jjto.

Tellersfor theNoe^'W.' }

So it resolved in the Affirmative.

&6.

Addresses for Proclamation for apprehending Persons absconded.

Suffolk Place Improvement.

Meredith's

Estate.

Selling Lands in Whitchurch.

The Serjeant being called upon to give the House an Account of w hat he had done in Execution of the Order for the apprehending of Thomas Colepeper Esquire;

He acquainted the House, That diligent Search had been made after him; but that he was fled, or absconded.

Ordered, That Thomas Colepeper Esquire, having been guilty of many scandalous and indirect Practices; and, in Contempt of the Justice of this House, hath absconded; That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty,1That she will be pleased to issue forth her Royal Proclamation for apprehending the said Mr. Colepeper.

Resolved, That Mr. Abraham Owen, one of the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, having been guilty of a false and double Return for the City of Coventry, and divers indirect Practices; and, in Contempt of the Justice of this House, having absconded; That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will please to issue forth her Royal Proclamation for apprehending the said Mr. Owen.

Resolved, That Mr. John Collins, the other Sheriff of the City of Coventry, having been guilty of a false and double Return for the City of Coventry, and divers indirect Practices; and, in Contempt of the Justice of this House, having absconded; That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will please to issue forth her Royal Proclamation for apprehending the said Mr. Collins.

Resolved, That Mr. Edxeard Owen, Under Sheriff of the City of Coventry, having been guilty of divers illegal and partial Proceedings in the late Election for the City of Coventry; and, in Contempt of the Justice of this House, having absconded; That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will please to issue forth her Royal Proclamation for the apprehending the said Mr. Owen.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Gcry:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Improvement of Suffolk Place in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir William Meredith Baronet to sell Part of a capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after-mentioned, in Ashley, in the County of Chester; he having settled other Lands and Tenements, in lieu thereof. Also,

1 he Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of // hit church, in the County of in Trustees, to he

1

»old, Sot paying off the Iocpmbnaftqee charged thp*eon; and for other Uses therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dormer, according to Order, reported, from tfiq Holder's Committee, to whom the Petition of Samiiel Let belief, Escape from John Denew, William Richardson, send Simon Lebland, on Fleet Pnw*' the behalf of themselves, and very many other Merchants in England, and in foreign Parts, Freighters and Insurers in the: Cloudesly Gaily; complaining of the Escape of John Holder, of London, Merchant, out of the Prison of the Fleet:where he wqs scharged,. by the Lord Chief Justice Holt, for a Contrivance in taking out the Goods, and afterwards burning the said Ship, upon which he had made great Insurances; was referred; the Matter, as it appeared so them; which they had directed him to report t;o the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee had examined the Matter thereof, and find the same to be as followeth; viz.

That to the First Part of the Petition, relating to John Holder, Owner of the late Cloudesly Gaily;

William Suck/cy, Mariner, informed the Committee,

That, in March 1699, John Snapcs, Commander of the Holder Frigate, came to him, and told him, That Mr.

John Holder, of London, Merchant, desired to speak with him, intending to make him Commander of the Cloudesly Gaily, for a Voyage to Cadiz, Genoa, and Leghorne, and so Home agaiu; But Suck/ey replying. That he was. in Expectation of another Ship; Snapes said, That this Voyage would be most for his Advantage; and that he should go in the Holder Frigate, in Company thither, also: Thereupon the Informant went to Holder, and agreed to accept the Command of the said Gaily; and accordingly Bills of usual Notice were put up at the in

Name; and then Holder told the Informant, That they had or would make great Assurances upon the said Ship, and her Loading, and take up great Sump of Money on Bottomry, and Merchants Goods on Freight; and had contrived and designed to bum the said Ship at Sea, and make Advantage thereof for themselves;

That he entered into the said Confederacy with Holder and Snapes; for which he was to have 1,500l.; and der gave him Three Notes under his Hand, amounting to that Sum, payable within Twelve Months after; which Notes he produced to the Committee: And the same"

Day Holder gave him secret Orders for carrying on the said Contrivance, consisting of 26 Articles; and afterwards sent him inclosed, by Letter to under his Hand, additional Instructions:

That they prevailed with Suckley to sigu false Bills of Loading for Goods and Jewels that w ere never put on board; particularly 135 Pigs of Lead, 48 Hogsheads of Sugar, a Box of Jewels of 1,400l. Value, several Bales of Goods of many other Merchandizes: And also that after Goods have been shipped, he has altered the Marks by Holders Order; particularly 19 Casks of Wax, for which Holder had given a Bill of Lading to Mr

That Holder, Snapes, and Suckley, borrowed 900l. upon their Bottomry Bond: And Holder said, That he had secured to the Value of 16,000 /.

That he sailed from London, freighted with divers Merchants Goods of a considerable Value, and arrived at Cadiz, and there also gave false Bills of Lading; and took into the Amount of 18,000 Pieces of Eight, besides much Plate, of divers Merchants, on Freight; for Genoa and leghorne; and then sailed from in Company of the Holder Frigate, on their said pretended Voyage; but, by the Way, at Sea, before they arrived at the Port, to which they were consigned, great Quantities of the most valuable Goods put on board the Clotulesly Gaily nt London, and all the Pieces of Eight, and Plate, were, by Holder and Snapes, taken out of the Gaily, and put on*board the Ship Holder Frigate; and afterwards the said Gaily was set on Fire by one Robert Acres, w ho was Mate of

her;

j: Ann.

far; being prevailed upon so to do by $ napes, who pro-sused him 1 oo /. for his so doing; and the said Cloudesly Gaily was, by the end fire, totally destroyed; the Wen escaping on board the Frigate; and Holder and Snepes divided the Plate, Money and Goods, between themselves. And, after the Informant came to he also signed

false Bills of Lading; and Holder altered the Marks on several of the Goods, and owned the aforesaid Orders and Instructions; but declined to pay the Informant any Part of the 1,500 Lwhich he was to have for his Consent to the burning of the said Gaily, by putting him off from time to time.

Nic. JValker said, That he was Quarter-master of tire Clcktdttly Gaily at the time she was burnt, which was on the goth of October 1699: That Robert the Mate, came running upon the Deck, and said, The Ship was on fire, end gave the Signal; upon which the Informant proposed to the Men, to carry Water, and endeavour to pot it out, there appearing only some Smoke at a great Distance from the Powder-room, and he offering to go and throw the Powder overboard; but Aci'es was against it, and ordered the Long-boat to be put out, and put therein the best of his Cloaths; and the Men also went into the Boat; but he would not suffer them to put any thing in her; and then they followed the Holder , which

liad left the Gaily Three Hours before; and the Fire burned 10 or 12 Hours before it reached the Powder-room; so that, if the Holder Frigate had staid, probably, great Part of the Goods might have been saved: And said, Me sawr Si tapes alter the Marks on several Goods taken out of the m.id Gully, after they were put on board the Holder Frigate.

Sir A/ illiam /ledgessaid, That there was Insurance made

at Cadiz, for 12,000 Dollars, upon the

for 2,900 whereof he subscribed for himself and Partners; and that, after the burning of the Gaily, he was required to give Insurance for the Musters of Ships; which, before, was unusual, and never demanded of the Merchants, and brought a great Discredit upon the English there.

Mr. Radbarn esaid, That he insured for 500 Dollars on the same Policy with Sir; and was at

Cadiz when the said Gaily was burned; which brought such a Disgrace upon our Merchants there, that, when they applied to the Italian Brokers to get them Freight for Italy, as usually, they replied, That they had such an Instance in the Cloudesly Gaily, as never to trust an Englishmen more.

Mr. Gideon said, That he has been employed to search the Insurance Offices at London and Bristol!, in this Matter; and finds, by the Policies in both Places, that there where 1 (5,000 /. insured upon the Cloudesly Gaily.

Mr. Hales, an Attorney, said, Tlrat some of the Insurance-money has been recovered by; but

hopes, he shall put a stop to further Matters of that Nature.

That, to prove the Second Part of the Petition, relating to the Warden of the Fle Prison; Mr. Hales said, That, on the 5th of this Instant March he served Mr. Dixon, the Clerk of the Papers of the said Prison, with the Lord Chief Justice Holt's Warrant, directed to the Warden of the Fleeor his Deputy; that the Warden was not within, as informed; requiring them to detain and keep John Holder, then in his Custody, in sure and safe Custody, for his Offence, in assisting, contriving and directing, the wilful burning of the Cloudesly Gaily, by Robert Acres Mate thereof, and whereof the said John Holder was Owner, until he should be discharged by due Course of Law': And Dixon then owned, That Holder was a Prisoner, and in Custody; and that he would take care, and secure him: And that Dixon always acted for the Warden as his Agent:

That he had another Warrant from my Lord Chief Justice Holt before this; which he did not think effectual; and therefore procured the above-said Warrant.

Mr. Jacob Kyzersaid, That, on the Sixth of March instant, in the Morning, he and Mr. met Mr. Dixon, with the above Warrant in his. Hand; and then Voi. 13.

827

Dixon owned, That the said Holder was a prisoner; and the Turnkey also said so: Upon.....Kyzer asked to

see Holder; but Dixon denied to shew him; saying, The Warden was out of Town; but if he w'ould come in the Afternoon, he might have an answer; and Kyzer threatening to complain to the House of Commons, Dixon said, Pugh! He did not care for the House of Commons. That, accordingly he went in the Afternoon; and then they said, He was not a Prisoner; and the Turnkey said. He lodged somewhere in the Old David Grill: That he went with Mr/ to the

Fleet, and met with the Warden, and asked for Holder; upon which the Warden bid them go to Dixon; he did all his Business; and he himself knew nothing of the Matter: Whereupon Grill told him, That Holder was his Prisoner; and that, if he did not produce him, he should hear of it in the House of Commons.

That, to answer this, Mr. Ford, the Warden, said, He did not know of Holder's Offences; if he had, he should have had more Care of him; but that he only stood committed to him the 4th of February last, in Discharge of his Bail, in Three or Four Actions, which amount to about 120/.

That he takes his Office to be in the Nature of a Sheriff's Office, where Bail is allowed; and that be has taken the same Person's Security for Holders Imprisonment, as the Sheriff had taken to the Actions, sufficient to answer the same, as he believes; and hopes, he shall not be answerable for more than his Commitments:

That he thinks my Lord Chief Justices Warrant to be unusual: To charge him with the Custody of Holder, there ought to have been a Habeas Corpus to have brought him before his Lordship; and then he would have removed him to a criminal Prison, more proper than the Fleet:

That he was out of Town, when the Matters were transacted; and when lie came, referred them to Dixon: That the Petitioners Agent searched for Holder upon the First Warrant, and took up one Mr. Bird for him; and thereupon Holder has taken the Alarm, and is gone aw ay; but hopes to take him again: And alleged, That, by the Act 8* Willidmi3tii, for regulating Prisons, the Person asking for a Prisoner in order to charge him, ought to demand a Note, under the Hand of the proper Officer, That he was a Prisoner; which, in this Case, was not done.

And the Committee taking Notice, that the Security Bond being of boo/. Penalty; and executed by William Bird, and Thomas Bush a Tipstaff to the Fleet',

The Warden owned, That Bush was his Tipstaff; but said, Mr. Bird was no Prisoner; but believes him to be a responsible Alan: and was the Person taken upon the said Warrant.

And Air. Dixon denied he spoke the Words mentioned by Kyzer touching the House of Commons.

And that, upon the whole Alatter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have Fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Holder, by procuring false Bills of Loading, and making fraudulent Insurances in England, and foreign Parts, on the Cloudesly Gaily, and by contriving and directing the wilful burning of the said Ship, after the Goods of Value were taken out of the same, is guilty of a villainous Practice, highly dishonourable to the Nation, and prejudicial to the Trade thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William IVeedon Ford Esquire, Warden of the Fleet, by suffering the said John Holder to escape, after he was legally charged in his Custody for the said Offence, is guilty of a notorious Breach of his Duty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

28* Ma

Holder's Escape from Fleet Prison.

8a8 28* — 30* Martii. A170a,

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Privateers.

Whitby

Harbour.

Irish Forfeitures.

Money for repairing Churches, &c.

Unwhole-

some

Brandies.

Palmer's

Estate.

Stone's

Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the summoning John Holder to render himself to Justice, in a certain Time, under a Penalty: And that Mr. Dormer prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prosecute the said Mr. Ford, Warden of the Fleet, for his said Offence.

Ordered, That the said Committee do consider of some effectual Way to prevent the burning of Merchants Ships, or betraying them into the Enemy's Hands.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench, do lay before this House an Account of the Rules of their respective Prisons, and the Boundaries and Extents thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, towards Payment of the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Cook, Sir Jeffery Jeff'eryes, Mr. Alcock, Mr Mr. Bertie, Sir Fran.Child, Mr. Mr. Pace, Sir Wm.

York, Mr. Carr, Mr. Hcysham, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Young, Mr. Yates, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Clayton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Making of unwholsome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mansell, Colonel Drake, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Sir Charles Shuck be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Geffery Palmer Esquire to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vernon, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Herbert, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone, of Baldwyn Brightwell, in the County of Oxvn, Esquire, in his Family and Name, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 30* die Martii; i* Ann® Regin®.

Praters.

Far! of A/f R- Paget reported from the Committee, to whom ThomomFs _Lv A the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An E*ute. Act to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta O Brien, Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in Ireland, for the Discharging of Incumbrances thereon, and of a Charge of Four thousand Pounds

for his Sister's Portion, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Paget do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rose'sEatata. for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose Gentleman to Lands called Rempstone , and for Sale of Lands called Carrant's-court in the County of Dorset, for Payment of the Debts of William Rose Gentleman, deceased; and for settling the Manor of Cheddar Fitz Walters, in the County of Somerset, with the Overplus on the said Sale, on Mary Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of Three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Mr. Secretary Vernon reported to the House, That Answer t* their Address having been presented to her Majesty, relating Addres* to Barbadoes and the Leeivard Islands; As to the former Part thereof, That her Majesty would please, that the Duty, or Impost, of Four and a Half per Centum may be applied for the repairing and erecting Fortifications, and other publick Uses, for the Safety, of the said Islands; and that an annual Account, how the said Duties shall have been expended, may be laid before this House; her Majesty was pleased to say, That she would give Directions accordingly: And that, as to the latter Part, That she would please to appoint such Persons to be Governors of the Barbadoes and Leeward Islands, as are well qualified^ for that great Trust, her Majesty was pleased to say.

She will take care therein.

A Petition of a great Number of distressed Debtors in Debtor* Winton common Gaol was presented tc the House. Petition*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed.

A Petition of several poor Prisoners for Debt, and Damages, in her Majesty's Gaols for the County, and Town of Bedford, as well in behalf of themselves, as divers others in Custody in the said Gaols, and other the Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee to w hom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Purefoy'* to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, and Estate. Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Hales do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to Ashmt'i the House a Bill for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst, Relief, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Mr. Clayton, according to Order, presented to the House Sending a Bill for preventing vexatious Suita in the Taking on Servants to board and Transporting of Servants to the English Plan- E'antaUons' tations in America: And the same was received.

Ordered,

1

I 1*

| JUi

h

Li

Sir

It

i Ann. 3 M 829

>vtitby Ordered\ That all the Members that serve for Wales and Resolved\ That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Harbour. Cheshire be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords,

the rebuilding, and maintaining in good Repair, the Pier and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the County of York, is committed. they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Masters of Hoys carrying Provisions.

Belle w *s Kelie£

Leave of Absence.

Pore Toy's Estate.

Singleton's

Belief.

Colonel Lee reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of ,was

committed, That the Committee having gone through the Bill before the Petitions relating the reunto were referred to the said Committee, they cannot proceed to relieve the Petitioners, unless the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee; to the end the Petitioners may be relieved as to the Committee shall seem necessarry.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellezc, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a-Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Williani have Leave to go

into the Country, for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Lcgard and Mr. Gay:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands Tythes, and Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy Esquire, deceased.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Eduard , with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' in-

Macdonnell'* Mr- Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom Relief. the Bill for the Relief of Hannah u ith relation

to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed (except one, which was disagreed) unto by the House.

And a saving Clause being offered to be added to the

Bill;

The same was twice read; and amended; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mars ton's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Charities. for Confirming and Settling of divers Charities, given by the last Will of Job Marston Gentleman, deceased, was read the Third time.

Vo l. 13.

A Bill for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commission- Union with ers to treat for an Union between the4vingdoms of Eng- Scotland. land and Scotland, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday come Scvennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Sale of the forfeited and other jruh For-Estates and Interests in Ireland, towards Payment of the feiture.. Debts due to the Army; and for Transport Service; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday come Sevennight.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod v to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this Honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Five publick Bills, and Eight private Bills; viz.

An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown :'

An Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom f

An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act, made at the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Two-and-twentieth of November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled,

An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government:

An Act reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and W ard Offices; and from serving upon Juries:

An Act for continuing the Act, made in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom:

o o

An Act for the Relief oi Frances Countess of Tyrcouncil,

Relict of Richard late Earl of 7 yrconnell, of the Kingdom of Ireland:

An Act for settling and vesting divers Manors and Lands of Francis Wightwickan Infant, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis Wightwick, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon:

An Act to enable Warner Lee, alias Warner Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage:

An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for enabling Sir William Meredith Baronet to sell Part of a Capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after mentioned, in Ashley, in the County of Chester; he having settled other Lands and Tenements

in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta O'Bryen, Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in Ireland, for the Discharging of Incumbrances thereon; and of a Charge of Four thousand Pounds lor his Sister's Portion:

10 B An

830

3off — 31®

A. 1702.

Queen's

Speech.

«Addre$* on

Queen's

Speech.

An Act for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose Gentleman to Lands, called R; anti for Sale of Lands, called Currant's Courtin the County of , for Payment of the Debts of William Rose Gentleman, deceased; and for settling the Manor of Cheddar Walters, in the County of Somewith the Overplus, on the said Sale, on Mary Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of Three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant:

An Act to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tythes, and Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy Esquire deceased.

And that, afterwards, her Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament: And that, to prevent any Mistake in reporting the same, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof: which he read to the House; and is as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am very well pleased to have given My Assent to the Act for the taking the publick Accounts: Nothing is more reasonable than to give the Kingdom the Satisfaction of having those great Sums accounted for, which were raised to carry on the late War; especially when it is necessary for our own Safety, and the Support of our Allies, to continue great Taxes.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you My kind and hearty Thanks for continuing to Me, for My Life, the same Revenue you had granted to the King: I will take great Care it shall be managed to the best Advantage; and, while my Subjects remain under the Burden of such great Taxes, I will streighten Myself in my ow n Expences, rather than not contribute all I canto their Ease and Relief, with a just Regard to the Support of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown. It is probable the Revenue may fall very short of what it has formerly produced: However, I will give Directions, That One hundred thousand Pounds be applied to the publick Service, in this Year, out of the Revenue you have so unanimously given Me.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The present Posture of Adairs Abroad, as well as the Season of the Year, obliges Me to put you in mind of giving all possible Dispatch to the publick Business.

Resolved, Nemine contradiccnteThat an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return the most hearty and dutiful Thanks of this House for her Majesty's niost gracious Speech from the Throne; and, particularly for her unparalleled Grace and Goodness, in contributing out of her own Revenue, to the Ease and Relief of her Subjects.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address:

And it is referred to Sir Edxcard Seymour, Sir Cha. Hedges, the Lord Marquis of Hartmgton, the Lord Spencer, Mr. Smith, the Lord Conningsbu, Mr. St.

Colonel Granville, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Cooper, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Richard Onslozc, Mr. of

wickshire, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr.

Colchester, Sic Rich. Cocks, Sir Geo. Rook, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Dormer, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, J>ir

Jos. Tredcriham, Mr. Comym, Colonel Stanhope, Mr. Met form. Sir Jo. Lcveson Gow Colonel Trenchard, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Hen. Peachy, Mr. Coke, Sir Roger Mosti/n, Sir John Bolles, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Scobell, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Will.Drake, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Austin, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Conyers, Sir Chris.Musgrave, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee Committee*, for drawing up the Address, be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Bill for a Court of Conscience for Tower the Tower Hamlets, Borough of Southwark, Holborne Hamlets, 4c. and Finsbury Divisions, and all other Places within the SnwU £>ebu' weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Whitby whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Re- Harbour, pair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next ea*

Ordered, That Mr. Yates, Sir Hen. Mr. Row- Unwhole-

ney, Mr. Gulston;and all that serve for Hertfordshire'. me

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent rao ies* the Making of unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Trelawney, Colonel Churchill, Sir Barone* tf Fran. Warre, Sir Jacob Banks, and Colonel Lutterell, be

added to tire Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief ' of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 31° die Martii; i° Anna Regin®.

Praters.

JEJVIS de la Conde, Stephen

Castlefrome, Abraham BrumquAlbert le Blanc, Charles de la Pomtelle, John Champfleury, Peter de Mai-

gron, Philip Margas, Josiable James de Cau,

Philip Rose, Jacob Vincent, Abraham de David

Francis Gaudet, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Resolved, That this House will, every Morning at Eleven publick Clock, proceed upon publick Business. Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Balsh, Mr. OJsley, Mr. Neville, Bishop of Mr. Hicks, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Jos.Tredenham, be added

to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the s Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his Successors, to make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, and Premises, therein mentioned, is committed.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a A Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bar- Duty on LnadTax*0*1 Committee °* the whole House, upon the Bill for granting gaining for, Shares in any joint Stocks of Corporations, Sale of joint ax* to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for was read a Second time. , eL

the Purposes therein mentioned. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

d Resolved,

In*

l Mi!

ptm

kali

fid

IlUU

7I«

huu

% ti

Writ

Die.

Iru

Ad

Q*

Stock Share*

i Ann.

3 i° Mar tii.

«3.i

Raising the Militia.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to a Committee thinks it probable that the Revenue may fall very short of of the whole House. what it has formerly ^produced; and when Your Majesty's

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Expences must, of Necessity, be greater than ordinary, ing next, resolve itsell into a Committee of the whole Nothing can more encourage your People to contribute. House, upon the said Bill. with Alacrity, to the publick Occasions, than to have be-

fore them so great and glorious an Example, from Your The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, presented to Majesty, of Zeal and Affection for the Common Good;

the House a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One and that Your Majesty is so well pleased to have given the thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Kingdom the Satisfaction of having those great Sums ao Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And counted for, which were raised to carry on the late

the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

War.

n

j. t

Damasking

Stuffs.

We cannot omit, upon tips Occasion, to repeat our firm Resolutions to maintain and defend Your Majesty, and Your Government, against the pretended Prince of Ordered, That no new Business be admitted into the and all other Your Majesty's Enemies whatsoever. House. May God prolong your Majesty's auspicious Reign

over us, and bless these Kingdoms with Royal Issue of Ordered \That Sir John Leveson Gower, Mr. Sacheve- Your Majesty, to inherit the Crowns of Your Ancestors. rell, and Sir Edmund Bacon, be added to the Committee,

lid

to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours on all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; anti raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; is committed.

Tower A Bill for a Court of Conscience for the Tower Ham-

Humlets, ttc. Jets, Borough of Southwark, and Finsbury Divi-

SmallL)ebu' sions, and all other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality, was, according to Order, read a Second time: And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after " Commons," " of

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Netninecontradiccnte, That the House doagree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended. And the same is as followeth; viz.

tVindhani's

Estate.

Barnwell's

Estate.

Higham-

Ferrers

Writ.

Water-measure of Fruit.

Address on

Queen's

Speech.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave unanimously to return our most humble and hearty Thanks for Your Majesty's most gracious Speech A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and from the Throne; and particularly for Your Majesty's un- Mr. G 'cry: paralleled Grace and Goodness, in declaring, That Your

Mr. Speaker, Majesty, out of your own Revenue, will contribute so

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en- largely to the Ease and Relief of Your Subjects, at a time able Rebecca Windham to sell and dispose of an Estate, Vvhen Your Majesty thinks it probable that the Revenue late Sarah Verdon s, in the County of Norfolk: To which may fall very short of what it has formerly produced; they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also, and when Your Majesty's Expences must, of Necessity, be

They have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the en- greater than ordinary, abling Abraham Barnwell to make a more ample Settle- Nothing can more encourage your People to contribute,

ment of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Family; and to with Alacrity, to the publick Occasions, titan to have be-charge Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger fore them so great and glorious an Example, from Your Children in his Lile-time; for Payment of his Debts: Majesty, of Zeal and Affection for the Common Good;

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JJigha/n-Ferrers, in the room of Thomas

Ekins Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Water-measure of

O # u

Fruit was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to ascertain the Water-measure of Fruit.

Ordered, That Colonel Colchester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

and that Your Majesty is so well pleased to have given the Kingdom the Satisfaction of having those great Sums accounted for, which were raised to carry on the late War.

We cannot omit, upon this Occasion, to repeat our firm Resolutions to maintain and defend Your Majesty, and Your Government, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other your Majesty's Enemies whatsoever.

May God prolong Your Majesty's auspicious Reign over us, and bless these Kingdoms with Royal Issue of Your Majesty, to inherit the Crowns of Your Ancestors.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended Sir Thomas Paicys reported from the Committee ap- by this House, pointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is a3 followeth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, beg Leave unanimously to return our most humble and heartyThanks for Your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne; and particularly for your Majesty's unparalleled Grace and Goodness, in declaring, That Your Majesty, out of Your

Sir Rowland Guyn, according to Order, reported from Bishop'* the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter Castle ' touching the Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, Election, in the County of Salop, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of George Walcot Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Charles Mason Esquire to serve for the Borough of Bishop's Castle:

That, upon the Hearing of the Merits of this Elec-

own Revenue, will contribute so largely to the Ease and tion, there were Two Polls produced; One in behalf of Relief of Your Subjects, at a time when Your Majesty the Petitioner, taken by Air. a sworn Clerk:

Vol. 13. That;

Bishop's

Castle

Election,

31 ° Martii. 1702.

That, upon which Poll, there was,

For Mr. JValcot - - - 41.

For Mr. Mason 40.

That another, produced on behalf of the Sitting Member, taken by Robert Mas, another sworn Clerk; Upon which Poll, there was,

For Mr JValcot- - - 39.

For Mr. Mason - 42.

That which made the Difference of the Poll, was; In the Poll produced by the Petitioner, there were put down William Stockin and Richard James for the Petitioner; who were not put down to him on the Poll produced by the Sitting Member: And there was omitted, in the same Poll, to Mr. Mason, the said William Stockin, and the Bailiff's Vote; which were put down to him on the Poll produced by the Sitting Member.

The Matters endeavoured to be made out, as well by die Petitioner, as by the Silting Member, were, Bribery, and the making good a Majority upon the Poll.

The Evidence w as as follows:

The Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses; Robert Wollaston, said, That Mr. llanmer, 'Mr.Mason's,

Brother-in-law, told him, That the late Earl of Jicld, had, by his Will, left in his Hands 1001, and, if he would vote for Mr. Mason, he should have as great a Share as any one; and that Mr. Hanmcr made an Interest for Mr. Mason: Wollaston said, He was examined as a Witness, at the Hearing of the Merits of the last Election.

Geo. Winton said, That Mr. Mason met David Adams in the Street the Day before the Election, and told him, If he would vote for him, he should have the House, and Three Closes he then possessed, Rent-free: And, the same Day at Night, he told the said Adams, That, if he would come up to London, he would get him a beneficial Place: And that David Adams told him, He was in Ar-rear of Rent, and Mr. Mason had promised him to set it off: George Winton, being afterwards examined the next Night the Committee sat, said, That Mr. Mason offered him Five Guineas, if he would give him his Vote.

Eduard Minton said, That old Mr. Mason sent for him Tw o Days before the Election, and told him, That, if he would vote for his Son, he should have his House Rent-free, and Part of tool, left by the late Earl of Macclesfield: He acknowleged, He never had Possession of the House; and that, since Mr. Mason had lett it to another.

Edward Minton said, That, on the Christmas Eve last he heard John Waters say, That he would never have voted for Mr. Mason, but that he had 5/. for his Vote: He said, He was a Witness at the Hearing of the Merits of the last Election.

Walter Coneing said, That Isaiah Hoggin, on the Saturday before the Election, came to a House where the said Coneing was; and he said, That Isaiah Hoggin told him, He had no Money, but was to have Three Closes for his Life, after old Mr. Alas oris Death, paying 12 a Year; but he was to vote for the Sitting Member in the mean time: He said, He was a Witness against Sir Gilbert Gerard at the last Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the said Borough, but not against Mr. Mason.

Jos. Comyns said, That, at Night, after the Election was over Wm. Adams told him, He had seven Pounds, to vote for Mr. Mason; and desired him not to divulge it: He acknowleged Adam was in Drink: And that the said Adams came the Night after the Election, and denied it; and said. He had only a Promise of 40& of the late Earl of Macclcsfcild'sMoney.

That Wtn. Stockin, who was the contested Vote between Mr. Mason and Mr. Walcot, said, as he was going up tire Hall, 1 hat, which Way he gave his Vote, be was to have 51.

That the Petitioner's Counsel, in the next Place, proceeded to except to some Persons on Mr. Masons Poll, as receiving Charity: And called,

Richard Wollaston: Who said, That John Richards had received, for Four or Five Years last past, of Alderman Tanner's Charity; viz. 1 2 d. or 18 once a Year:

That Thomas Bright senior, Scrivener, his Wife had received of the same Charity:

That Samuel Richards, or his Wife, had received of the same Charity.

As to William Stoclin-, it was testified by the said Richard Wollaston, That the said Stockin was put dow n upon Three Polls: That Stockin, being called, and asked who he was for, answered twice. For Mr. Walcot and Mr. Bret: But the Bailiff, pretending he did not hear, asked him again; and then he gave his Vote for Mr. Bret and Mr. Mason, without going out of Court

That the next Thing the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded on, was, to add to their Poll: And they called,

Richard Wollaston, Robert Wollaston, Walter Coneing: Who said, That Samuel James had voted formerly for Sir William Brownlxnct: But it was acknowleged, that he lodged in the Town as a hired Servant, and was a Sort of a travelling Person.

Walter Coneing said, ThatThomas Waters was his Bedfellow; and he himself was a Housekeeper in Bishop's Castle.

That it was admitted by the Sitting Member's Counsel, That the said James and Waters did offer to poll for the Petitioner; but they denied that they had any Votes.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel first applied themselves to answer the Petitioner's Evidence: And they called,

Robert Mason, John Jones, and William Stockin: Who gave an Account, That Stockin did once, and but once, name Mr. Walcot's Name, by Mistake; and presently retracted, and gave his Vote for Mr. Bret and Mr. Mason: And Robert Mason said, That Samuel James was no Inhabitant; John Jones said, That the Bailiff did give his Vote for Mr. Bret and Mr. Mason.

Charles Bright said, That, after the Election was over, he discoursed with Robert Wollaston: Who said, He had no Business at London; and swore he had nothing to say against Mr. Mason, or any concerned for him.

Charles Jones and Robert Owen said, That, on the Thursday before the Election, they heard Edward,

one of the Petitioner's Witnesses, say, That if Mr. Mason was elected, Three or Four of them would come up and turn him out, right or wrong: And Robert Owen testified, That Wm.Minton, another of the Petitioner's Witnesses, said, That Mr. Mason should never sit in the House.

Charles Jones, Fran. Colbach, said. That they were at Morris Pugh's when Geo. Winton and Adam were there: And Colbach said, He was nearer to Mr. Mason than Minton: And they did not hear Mr. Mason' make any Promise to Adams, in Case he would vote for him: And Colbach and John Holmes said, That Adams had promised his Vote for Mr. Mason, before Mr. Mason came to Town: Jones said, That Adams told Mr. Mason, He had voted for him before, and would vote for him again.

John Holmes said, That David Adams has held his House Three Years at Lady-day of old Mr. Mason, paying 9/. a Year; and Adams paid 31, in Part of Rent, at Christmas last:

That Mr. Mt/son did not come down till the Day before the Election; and declared, He would not speak to any of the Mintons.

Josiah Hoggin said, That lie held Lands of old Mr. Mason; but that the Sitting Member had nothing to do with the Estate, unless his Father did please to give it him: And that all that voted for Mr. Mason, except Two Nortons, had promised to be for Mr. Mason, before ha came to Town.

Thomas Bright, Hugh Mason, and Fran. Colebach, Said, That Samuel James and Thomas Waters were not intitled to any Vote; for that he lived at Colebach, and not in Bishop's Castle.

John Jones and John James said, That Mr. Mason senior was very bad-sighted, and seldom w cut any where without Company: And that they were with the said Mr. Mason at Daniel Jones's, and Eduard Minton came in; whereupon Mr. Mason bid them observe what he said, for

they

i Ann.

3 ib Martiu

833

they would put Bribery on him: That Mr. Mason asked Eduard Minton to give his Son a Vote: And he said, He would consider of it: Whereupon Mr. said,

If he would not give his Son a Vote, he could say nothing to it: And that Minton asked Mr. Mason to.lett him a House: But Mr. Mason said he had none to lelt him for the present.

Then the next Thing Mr. Mason's Counsel proceeded to, was, to disqualify some of the Petitioners Voters.

The Counsel objected to Mr. Masons own Vote.

Fran.Colebach said, That Stephen Minton lived in a House built lor the Poor; and had received of Charity, particularly 4d. last June:

That Nath. Nicholas' and Thomas Bright's Wives had received each of them 4 d.or 3d. of the same Charity last June, and had Bread at a Funeral.

That the next Head was Bribery.

Samuel Lloyd said, That Mrs. Pugh, whose Husband voted for Mr. IFatcot and Mr. gave him Twenty

Shillings, to vote for Mr. H aled ,* and he had also Eight Strikes of Malt on the Election-day in the Morning: But the said Samuel Lloyd was excepted to, as receiving Charity; and, having voted on both Sides, not insisted on.

Charles Bright said, That die Night before the Election, the Petitioner told the said Bright, who voted for Mr. Mason and Mr. Bret, If he would vote for him, he would give him 5 /.: And he gave his Man Half a Crown to give him: and said, He would make it up 5/. next Morning: That the said Bright did acknowlege, lie did not make Mr. Walcotany Promise to vote for him, and did not vote for Mr. lValcot:But thef next Morning the said Bright offered the Petitioner the Half Crown; but the Petitioner bid him keep it, saying, He would make it up.

Hugh Mason said. There was 40 s. due to him from Mr. 11 alcot, for l)rink brewed at a former Election;

which he could not get, till Mr. Graves came to him, to desire his Vote at this Election; and then he insisted on the said 40,?. so owing to him: Mr. afterwards

brought, and desired him to accept of 30 in Part; and promised him the other 10 s.and thanked bim for his Acceptance thereof.

Hugh Mason voted for Mr. Mason and Mr. Brett.

That by way of Reply, the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Mr. Brent: Who said, He was a sworn Clerk, to take the Poll; and did not hear the Bailiff give his Vote.

Richard Wollaston suid, That, Two Days after the Election, he met Charles Bright junior; and he asked him, If Mr. 11 alcot or his Agents, had given him any Money for his Vote: And he denied it with Protestations.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Mason Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George 11 'alcot Esquire is not duly elected a Bur-

gess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Bishop's Castle.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree wirh the Committee in the said Resolution, That Charles Mason Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That George 11 alcot Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Nocs,^- PeZI'00'

§0 it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That Leave he given to m&ke a Motion for Oath of, the Second Reading the Bill to declare the Alterations in Abjuration, the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled,

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crow n in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders* and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Associatioato be determined.

And the Motion w as made accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Iris*Forfei* into Consideration the Petitions relating to the Irish For- ture* feitures; and the Trustees Reports thereupon.

And the Trusteesin Town attending, according to Order;

They w ere called in:

And the Petition of Helen Arthur Widow, and Relict of Robert Arthur, of Hacketstozcnc, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, deceased, in behalf of herself, and her Two Daughters Frances and Dymphna,

being next to be considered;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the Petitioner had entered her Claim before the Trustees; and that the same was allowed.

The Petition of Peter Fagan being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Peter Fagan;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Dermis Molony being read, and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Molony, in regard to the Judgment mentioned in his Petition, pretended to be assigned to him: And that Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Rebecca Viscountess of Falkland,

Relict and Executrix of Henry Lord Viscount Falkland, deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Lady Falkland;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

4 9*

42.

Tellers for the Noes f?|r‘

'£Mr. Jennens:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles and Mr. Hayes do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Major Walter Delamar being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew-.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pitt, That Leave be given to bring in, a Bill for the Relief for the said Major Delama*;

10 C It

Whitby Hai hour.

Powell's

Estate,

Earl of Exeter's Estate.

Mansell's

Estate.

Aslnirst's

Belief.

Bagnall's

Belief.

Palmer's

Estate.

834

31° Martii. — 1° Aprilis.

A. 1701.

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Edxoard Nugent being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Edward Nugent, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Sir Thomas Poxvys and Mr. Comyns do prepare, and bring, in the said Bill.

Resolved That this JHouse will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Trustees Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby in the North Riding, of the County of York, was committed, he taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Barrington, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Manky, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Tredenham, and Mr. Gape, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Powell Baronet, deceased, for railing Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his vVjte, Daughter of the paid Sir William Pmell; and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry....

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcuriij 1* die ApriUs; irt Annae Reginae.

Platers.

ABIL L for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands, of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, Funeral, and Legacies of foe said Earl, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed J Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edxoard Mansell Esquire to raise a further Sum of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriated Rectory of flanriddian, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second....

A Bill for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Nicholas Bagnall Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That it be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

The Lord Cheine reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Jeffery Palmer Esquire to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered\ That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Thorns Kcightlcy k?, Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland,"' w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of Thomas Keightley Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates io Ireland

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Danccnt, in d the County of York, navigable, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill (Jo pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the River Darwent, in tty County of York, navigable.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax do carry the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

L

Evil

-A Bill for the Relief of Francis Earl of Carlmgfori, foUfr i* and others* against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary in Ireland, was read the First time. c'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to go into the Lm Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Atel*

A Bill for the Relief of Robert Edgeworth Esquire, with F<Wi relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To* morrow' Sevennight, at Twelve a Clock.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Q House, That her Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, alUwicl at Four a Clock, at her Palace at St. James s.

h

k

fa-

The House being acquainted, That the Marshal the King's Bench Prison attended, according to Order; Prim

He w<as catted in; and presented to the House a Map of the said Prison, and Extent of the Rules thereof. |t*

And then he withdrew.

The Map is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Map be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet is committed.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and Warden of the Fleet Prison, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank Bark of of England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act in the Eighth and Ninth Years of his late Majesty, it is, among other Things, enacted, That the common, capital, and principal Stock, and also the real Fund, of the Petitioners, or any*Profit or Produce to be made thereof, or arising the reby; as also the particular Share, Part, and Interest, of any Member of the Bank in the said Stock or Fund, or the Profit or Produce to be made thereof, or arising the reby; should be, and was, exempted from any Taxes or Impositions whatsoever during the Continuance of the said Bank: That, in the Bill depending in the Honourable House, there is a Clause, or Clauses, to tax the Petitioners, contrary to the Exemption in the Act before-mentioned: And praying, That they may be

heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clause, or Clauses, so fer as concerns them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the English Company trading to the East East Mi Indies w as presented to die House, and read; setting forth,

That, by the Act, made in the Ninth Year of his laic Majesty's Reign, for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies; the said 2 Company

I Ann. i° — Aprilis. 835

Company is exempted from any Taxes or Impositions whatsoever: That tike Petitioners are informed. That, in a Bill depending in the House, there is a Clause, or Clauses, whereby the Petitioners are intended to be taxed, contrary to their said Exemption: And praying, They may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clause, or Clauses, so far ap concerns them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition to referred to the Committee of the whple House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

J Ordered\ That the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-

9m9p houses within the Town of Svdbwy., in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining t\ie Poor thereof, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ie*ao4 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ax* the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr, Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress/in the said Bill; end bad directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

eer8. ' Resolved\ That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

s Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee, to whom

0 the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other tltl0US Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich..... be made upon this Day Sevennight.

>utiea- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ur. whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding in the County of York, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

v for Ordet'cd, That the Bill for the more easy Recovery of ing Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels be read his> a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

littees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

?/i Ordered\ Thai Mr. Coke, Mr. Heysham, Sir Hen.

19 of Johnson, Mr. St. Lae, Mr. Cursont be added to the Com-: A1°* mittee appointed to examine Mr. Morgan Whitley with respect to his Accounts of the publick Monies, and his Vouchers for the same; and also in whose Hands the Money he stands charged with is.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 2° die Aprilis; if Anna; Reginas.

Prayers.

ry k BI b L for ereeting Hospitalsand Workhouses within Uou&ea. ZJL the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for tike better etikploying and maintaining the Poor therer of, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Vo*.. 13.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Susannah Filmcr, Widow, Relict, and Powell* Administratrix of the Goods and Chattels of Thomas Estate. Filmer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Intestate was Executor to Sir William Powell Baronet, who, by Will, invested him with all his Estate, on several Trusts, and for a Term not yet performed or determined: That Sir John Williams Baronet hath a Bill depending for divesting the Petitioner of the said Triist, and Term, without her Consent: That she conceives, and is advised, the Bill tends not only to hoi'

Wrong, but to the Destruction of the Intent of the said Will: And praying, Thai she may be heard, by her Counsel, what she hath to object against the same; or other Relief in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred tq the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That, Answer to their Address having been presented to her Majesty, Address. That she w ould please to issue forth her Royal Proclamation for the apprehending Thomas Colepeper Esquire,

Mr. Abraham Owen, Mr. John Collins, and Mr. Edward Owen, her Majesty hath been pleased to give Directions for the issuing forth her Royal Proclamation accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Iklsall for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsall, in Hospital, the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Catharine Leveson, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Sir John Leveson Goit er, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. White,

Mr. Colchester, Lord Coning, sby, Mr. St.John, Mr. Stone-house, Sir Will. Scazven, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Gouts ton, Mr. Brevet on, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Foley, Mr. Byerleyx Sir Char.

Bloys, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Manley, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Tredenham, Mr, Nicholson, Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr. Renda,

Sir Charles Barrington, Mr. Fagg, Sir John Wynne, Sir John Moleswoi'th, Mr. Shackerly; and all that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and O.von: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the

Speakers Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Bishop's That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of Casile Writ, the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Charles Mason Esquire, who has been adjudged not to be duly elected;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom Earl Clanric-the Bill for making Provision for the Protestant Children cards. &c. of the Earl of Clanriccard and the Lord Bophin was com- Provls\on# mitted, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for making good several Deficiencies, and Deficiencies, preserving the publick Credit: And the same was received. cnrgd^ubl,c

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Whitby into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Harbour, whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed.

And the same were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, Folio 2. L. 8. for a Farthing a Chaldron to be laid upon Coals, being read a Second time;

And

Earl of

Abingdon's

Estate.

Pawlett's

Estate.

Marston's

Charities.

Bareness of Upper Osso* ry's Relief.

Sale of Attingham Manor, &c. (Gower's Estate.)

Adams*

Estate.

Whitby

Harbour.

836 20- — 81 Aprilis. 1701

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

f Sir Christo. Hales, '[Mr. Roger Mostyn:

Tellers for the Noes fSir Wm‘ tellers tortile fvoes,^.

So it passed in the Negative.

1114-? 137*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mountague Earl of Abingdon in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lands of Henry 'Pawittt, a Lunatick, in order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and nearest Relations: To winch they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made, by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Confirming and Settling of divers Charities given by the last Will of Job Marston Gentleman, deceased. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, without Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Attingham, in the County of Salop; and settling a Farm, called Silly'hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of Temple Lawnic, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, in lieu thereof, without Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging the Estate late of William Adams Esquire, deceased, with Portions and Maintenance for William Adams and Elizabeth Adam, his younger Children, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded further in the Consideration of the said Report of the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Clause being offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, to exempt the Town of Yarmouth from the Duty laid by the Bill;

The same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeHersf.r.hcY" }

Tdlirsfor theNoe,^. } 8,

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for a Drawback for Coals exported;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday

Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then Caiq attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arras attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven- t night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench, and Warden of the Fleet, do attend the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevennight, Drjh resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, otai upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for Shares, in any Joint Stocks of Corpora tions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- OatW ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the farther Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 8* die Aprilis; l* Ann® Reginae.

lid's

prf'1

Df'

|tUL

Prayers.

QA RET John Nys took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for the Sale of certain Manors, and Lands, of y John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, eur'sEa hs Funeral, and Legacies, of the said Earl, was read a w Second time.

lflVI

JSs

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Lord Hydey Mr. Lampton, Sir Rowland Gwymt, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Mitjord, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Etterick, Mr. White, Sir Hen. Dutton Colty Mr. Officy Mr. Brewery Sir Philip Boteler, Sir John Williams, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Colchester, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Monck-ton, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Loraine, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Per shall, Mr. Cox, Sir Fran.Massm, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Bridges; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Northampton, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act SoffoB for the better Improvement of Suffolk Place, in the fapn* I; Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was mL read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act wiudhs to enable Rebecca Windham to sell and dispose of an Eiutc. Estate, late Sarah Verdons, in the County of Norfolk, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the MoW'i House a Bill for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gentleman; And the same was received.

Mr. Comyns, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Edward Nugent, of Donort, Reiki in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire: And the same was received.

A Petition

&c.

iter

uses.

i's

's

of

ce.

Mount-

lelief.

For-

es,

idesford's

ef.

.hurst'g

:lief.

i An NT. 8°

A Petition of Richard Earl of Clanriccard, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, relating to the Bill for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard and the Lord Bophin.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Charlotte Talbot was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Bill for the Relief of Susanna Smith Widow, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion have Leave to go into the Country, fora Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Foiieitures, was committed.

ford's, 6cc. Relief.

A Bill for the Relief of Francis Earl of Carlingford, Earl of and others, against several Outlawries, in the County of Carling-Tipp&'ary in Ireland, was read a Second time. w'r° c

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dow ager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Rochei with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Barbadoes whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges w as referred, be Government made upon Friday Morning next*

Mr. Napier, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses for employing the Poor of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorsctt: And the same was received.

A Bill for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Mary Vernon was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossoiy, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

And the Petition of Thomas Carter Gentleman, which lay on the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second time, being again read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for the Relief of William Lord Viscount Mount-joy was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Countess Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

A Bill to recompense Philip Savage Esquire for the Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees-for the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Countess Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth JVandesford, and her Daughter, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

} s*-

Tellers for *e N«s| . ] 53-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vox* 13.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, Debtors; was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for obliging the Jews to main- Jews Pro-tain and provide for their Protestant Children be read testantChil-To-morrow Morning. dren*

Mr. Dormer, according to Order, presented to the Holder's House a Bill to summon John Holder to surrender him- Escape from self: And the same was received; Fleet pn80IU

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the Viscountess House a Bill for inlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess Falkland's Falkland to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the Relief* forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation to a Mortgage upon the Estate of Patrick Sarsjeild Esquire, deceased:

And the same was received.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, EarlCIan-That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill riccard's, &c. for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Provision* Earl of Clanriccard and the Lord Bophin was committed, be now made, according to the Order of the Day;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for ,1* Yea]»*

Tdlm for the Nocs.gj

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Bruges accordingly reported, from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

' Tellers for lie :,) a8‘

Tellers for the Noes,|"j; } "*

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Petition of the Earl of Clanriccard be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded upon the said Amendments.

And the same being severally read a Second lime, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the Ho jse.

And the Blanks in the Bill, for the Sum to be paid for the said Estate, being left by the Committee, to be filled up by the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Blanks be filled up with Thirty thousand Pounds;

10 P Tha

Answer to Address.

Irish Forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Subsidies *nd Land lax.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Oath of Abjuration.

Committees.

Ryssen's

Nat.

I eave of Absence.

M

8° — 90 Aprilis.

A.iioi.

j 45-

60.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller for the Yeas,gJj;

TeHers.for the Noes|Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blanks be filled up with Five-and-twenty thousand Pounds.

And the Blanks were filled up accordingly.

And also thfe Blank in the Bill, for the Time to raise the Mone^ in, being left, by the Committee, to be filled up by the House;

The same was filled up by the House;

And other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, attended her Majesty upon Thursday last; and presented to her Majesty their Address of Thanks for her Majesty's most gracious Speech: And that her Majesty was pleased to answer to this Effect; viz.

Gentlemen,

IT is a great Satisfaction to me to find you are so well pleased with what 1 have s?dd. I shall be glad, upon all Occasions to let you see, I desire nothing so much as the Ease and Happiness of My People.

'Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, the First Business, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures, and the Trustees Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, few' the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and othes Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; was committed; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to declare the Alterations in the Gath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Aprilis;

i° Ann© Regin©.

Praters.

IR Joseph Tredenham, according to Ordei\ presented JRyssen: And the same was received

A Bill for the erecting Hospitals and Workhouses jJI 4 within the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of |ua« Dysert, Sir Gervas Elwcs, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lampton, I *bi£l Mr. Johnson, Mr. Styles, Sir Hen. Dutt. Colt, Mr. White,

Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Richards, Sir Will. Ashurst, Sir I j<*

Edw. Hasle, Mr. Fagg, Sir Fran. Blaake, Sir Char. Ho- I tham, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Fletcher, lb"L Mr. Manley, Sir Fran.Massam, Mr. Gouhton, Sir Char.

Bloys, Sir John Molesxrorth, Mr. Chace, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Blaake, Sir Alex. Rigby, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Offlcy, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Kirby; and all that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in t Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pa^I for the Sale of the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Park- W| bury, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford; and for applying the Monies, arising l»y the Sale thereof, to the Uses hereby directed; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act M* for vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Counties of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Lands or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Etterick,

Mr. Lampton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Rob. Bertie, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Johnson, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Jacob, Ur. St. Loe, Sir Edw. Norreys, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Morley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Styles, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Comyns, Sir Hen. hji-dall, Sir Char. Bloys, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Harcourt,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Serjeant Whitaker, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Clerke, Mr. White, Mr. Mitford, Mr. Stock-dale; and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed, Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands, in the Counties of Surrey and but. Sussex, the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages, and other Debts, charged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson; and settling his Estate upon his said Wife, and her Children by him, clear of Incumbrances; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

to the House a Bill for naturalizing Daniel Van

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act WwWi for settling the Estate of John and Robert Windm Cerr b^* tlemen, deceased, upon Trustees, to be sold; and the Purchase-money applied to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Carr, be added Temp* to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the buie. Lords, intituled, An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act hs\ of for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mountague Earl of Abingdon, in Trustees, to be sold; and pur- " chasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses as the Laudg to be sold are limited; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

7 Ordered,

Ann.

90 — io9

839

y

ur.

of

stant

reu.

worth's

f.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel Stringer have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Robert Edgeworth Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was, according to Order, read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

sters

toys

ying

visions.

on with tland.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas*!"/fe'rZf} '«

Telle* for the Noes} 66.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnson be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London, is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bin for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same. j

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

ith of rjuratioa.

Veneris, 10* die Aprilis;

l* Ann© Reginfe.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pawlet's for vesting the Lands of Henry Pawlet, a Lunatick, Estate, in order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and next Relations, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barnwell's for the enabling Abraham Barnwell to make a more ample Estate. Settlement of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Family; and to charge Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children, in his Life-time; and for Payment of his Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Reports of the Bills, relating to the irish For-Irish Forfeitures, which have been committed, and which feituies. the Committee have gone through, be taken Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Geffery Palmer Esquire Palmer's to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife, was read the Estate. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Geffery Palmer Esquire to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth his Wife.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrqssed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mansell's to enable Edward Mansell Esquire to raise a further Sum Estate, of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriated Rectory of Llanriddian, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mansell,

Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Carr, Sir John Poole, Sir John Williams, Sir John Bodes, Sir JVm. Drake,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Shackcrley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Smith,

Mr Banks, Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Hayes, Sir Fran. Blake,

Mr. Carter, Mr. Chivers, Mr. Philips, Sir Char. Barrington, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Burnaby; and all that serve for Wales: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to Windsor __ , whom the Bill for enabling the Dean and Canons of the Deanery

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Queen's free Chapel of St. George, within her Castle of Estote*

4-lir> n M Alien 1 rv/\n fnn Will fn nnnln«A L »

rivateeri.

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 13.

Windsor, to take from her Majesty, in Exchange for divers Parcels of Land belonging to them, other Lands or Rents, of like Value, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Air. Wicks have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Balch have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to Hunt's whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act to enable the Trustees of James Hunt Esquire, deceased, to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was committed, That they had examined the

Allegations

►Stone*

Estate.

Bishop of

Gloucester's

Estate.

Oath of Abjuration.

U uion with Scotland.

840

10

Aprilis.

A. 1702,

Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Bcrtye reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone, of Baldzvyn- Bright well, in the County of Own, Esquire, in his Family and Name, w as committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, with several Amendments made thereunto by the said Committee; which Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ojffley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his Successors, to make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, and Premises therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of 1Vales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined; was committed; the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wrere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and all of them, except Clause A. upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A. being read a Second time, That such Members of either House of Parliament, who had taken the Oath according to the Form agreed upon in each House, should not be required again, in respect of their being Members of either House, to take the said Oath during the Continuance of that Parliament;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Member of either House of Parliament, who had taken the Oath according to the Form agreed upon in each House, be obliged to take the Oath again during the Continuance of that Parliament, in respect of their being Members of either House, or in respect of any Commission or Place held or enjoyed at the Time of taking the said Oath;

The same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to

I*

tty

Htb

Vise*

Ttfti

1*

whom the Bill for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union betwixt the Kingdoms of England md Scotland, was committed, the Amendment?, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Mitiii Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enlarging and encouraging the Greenland CmU Trade was read a Second time. Trad?.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Sir Tho. Cook, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Heysham, Sir Ha.

Dutton Colt. Mr. Herne, Mr. Parker, Mr. Barred Sir William Ashurst, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Rich. Cocks,

Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Clerke,

Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. Pace, Mr. Herne, Mr. Johnson, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Matth. Jcnison, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Ogle,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Heaihcole, Mr. Brewer, Mr. fc

Ward; and all that are Merchants; and that serve for M Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply^; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, ' for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Salt Dutiti ing next, jesolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Dutyw Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the^0^, whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon oc buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

Ordered, That the Report from die Committee, to Barbai* whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire was-re*GoTCrD[Wl ferred, be made upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That Sir Reger Mostyn, Sir John Lccmn Bamnesso;' Gower, Colonel Granville, Mr. St. John, and Mr. JVr Bridges, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine a Clock.

,i Ants,,. n° Ap841

Sabbatic 11° die Aprilis;

l* Ann® Regin®.

Prayers.

MAJOR Henry Foulert, Samuel Ravenell, Letce Doudart IVevigar, Lewis de la Faye, Lewis Pasquc-rieau, John Espinaste de Fonvce, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

y s A Bill for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gentleman, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

it's A Bill for the Relief of Edward Nugent, of Donor e, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

mtess A Bill for inlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess ind's Falkland to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland' with relation to a Mortgage upon the Estate of Patrick Sarsfield Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

tt's A Bill for the Relief of Charlotte Talbott, was read a Second time.

"Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

1*3 A Bill for the Relief of Susannah Smith Widow', with

f- relation to the Irish Forfeitures, w as read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr, Nicholas be added to the said Committee.

liin's A Bill for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to d- the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, was committed.

Chester Ordered, That the Bill for erecting Hospitals and

khouses. Work-houses for employing the Poor of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, be read upon Monday Morning next.

ply Bill; Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in,

: Duties a Clause, to be presented to the Committee of the whole Land House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, to exempt the Money given this Session for the Land Forces from paying Fees at the Exchequer.

Ivent Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee, to

jtors. whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

tterell's Mr. Manley reported from the Committee to whom ief. the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Lutterell, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be engrossed.

Vq^.13*

Ordered, That the Residue of the Reports of the Bills Irish Forfe^ relating to the Irish Forfeitures be made upon Monday tures-Morning next,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the ... . intituled, An Act Bridges i* to explain and alter the Act, made in the Tw enty-second Highways, Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning the repairing and amending the Bridges upon the Highways; and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty*third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the re-edifying Cardiffe Bridge, in the County of Glamorgan; and also for changing the Day of Election of the Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge, without Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Ap- Appreese'fc preese the elder, and Robert Appreese the younger, Estate Esquires, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to her Majesty, and other Debts, without Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Matthews* for vesting the Estate of fVilliavi Matthews Gentleman, Estate and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Irish Fox-into Consideration the Petitions relating to the Irish for- future* feited Estates; and the Trustees Report thereupon.

And the Trustees in Town attending, according to Order;

They were called in:

And the Petition of Sir Robert King Baronet, and William Cawfeild Esquire, being read; and also the Petition of Arthur and John St. Leger Esquires;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the Petitioners had entered their Claims, according to the Desire of their Petitions, by Virtue of the Act of the last Parliament.

The Petition of Casar Bradshaw Esquire, Son and Administrator of Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Knight, deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto,

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Bradshaw, by giving him longer Time to prosecute his Claim entered before the Trustees:

And that Mr. Bridges and Mr. Renda, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Nicholas Darby being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the PetL tioner had entered his Claim before the Trustees.

The Petition of Ridgly Nugent being read j and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Nugent.

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Captain Edmund Keating being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Keating be relieved, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer do take care therein.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Ellis Esquire being read j and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew

IQ E Ordered,

Committees.

Damasking

Stuffs.

?42!

11

13° Ap fills.

A. 1701,

/ Ordered, Thai LcavO foe giveri to bring in a fiitl for the ileltef of the sard Mr. Ellis, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Sir Roger Mostyn and Sir Charles Hedges do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Sir Robert Bcdingfeild being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The'Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir Robert Bedingfeild;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Trant, eldest Son and Heir of the late Sir Patrick 2 rant, deceased, on the behalf of himself, and of his Mother, Brothers, and Sisters, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees w ere heard thereunto.

And then ihfey withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Prdvision for the Family of the said John Trant, upon his paying a certain Sum out of the Estate to the Publick; And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Tre-denheon do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, That they do make Provision, in the Bill, for the Settlement of the Protestants at Portarlingtm.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Sir Stephen Fox being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir Stephen Fox, by allowing him further Time to make his Claim: And that Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called . .;

And the Petition of Captain Richard Wolscley, Captain Charles Meredyth, Captain St. John JVeb, and Morgan Bernard Gentleman, on the behalf of themselves, and others, Tenants to Part of the Estate of the late King James the Second, in Ireland, commonly called the private Estate, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees w ere heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew7.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Captain JVotseley, and other Protestant Lessees of the private Estate in Ireland, by making Provision for 'paying back all the Monies by them paid for Fines, and the Expences they have been at in Improvements: And that Mr. Paget do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at the First Sitting of the House, proceed in the further Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Trustees Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Biddulph, and Mr. Shack-erley, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, Strike-ing, and fixing, Colours on all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; is committed.'

And then the House adjourned till Moiiday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lance, 13° die Aprilis;

1* Ann® Reginae.

Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Daniel Van Ryssen, was read the First time. k

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas St. Leger de Bacolon, Joseph k Launey, Alexander de Raquel de Fourneaux, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Topham, Mr. Rouney, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Napier, Mr. Bertye, the Lord Cheine, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir 'Gem Elms, Mr. Morgan, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Crow, Mr. Manley Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Lascells, Mr. Volts f Sir JVUL Ashurst, Sir Jeff. Jeff ryes, Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Gaynn, Sir Rowland Gupu, Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Scobell, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Masters, Mr. Moncton, Mi*. Pitfeild, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Here, Mr. King, Mr Colchester, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Moor: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Jjon'j

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to id the Bill for the Relief of Nicholas Bagnall Esquire, with Ikk relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom Baiy, the Bill to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Eaan Estate of Humphrey Bury, for paying off a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-, grossed.

Mr. Coke reported from the Committee, to w hom the Earl of Bill for the Relief of Francis Earl of Carlingford, and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary, in Ireland, wras committed, Timt they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w*ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Rotoland Gwynn reported from the Committee, to AsWi whom the Bill for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, Timt the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered That it be an‘Instruction to the1 Committee SoppHi!; of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Sub*d 7 her

Gog

13 ° Jprilis. 843

1 Ann.

her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That such Regiments as are in the West Indies, and are paid out of Ireland, may have their Cloathing from thence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for enlarging the Time for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Sir Rowland Gzvynn reported from the Committee, to »y's whom the Bill for the Relief of William Lord Viscount Mount joy was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

mbs Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

whom the Bill's for the Relief of Robert Edgeworth Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures; and of Elizabeth Wandesford, and her Daughter; were committed; be made Tomorrow Morning,

nt Sir Henry Dutton Colt, according to Order, reported from the "Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards.delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

of An ingrossed Bill to declare the Alterations in the ^ath ation. appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all oilier Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined; was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That

And the same was once read;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment being proposed to be made;

Press . L. to insert these Words, " and all these Things;"

The same wras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to declare the Alterations in the' Oath appointed to betaken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association ito be determined.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

ilege — A Petition of Edward Owen, in the Custody of the u's Serjeant at Arms, was presented to the House, and read; tioa. getting forth, That # *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their> Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the , Dean <and Canons of Vol. 13,

the Queen's free Chapel of St. George, within her Castle Windsor of Windsor, to take ffom her Majesty, in Exchange for Deanery divers Parcels of Land belonging to them, other Lands Estate* or Rents of like Value, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming a Purchase made by her Majesty, and an Exchange between her Majesty, and the Dean and Canons of the King's free Chapel within the Castle of Windsor.

Ordered, That Mr. Taplwm do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for making ..... the Deficiencies, and pre- Supply JMJ; serving the public Credit, was read the First time. Deficiencies

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning uext.

Ordered, That the ingrossed pill for enabling her Ala- Union witii jesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union be- Scotland, tween the Kingdom of England and Scotland be read the Third time upon Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rebuilding, and Whitby keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port Harbour, of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of Yorlf, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next

The House, according tp Order, resolved ifcelfinjfo £ Supply Bill* Committee of the whole Hou§e, to consider further of the Subsidies Bill for granting to her Majesty dfvers Subsidies, and p. and Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, ax*

Mr. Speaker lqft the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair ,of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through-the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which ,they had directed him tQ report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report he made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard IfolforJ and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act KeightUy* for Relief of Thomas Keightly Esquire, with relation to Relief, the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments.

Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cook s En-settling Sir Thomas Cook's Charity of Ten thousand dowment of Pounds for the Erecting and Endowing of Worcester Worcester College in Oxford: To which they desire the Cpncur- olieSe-renqe of this House: And also,

A Bill for naturalizing Stephen Benovad, John, Girrfird,', Benovad s, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this &c, Nat. House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House-wall, upon Friday Morning Salt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon the Bill for regulating foe Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Lampton. and Sir Lion. Vane, be Damasking added to the Committee, to-.whom foe Rill for the Encou- Stuffs, ragement of an Invention of dama$kipg, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stufis and Clotfi; and raising and embossing.Flowers of varioqs Colours on the same; is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Lyddall, and Mr. Clarke, be Baroness of added to the Committee, to w liom the Bill for the Relief Upper of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossoi'y, and Ossorys, &c* Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfei- Re le tures, w as committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,'Nine a Clock,

Dorchester

Workhouses.

Stone's

Estate.

Edgeworth's

Relief.

Wandesford's

Relief

Bellow's

Relief.

Singleton's

Relief.

MacdonnelTs

Relief.

Privilege —

Owen's

Petition.

844

140 — 150

A. 170 2.

Martis, 14° die Aprilis;

1° Ann® Reginae.

Prayers.

ABILL for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses for employing the Poor of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorsett, was read the First time. Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone, of Baldzvin Brightwell, in the County of Oxon, Esquire, in his Family and Name, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone, of Baldwin Brightwell, in the County of Oxon, Esquire, in his Family and Name.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Rowland Gwynn, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Robert Edgeworth Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir Rowland Gwynn also reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth JVandesford, and her Daughter, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in.at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellew, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellew, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

as a Witness concerning the same is at Coventry and cannot be here in that time;

Ordered, That it be a Direction to the said Committee,

That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to j whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt was committed, be taken into Consideration To-morruw Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms uf England and Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Lp^J whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich', was committed; be made upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a pJ Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scobell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scobell reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer, and Sir Hen. Pickering, be m added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Ilynde, late of London, Goldsmith, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Pai

Sui

Fj'T

U

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, wras read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Hannah Macdonncll, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdonncll, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges no carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections had Yesterday appointed the hearing the Matter upon the Petition of Edward Owen, in Custody of the Serjeants at Arms, Tomorrow; when,

Mercurii, 159 die Aprilis;

lQ Annas Reginas.

Prayers.

JT\ANIEL Van Ryssen took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rebecca Windham to sell and dispose of an Estate, late Sarah Verdons, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Colchester, Mr. Yates, Sir John Philips, Sir Jos. Tredenhim, Mr. Price, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Napier, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir John Williams, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Fogg, Sir John Bland, Mr. Thynn, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Bridges, ML Harley, Mr. Foley, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. str-vois, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Rice, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Bote-ler, Mr. Price, Sir Jericas Elves, Mr. Mansell, Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Blake, Mr. Williams, Mr. Preiser, Mr. Carter} §ir Arthur Owen; and all- the

Member

asking

8

:c.

iowe s te.

vent

igation.

drawer's

le.

er-mea-of Fruit.

enland

ie.

ply Bill;

icieneies

publick

dit.

i Ann. i 50 Apri 845

Members that serve for the County of Norfolk, and for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stuff and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; was committed; be made upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphrey Bury, for paying off a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphrey Bury, for paying oft' a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John and Robert Windmve Gentlemen, deceased, upon Trustees, to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke, Sir Char. Hedges, Mr. St. John, Sir Char. Blois, Mr. Hayes, Sir lien. Dutton Colt, Colonel Bierly, Mr. Bruges, Mr. Rmeney, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Davail, Mr. Bromley, Sir William Drake, Sir Altx. Rigby, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Scobell, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Harley, Sir Tho. Travail; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Dai'u ent, in the County of Yoi^k, navigable, w ithout any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending the Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver, and Silk; and for the better Making of Gold and Silver Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wiredrawers; with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Act to ascertain the Water-measure of Fruit, with an Amendment; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Davail reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same. once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making good the Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wdiole House, upon the said Bill.

VOL 13.'

A Petition of several Clothiers, Inhabitants of the Woollen County of Wilts. ..setting forth. That the Woollen Manufacture. Manufacturers of the Kingdom have laboured under great Difficulties, by reason of the heavy Duties which are laid on the Materials used in the Manufacturing thereof; by reason of which the Woollen Manufacturers in foreign Parts have very much the Advantage of the Petitioners:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, by putting them into a Capacity to supply foreign Markets as cheap as their Neighbours.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred Xo the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of several Clothiers, Inhabitants of Dursley, Dittfc Wootton Underedge, and Kingmood, in the County of Gloucester, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Woollen Manufacturers of the Kingdom have laboured under many Difficulties, by Reason of the heavy Duties which are laid on the Materials used in the Manufacturing thereof: That the Woollen Manufacturers for foreign Parts have very much the Advantage of the Petitioners: And praying, They may be put into a Capacity to supply foreign Markets as cheap as their Neighbours.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for explaining the Act which restrains the declaring any Accounts, until the whole Account of Interest is examined.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for continuing the Power to the Commissioners of the Treasury to compound Debts due to the Crown upon Account of the Excise and Customs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to en- . able the Paymaster General of the Forces to apply the Sum of Five thousand and Seventeen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Peny, remaining in his Hands, towards the further Discharge of the Off-reckonings.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the compounding the Debt of the late Receiver of the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the effectual Payment of such Soldiers as have not received the full Subsistence during the late WTar.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of Supply Bill; the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and Land^x*^ a Land-tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, to offer Lan ax* a Clause for the amending the Misnomers of the Commissioners Names in the Act for the last Year's Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt Debtors, w as committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Conyers reported, from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to w'hom the Bill for granting to her Majesty di- Subsidies and vers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein Lan ax* mentioned, w as committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rebuilding, and Whitby keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port Harbour, of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, be read the Third time upon Friday next.

10 F Resolved,

150 — 16° Aprilis.

A. 1703.

Duty on Sale Resolved, That- this House will, upon Monday Morn-

of Joint ing. next, resolve itself intb a Committee of the whole StockShares. House> upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 16* die Aprilis;

> i* Annas Regihae.

Prayers.

Ellis' Relief. 0 IR Roger Moslyn, according to Order, presented to O the House a Bill for the Relief of John Ellis Esquire, With relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Wolseley's

Relief.

Bradshaws

Relief.

Vernon's

Relief.

Ditto.

Smith's

Relief.

Talbott's

Relief.

Mr. Roberts, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Captain Wolseky, and other Protestant Lessees of the private Estate in Ireland: And the same was received.

Mr. Bridges, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Relief of Coesar Bradshaw Esquire, by giving him longer Time to prosecute his Claim, entered before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Mary Vernon was com-ihitted, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt also reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Carter Gentleman, which was referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in4 at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Petition is groundless.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Petition is groundless.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Susannah Smith, Widow, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

o

The Lord Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Charlotte Talbott was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place*; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Trcdenham reported from the Committee, to whom Lsv&, the Bill for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to & the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed; to the end the Clauses, to be added to it, may be made conformable to the Directions given by the House.

Ordered, That such of the Bills relating to the forfeited IrAF* Estates in Ireland\ which were presented to the House this Day, as are proper to have the Clauses, directed by the House, added to them, be withdrawn; to the end such Clauses may be added accordingly.

A Bill for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gentleman was jjoW, read a Second time. K

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Edward Nugent of Dome, in Nugeati the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for enlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess Visem \ Falkland to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation to a Mortgage Rcll(1, upon the Estates of Patrick Sarsfield Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright and Sir John Bolles be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the further Con- SupplyM: sideration of the Report of the Bill for granting to her Subsided Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Pur- LaBdT4S* poses therein mentioned, to offer a Clause for the ascertaining the Price of such Saltpetre as shall be delivered for the Use of her Majesty's Stores, and the Proportion of the Refraction thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Barbados whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire, was re- ^overnmui. ferred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the further Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited tenure*. Estates in Ireland; and the Trustees Reports thereupon.

And the Trustees in Town attending, according to Order;

They wrere called in:

And the Petition of William Butler, for and on behalf of Sir Redmond Everard, an Infant of about Twelve Years of Age, and Son and Heir of Sir John Everard, late deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir Redmond Everard, by restoring his Estate, upon paying a certain Sum: And that the Lord Coningsby and Mr. Price do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

1 Anl

i Ann.

847

And the Petition of Francis Spring, in behalf of himself, and other the English Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Spring, and other English Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, by satisfying them for their real Improvements: And that Mr. Moor and Mr. Gwynn do prepare, and bring in, the said

Hill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Catharine Hair is, alias Rife, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Catharine Harris, alias Rife, upon her Petition: And that Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Sir William Court-nay Baronet being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That he had made his Claim before the Trustees, according to the Prayer of his Petition, in pursuance of the Act of the last Parliament.

The Petition of Alexander Stewart, Deputy Lieutenant of the Ordnance in Ireland, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew'.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Alexander Stewart, upon his Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi

Mr. Loraine:

Tellers for the Noes,{

1

25.

43-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Anne Hardpany Widow, in the behalf of Richard Connell, an Orphan, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Anne Hardpany, on the behalf of the said Richard Connell, upon her Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Sir John Dillon Knight being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew'.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir John Dillon, upon his Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TcU-for, heYe,5>g"^' '

Tellers for the Noes, :}

The Votes being equal, Mr. Speaker declared for the Noes.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of William Nottingham, late of Bal-lioxcne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Vol. 13.

3i.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Irish For-the said William Nottingham, upon his Petition; feitures.

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Laurence Nihill being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon:

The Trustees w ere heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew

And a Motion being made, anid the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Laurence Nihill, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Martin Elloiy being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Martin Ellory, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Tiie Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Thomas Lord Bishop of Rillaloe, in behalf of himself, and the rest of the Clergy in Ireland, intitled to Rents and Chiefries out of the forfeited Estates, being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the Petitioners had made their Claim before the Trustees, according to the Prayer of their Petition, in pursuance of the Act of the last Parliament

The Petition of William Lord Bishop of Rildare being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Lord Bishop of Rildare, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Finglass, Doctor in Divinity, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew'.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Doctor Finglass, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Leigh Esquire being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said John Leigh, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of William Trench Esquire, in behalf of the Discoverers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Trench, and other Discoverers of the said forfeited Estates, upon their Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Trustees Reports thereupon; And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Raising ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of- the whole the Militia. House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Month s Pay, formerly advanced, be not be repaid.

Unwhole-«ome Brandies.

Suffolk Place Improvement.

Earl of

Abingdon's

Estate.

Jews Protestant Children.

Ditto.

848 170 Aprilis. A. 1702.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris9 17° die Aprilis;

1* Annae Regina.

Prayers.

7l/fA TTHEIV Bertin, John Martin Conureu, Peter 1 Gremitr, Peter Fabrott, Abel Langelier, John Cazalet, John Beaujills, John Bosanquet, Nicolas Marcett, Francis Faare, John tVm. Nichoff\ Peter Backs, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Making of unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was committed; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Improvement of Suffolk Place, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vernon, Mr! Yates, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Tdney, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Tredenham, the Earl of Dysert, Mr. Harley, Sir John Williams, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Renda, Mr. Moor, Mr. Swift, Mr. Wilde, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Brewer, Sir Walter Vong, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Johnson', and all that serve for the Counties of Surry and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mountague Earl of Abingdon, in Trustees, to be sold; and purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Renda, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Bertie, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Bulldy, Mr. Parker, Sir Waiter Voting, Mr. Gape, Mr. Jefferycs, Mr. Coke, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Leveson Gower, Mr/ Brewer, Sir Christopher Hales, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Jenings, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Herbert; and all that serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for obliging the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children w?as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Will. Ashurst, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Bromley, the Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen. Dutt. Colt, Mr. Renda, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Conyers, the Earl of Dysert, Mr. Bridges, the Earl of Rantlagh, Mr. Moor, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Cart-zvrighf, AI v.Gulston, Sir WilterYoung, Sir A owland Gwynn, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Coke, Sir William Scawen, Mr. Pelham, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Sam. Barmrdiston, Mr. Ileathcott, Mr. Barker, Sir Will. St. Quint in, Mr. Masters, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Stockdale, Sir. John Bolles, Mr. Manley, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Burton, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Yates, Mr. Harley, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. King, Sir Roger Mostyn; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Jews, Merchants in London, on behalf of themselves and others of the Jewish Nation resident here in England, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That, in a Bill depending in the House against Jacob Mendez de Breta, a Jew Merchant, inhabiting in London, are several Clauses that relate to the Petitioners; which, they conceive, are very prejudicial to them; and against which, they humbly conceive, they have several just Objections: And praying, They may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses, and so much of the Bill as concerns them, and does not concern the said Jacob Mendez de Breta in particular.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard, by the Counsel, thereupon, if they shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine concerning any reflecting W Words spoken by one Air. Dccasscres, in relation to the W said Bill; and report the same to the House.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Richard Iiolfoii and AJr. Pitt:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Purchase made by her Majesty, and an Dckj Exchange between her Majesty and the Dean and Canons * of the King's free Chapel within the Castle of Windsor, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to H^\ enable Jeffery Palmer Esquire to settle a Jointure upon kfe. Elizabeth his Wife; without Amendments.

And then tiiey withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Om continuing the Act made in the Tenth Year of his Iate*c ls> Majesty s Reign, for the continuing the Imprisonment of "

Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Majesty: And that Mr. Se- . cretary Vernon and Air. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to t i whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, reported from DamaJ the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement fafc of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stuffs and Cloth; and raking and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; was committed; to w'hom several Petitions were referred, with Direction, That they should make a special Report thereupon, before they proceeded upon the Bill; Rat they had considered the several Petitions to them referred, accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to them, to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read-; and is as followed; viz.

i. Upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Cudden Knight, and many others concerned in beautifying Stuffs with hot Rolls:

Air. Nic. Clark allegeth, That the Petitioners have used the Trade of Printing, Damasking, Striking, Flowering, of Stuffs and Cloths, for above Forty Years: and that there was a Patent granted the 36 Car. 2 di, for doing the same; and that the Petitioners have worked 3,000 Cloths a Year, after the same manner, but not in Colours.

Air. Pocklington alleged the same as Air. Clerk; and did insist, the Word Embossing was not in the Patent mentioned in the Bill.

It

I ANN;

17° Aprilis.

u was allowed by the Parties prosecuting the Bill, That the Word Embossing was not in their Patent; and that their Patent was of a contrary Nature to that of the Petitioners, dated 36° Car. 2cli, by reason the Words of their Patent was for damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into Leather, all Sorts of Stuffs, Cloths, Velvets, and Hair, on both Sides.

Mr. Hen. Burnaby allegeth, That the Printing and Damasking of Stuffs is no new Invention; and that he hath known it practised for about Twenty-six Years; and that he hath done it himself, but not in Colours.

Mr. Tendall likewise said, That he has known Printing apd Damasking to have been an Art used Time out of mind; but did never see any so embossed, and mixed in Colours; and did own to one Mr. Hancock, That the said Invention was ne\v, and ought to be encouraged; but did further object, That the said Art was in too few Hands.

2. And that, upon the Petition of the Woollen-drapers of London and Westminster;

That there did only appear, on the behalf of the Woollen-drapers, one Mr. Molinmx: Who allowed the Intention of the Bill to be good; but objected against the Patentees buying and selling Cloths: And praying, they might have a Clause to prevent the same; as likewise a Clause, That no unreasonable Prices might be imposed upon doing the same; and that the same might be done cheap:

That the Parties concerned in the Bill did agree, That whatever Cloths Mr. Molineux, or other Drapers, or any other Persons, should bring unto them, they would do them as cheap, and reasonable, as can be desired; and are willing to admit of any Clause for that Purpose.

3. And that, upon the Petition of Thomas Plomer, and others, Traders in Wool about the City of London, and Westminster;

That there did only appear, on the Petitioner s behalf, one Mr. Smith: Who said, He did not come to oppose the Bill in general; but did allow the Invention to be a good Invention; but said, If the said Invention was to be managed by so small a Number of Persons, it might be very prejudicial to them: That he likewise produced a Piece of flowered Shag, which was done by the Press; which, he alleged, had *been used and practised by the Weavers for many Years; which employed many Thousands of People; as likewise many other things of the same Nature: And prayed, That they might have a Saving as to what related to their Trade: And also produced a prior Patent for preparing Crapes, and all Sorts of Stuffs and Silks in Flowers, Ramages, and Figures, before they be dyed, which appears after the Dyeing of them by the Dyers.

The Persons concerned in the Bill did agree, that the Weavers might have a Clause for the saving such Right as they have in the Premises.

4. And that, upon the Petition of Robert Parker, and others;

Robert Parker junior said, He was the first Inventor of Embossing; and that his Father and he taught Mr. Watts, One of the Patentees; and produced a wooden Print, or Pattern: And further said, That he and his Father were the Persons that brought the raised Work to Perfection; but said. This was not above Four Years since.

Mr. Walton said, That he made the said Wooden Prints, or Patterns, about Four Years ago, for the said Mr. Parker, senior and junior.

Mr. Mathews, being examined by the Petitioner's Counsel, did declare, He was not interested in the said Patent; but was the first Inventor of the Embossing Trade; and that the said Parker, the Petitioner, was his Servant; but was not capable of doing his Business; for which Reason he turned him out of his Service. He also produced a Waistcoat of flowered Cloth, in Colours; which was the first Works, and was the Occasion of procuring his Patent; which he has long since parted with, and his Interest in; and the said Patent bears Date in or about the 14th of December, in the Seventh Year of his Vol. 13.

late Majesty's ..... which was long before the said Damasking Parker could pretend to any thing. Stuffs.

Mr. Watts said, That the said Parke)' senior used to keep Company with a Brother of his, who worked for the Patentees; and that the said Parker w'as to give his said Brother 3/. to learn him his Art; Thirty Shillings whereof was in Hand paid, and the other Thirty Shillings is still due; and that he himself did use the Art a Twelvemonth before ever Parker pretended to it: And further said, That Parkers Wife promised him, That, if he would not contradict her Husband, before the Committee, in what lie should say, it should be the better for him.

Mr. Hancock, Clerk of the Cloth to the New East India Company, said, about Three Years ago, a Piece of embossed Cloth, done by the Patentees, was sent to India; which was very well approved of there; and that there has been, since, several Patterns sent for from thence:

And further said, That he hath likewise sent Cloth to the said Parker, the Petitioner, to be wrought, who hath spoiled him several Pieces thereof; but whatever Pieces he hath sent to the Patentees hath always been veil done, and well approved of; and at about 6d. per Yard more than the common Dye.

Mr. Blanch was produced as Evidence for the said Mr. Parker: Who alleged, That he has done something of the same Nature, above 30 Years ago, both at Gloucester, and other Places; but allowed, he could not strike it as the Patentees do; and has left off his Trade for above Seven Years.

5. And that, upon the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the Levant Seas;

The Governor of the Company, being examined to their Petition, said, That the Invention is new, and ought to be encouraged; but all that he does object against, and insist upon, is, That it may not be engrossed in a few Peoples Hands; which will be a Hindrance to the Improvement of the same.

6. And that, upon the Petition of the Leather Guilders;

The Patentees have agreed, That the Word Leather

should be struck out of their Bill; and that they should have any Clause whatever, to save their Right.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to proceed upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Charles Paris Gentleman, late of Nor- Windham's. folk, was presented to the House, and read; setting Estate, forth, That the finding, in the Votes, an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rebecca Windham to sell and dispose of an Estate late Sarah Ver* don's, in the County of Norfolk; the Passing of wrhich Bill will inevitably ruin the Petitioner and Family, who have a just Claim to the said Estate: That he, several Terms since, exhibited his Bill of Complaint against the said Sarah Verdon, in the High Court of Chancery, for the same; but she never appeared, hath stood in Contempt of the Court, and is returned, Non est invent a:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Merchants in and about the City Italian of London, trading to the Kingdom of Naples, and Island j^wn of Sicily, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Reign of their late Majesty's King William and Queen Mary, all Thrown Silk, of the Growth of the said Kingdom and island, is prohibited to be brought into this Kingdom, but in English Ships, directly from the Kingdom of Naples and Island of Sicily: That they, through the Apprehensions of a War, and Security of their Estates abroad, have made Returns thereof in the said Silk, of the Growth of Naples and Sicily, to the Port of Leg home in Italy; from whence the same cannot be imported into this Kingdom, by reason of the said Act: And praying the House to give Leave for a Clause to be added to some Bill depending, for 10 G permitting

Whitby

Harbour.

Supply Bill Subsidies and Land Tax.

permitting them to import their said Thrown Silk into this Kingdom, notwithstanding the said AO:.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Sir Thomas Coolc, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr. St. John, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Char. Blogs, Mr. Lee, Mr. For, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Moun-tague, Mr. Cholmly, Mr. Mitferd, Mr. Curson, Sir Rozv-iand Gwynn, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Morgan, Sir Jo. Mordant, Sir Will. Ashurst, Mr. Gould, Mr. Foley, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Tho. Abney, Mr. Mansell, Sir John JViUiams, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bridges, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Storehouse, Sir Justin. Isham, Mr. Qoulston, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Moor; and all that are Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

; The House, according to Order, resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed unto by the House.

Clause M, for taking away the Fees to the Officers of the Exchequer, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " other than, and except, the Fee of one Peny " in the Pound And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeWoheY79.

for ,he Noes,g} 54.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause for the East India Company to furnish the Crown with Saltpetre, with Blanks, as to the Price, being offered to the House;

The same was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank, as to the Price in Time of War, be filled up with " Fifty-one Pounds per Ton;"

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeu,^; } *>.

Tellers for the Noes,^ho'coekef' } 27-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " Fifty-11 three Pounds per Ton."

And the other Blanks were filled up by the House. And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Rectifying the Misnomers of the Commissioners; Names in the former Land Tax Act:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Salit^ next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fownes, Sir Tho. Wroth, Sir FJ-mimd Bacon, Mr. Snell, Sir John Philips, Mr.

Sir Jo'v. Elwes, Mr. Blaafce, and Mr. Renda, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Hill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Counties of Bedford and MiJ-d/eser, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Lands, or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. For, Mr. Nicholas, Sir John Poole, M-cu Mr. Hele, and Mr. Gorge, be added to the Committee, k* to whom the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Mansell Esquire to raise a further Sum of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriated Rectory of Llanriddian, for Payment of Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18° die Aprilis;

i° Ann® Reginae.

Prayers*

MR. Gorges reported from the Committee, to whom Powlfi the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Powell Baronet, deceased,* for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife, Daughter of the said Sir William Powell; and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry; was committed;

That they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; 1

and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the 1

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 6. L. 12. after the Word "Williams," insert " and Dame Mary his Wife."

L. 13. leave out the Words "his and her " Hand and Seal," and, instead thereof, insert "their " Hands and Seals, or the Hand and Seal of the Survivor of them."

Press 9. L. 31. leave out the Word "Twelve," and, instead thereof, insert "Six;" and, in the same Line, leave out the Word " Six," and, instead thereof, insert " Twelve."

Mr. Tredenham reported from the Committee, to whom MauselTi the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Mansell Esquire to raise a further Sum of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriated Rectory of Llanriddian, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without 7 any

i Ann. i 8° Apr ills. 851

any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands in the Counties of Surry and Sussex, the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold for discharge1 ing several Mortgages, and other Debts, charged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson; and settling his Estate upon his said Wife, and her Children by him, clear of Incumbrances; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harcourt,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edward Hasle, Mr. Gage, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Bridges, Sir Will. Ashurst, Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Dormer, Sir Will. Hustler, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Vernon; and all that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Sumy: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom j. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Ba/sall, in the County of Wani'ick, founded by the Lady Catharine Le-\veson, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 6. L. the 4th, after " be," insert " 6t to be."

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act we s for the enabling Abraham Barnewell to make a more ample Settlement of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Family; and to charge Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children, in his Life-time; and for Payment of his Debts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Bo lies, the Lord Coningsby, Sir Will. Ashurst, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Masters, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bromley, Sir Char. Hedges, Mr. Austen, Mr. Fox, Sir Edward Hasle, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Blaake, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Portman, Mr. Cooper, Sir Will. Hustler, Sir Fran. Massarn, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Dodswell, Mr. Marks, Mr. Beare, Mr. Jilitford, Major Yates, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Hen. Lyd-dall, Mr. Fagg; and all that serve for Leicestershire: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

a^,s An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Nicolas Bagnall

I Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be^ An Act for the Relief of Nicolas Bagnall Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

V

nation Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That her Majesty ueea had been graciously pleased to give Directions, That the * Proceedings of this House, with relation to the Solemnity of her Majesty's Coronation, upon Thursday next; and the Attendance of this House thereupon; should be in the same manner as at the last Coronation; viz. That her Majesty had appointed a Gallery in the Abbey, and another in Westminster- hall ;adn also a Dinner for them in the Court of Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into Custody all and every such Person and Persons, other than Members and Officers of the House, that shall presume to press or come into the Galleries in the Abbey Church at Westminster, or Westminster-hall, appointed for this House to be in at the Solemnity of her Vo 13.,

Majesty's Coronation, or in the Exchequer Chamber, w'here they are to dine.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to view the Galleries and Seats prepared for the Members in Westminster-hall and Westminsta'-abbey, at her Majesty's Coronation; and view the Passages thither; and consider of the best Way to come to the House, and the Places before mentioned, upon Thursday Morning next:

And it is referred to the Lord Coningsby, Sir Ronvland Gxvyrm, Sir Henm) Dutton Colt, the Earl of Ranelagh, and Sir Godfrey Copley.

Ordered, That Tickets be prepared, and numbered, and delivered out by Mr. Speaker, but only to such Members as shall appear in Person.

Ordered, That the Members do not bring any Servants with them, either to Westminster-hall, or the Abbey, or into the Exchequer Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members do go to the said respective Places, Two and Two, abreast.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint several Doorkeepers at every Passage, such as know the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Galleries in Westminster-hall and Westminster-abbcy be reserved for the Use of the Members of the House, at the Solemnity of her Majesty's Coronation.

Ordered, That the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, of the House, do attend Mr. Speaker in his going to arid from Westminster-hall and Westminster-abbey, at the said Solemnity.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That her Treaties with Majesty had been pleased to direct him to lay before the PrU£8la and House Copies of the several Treaties following; viz. SC[£5C as~ A Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the States General, and the King of Prussia; and a Translation of the same:

A Copy of a Convention with the King of Prussia, about Troops to be put into the Service of his Majesty and the States General; and a Translation of the same:

A Copy of separate Articles relating to the King of Prussia, about TroOps; and a Translation of the same:

A Copy of a Convention with the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, for Nine thousand Men, to be put into the Service of his Majesty and the States; and a Translation of the same:

A Copy of an Article relating to the pretended Prince of Wales\ and a Translation of the same:

And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the Titles thereof were read:

And the Translations are as follow;

Translation of the Treaty between his Majesty and the States General, and the King of Prussia.

ALTH OUGH there arealreadv particular Alliances Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, his Prussia. Majesty the King of Prussia, and their High and Mighty Lordships the States General of the United Provinces; yet the presentand dangerous Conjuncture, particularly as to the grand Aflair of the Succession to the Monarchy of Spain, and the Consequences thereof; and likewise the due Consideration of the Security and mutual Conveniencies of their Kingdoms and States, which may depend thereon; together with the publick Good of Europe in general, which is so much concerned therein; have given them Occasion to enter into stricter Engagements: For which Purpose, there have been commissioned and authorized, on one Part, by his Majesty the King of Great Britain, John Earl of Marlborough, Baron Churchill of Sandridge, General of his Foot, and Commander in Chief of his said Majesty's Forces in the Lozv Countries, and his Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary; and by their High and Mighty Lordships the States General, the Sieurs John Van Essen, Burgomaster of the Town of Zutphen, Curator of the U niversityof liar demy k\ Frederick Baron de Rhcede,

Lord of Lier, St. Antony, and Ter-Lee, of the Order of the Nobility of the Province of Holland and Westfriseland;

Antony Heinsius, Counsellor, Pensionary, Keeper of the

Great

853 i Apr^1702.

Treaty with Great Seal, and Superintendent of the Fiefs of the same Province; William de Nassau, Lord of Odyk, Cortgiene, &c. First Noble, and Representative of the Nobility in the States, and in the Council of Zeeland; Everhard de Weede, Lord of Weede, Dykvclt, Rctcles, &c. Lord Proprietor of the Manor of the Town of Oudcxvater, Dean and Rector of the Imperial Chapter of St. Mary at Utrecht, Dykgrave of the River Rhine, in the Province of Utrecht, and President of the States of the same Province; David Constantin du Tour, Lord of Aveincs} la Pamerede, Maleret\ Arnold Lamhcr, Burgomaster of the Town of Deventer; and Indols Gockinga; respectively Deputies in the Assembly of the Lords the States General from the Provinces of Guelder land, Holland, and Westfriscland, Zeeland, Utretcht, Friseland, Overyssell, and Groningen, and Ommeland; and, oh the other Part, by his Majesty the King of Prussia, the Sieurs Ezechiel Baron of Spanheim, Privy Counsellor, and Counsellor of State, and Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from his said Majesty; and Wolfgang Baron of Schmettau, Lord of Koningsrvalde and Kehrberg, likewise Privy Counsellor, and Counsellor of State, and Plenipotentiary from his Majesty the King of Prussia: And in Pursuance of the full Powers produced to this Effect on one Side, and on the other, it hath been agreed as follows:

1.

That there shall be an entire and perfect Intelligence between these Three Powers, for the Security, Advantage, and mutual Defence, of their Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, against all Sorts of Aggressors; and, above all,

on account of this present Convention.

2.

That for this Purpose, they shall, on each Side, employ their utmost Endeavours for the Establishment and Continuance of a good and secure general Peace, and the settling thereupon the particular Security of their Kingdoms, States, and Commerce.

3.

That, to this End, there shall be a strict and sincere Communication, between these Three Pow ers, of all that may be negotiated in relation thereunto; that so nothing may be treated of, and concluded, but by common Consent, and with the Satisfaction, Security, and Guaranty, of their said Kingdoms and States.

4-

And whereas the above-mentioned Affair of the Succession to the Spanish Monarchy, in the Condition to which it is at present reduced, to the great and notable Prejudice of the Rights and Pretensions of his Imperial Majesty to the said Succession, and of the Security and Liberty of Europe in general, and, in particular, of the neighbouring Powers, who are the most interested therein, hath given Occasion to a Treaty of Alliance, made and concluded at iha Hague, the 7th of September last, between his Imperial Majesty, his Britannick Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships; it is therefore, and in pursuance of the Communication and Requisition, which hath been made on the Part of his said Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of their High and Mighty Lordships, to his Majesty the King of Prussia, that his said Majesty hath been induced to enter into the above-mentioned Alliance; and his Britannick Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships, do, on their Part, likewise declare, That they admit his Prussian Majesty into the said Alliance: Wherefore, separate Acts shall be made by the above-mentioned Powers, with the Insertion of the said Alliance, which shall be exchanged at the same time with the Ratification of the present Treaty.

5-

And seeing that as well his Britannick Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships, as his Majesty the King of Prussia, have great and clear Pretensions to considerable Sums of Money, which are due to them respectively from the Crown of Spain, they have agreed mutually to aid and assist one another for obtaining Satisfaction for the said Pretensions, and likew ise hereafter to concert the proper and convenient Means for this Purpose: And,

moreover, the particular Guafarity given by his nick Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships, to keep the Fort of St. Mary as a Security for one Part of the above-mentioned Pretensions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, shall continue to have its full and entire Effect 6.

That, furthermore, it is promised, on the Part of his said Britannick Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships, to come to no Conclusion of Peace with France and Spain, without his abovesaid Majesty's concurring therein as King of Prussia, and being owned and treated as King by those Two Crowns.

7*

That, in case these Three Powers jointly, or any One of them, should be attacked by France or Spain, on account of this present Treaty, or of the above-mentioned Alliance with his Imperial Majesty, they promise and oblige themselves, mutually to assist each other, pursuant to what is agreed by the 11th Article of the above-mentioned Treaty of Alliance with his Imperial Majesty, and also by the former Treaties and Alliances of his Britannict Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships, with his Majesty the King of Prussia; which are renewed and continued by the 1 ith Article of this present Treaty.

8.

That, furthermore, in case, as abovesaid, of a Rupture and War, if Contributions should be raised in the Enemy's Country by the Troops of his Majesty the King of Prussia, or of his Territories and Dominions, or by their Assistance; especially if the Territories and Subjects of the said King were obliged to pay Contributions to the Enemy; there shall then be made an equitable Agreement concerning the Reparation of the said Contribution.

. 9- '

That in case, with the Consent of his Imperial Majesty, the Eight thousand Men, which his Majesty the King of Prussia has agreed to furnish him, the Conditions mentioned in the # Article of his Treaty with his said Imperial Majesty, made in the Year 1700, should remain all, or in Part, for the Defence of the Countries of the Lower Rhine, or of those between the Meuse and the Moselle; or for acting offensively against the Enemy; it shall be concerted on each Side w here they are to be employed: And, in case his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships, should draw the said Troops out of the Countries and Dominions w here the Money of the Empire is current, they shall account with his Majesty the King of Prussia for the Exchange, or Difference, in respect to the Money: And, in the same case, they shall allow Forage to the said Troops out of the Magazines of the K'mgoi Great Britain, and the States, when the Country cannot furnish them with any; and, in like manner, Bread, according to w^hat was observed in the last War, Half on this Side the Meuse, and the w hole on the other bide.

10.

That, upon the Offer made by his Majesty the King of Prussia, to furnish his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships, immediately, without demanding any Levy-money, a Body of Five thousand Men, of good old Troops, well cloathed, and well armed, and the Cavalry provided with good Horses, to be taken into their Service; and the same having beeu well received, and agreed unto, on their Part; a particular Convention hath been made and concluded for the same betw een their respective Ministers, having full Power for that Purpose: And, in case a Peace should be settled in the Countries neighbouring to Prussia, and that his Said Majesty the King of Prussia should have nothing to fear on that Side, his said Majesty declares he is ready, and disposed, to furnish a considerable Number of Troops, at least Seven thousand Men, for the Good of... common Cause, and to be employed on such a Foot, as shall be agreed on with his Britannick Majesty and their High and Mighty Lordships.

11.

Lastly, the former Treaties shall continue in their full and entire Force; that is to say, that of a perpetual and

defensive

i Ann.

i 8° Aprilis.

853

defensive Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Majesty the King of Prussia, made at Westminster, the 26th of May 1690; as also those of an Alliance and mutual Assistance between his said Majesty the King of Prussia and their High and Mighty Lordships, lately renewed by the Treaty made at Berlin, the 31st of August 1700.

12.

The present Treaty shall be ratified, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged on each Side, within the Space of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of its being signed.

In this manner it was made, and signed by us the Plenipotentiaries above-named; that is to say, by me the

Earl of Marlborough, at London, the ^0lb of January 1702 n s! by us the Baron of Spanheim, and the Baron of Schmettau, the First at London, the 290th of January im n! s! anc* the Second at the Hague, the 30th of December 1701; and by us the Deputies of the Lords the States General, at the Hague, the 30th of December 1701. (L.S.) Marlborough. E. de Spanheim.

IV. B. de Schmettau. (L.S.)

(L.S.)

(L.S.) J. van Essen.

(L. S.) F. B. van Reede.

(L. S.) A. Heinsius.

(L S.) IV. de Nassau.

(L.S.) Du Tour.

(L.S.) Ar. Lemker.

(L.S.) S. L. Gockinga.

Translation of the Convention with the King of Prussia, about Troops to be put into the Service of his Majesty and the States General.

HIS Majesty the King of Prussia having offered his Majesty the King of Great , and their High and Mighty Lordships the States General, to put into their Service a Body of Five thousand Men, of good and old Troops; and this Offer having been well received; an Agreement hath been made for the same on the following Conditions:

1.

This Body shall consist, according to the List annexed, in Two Regiments of Horse, making, together with the Field and Staff Officers, and the Officers of each Troop, Eight hundred and Seventy-four Men; and in Five Regiments of Foot, each of Twelve Companies, making, together with their Field and Staff Officers, and the Officers of each Company, Four thousand Two hundred and Fifty-five Men; and, in the whole, both Horse and Foot, Five thousand One hundred and Twenty-nine Men.

2.

These Troops shall be well cloathed, and well armed; and the Cavalry shall be furnished with good Horses; and they shall be, in all respects, treated and paid on the same Foot as the States treat their own Troops.

3-

The said Troops shall be paid, one Half by his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the other Half by their High and Mighty lordships. This Payment shall be as Speedy, and on the same Foot, with the Troops of His Majesty the King of Prussia, which were in the Service of their High and Mighty Lordships during the ,last War.

4-

This Body shall receive a Month's Pay for Carriage-tboney, as soon as they shall be actually on their March.

5-

His Majesty the King of Prussia shall cause the said Body of Troops to leave their Quarters, and begin their March, Fifteen Days after the signing of this Treaty; and sooner, if it be possible.

6.

The Pay of these Troops shall not commence but from the Day they shall enter upon the Borders of the Domi-Vox. 13.

nions of their High and Mighty Lordships; and they Treaty with shall then he received by the Commissaries of his Britan- Prussia. nick Majesty, and of their High and Mighty Lordships:

And the said Troops shall take an Oath to the King of Great Britain, and to the States.

7-

As for the Recruits of the said Troops, they shall be upon the same F'oot as their High and Mighty Lordships treat their own Troops; and the said Troops shall likewise be left to their Liberty to raise their Recruits where it shall be most convenient for them, as well in the Dominions of His Majesty the King of Prussia, as in those of their High and Mighty Lordships.

8.

In time of War, there shall be paid to these Troops, in Money, for Waggons, and other Equipage, what is paid by their High and Mighty Lordships to their own Troops; and the said Troops shall be treated equally, iu all respects, according to what is practised towards the Troops of their High and Mighty Lordships.

In case that, after an Accommodation or Peace be made with the Crowns of France and his Majesty

the King of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships, should have a. mind to send back the said Body of Troops, his Majesty the King of Prussia shall have Notice thereof Two Months before they begin their March, in order to their Return.

10.

If his Majesty the King of Prussia should happen to be attacked in his own Dominions-, far distant from the Rhine; and should be obliged, thereupon, to demand back his said Troops; they shall be sent him immediately, and without any Contradiction.

11.

Wrhen his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and theiik-High and Mighty Lordships, shall send back the said Body of Troops; in this Case they shall have One Month's Pay for their Return and Carriage-money: But, in case his Majesty the King of Prussia recalls them, they shall be paid no more than the Remainder of the Month's Pay wherein they are recalled.

12.

In case of these Troops being sent back, or recalled, his Majesty the King of Great Britai7i, and their High and Mightinesses, shall neither pay for, nor fill up, the private Soldiers that may then be wanting; and it shall lie upon the Officers of the said Body to answer for the same to his Majesty the King of Prussia.

13-

In case, as abovesaid, of the sending back, or recalling, of the said Troops, they shall be paid what shall appear to be then due to them, speedily; and, if possible, before they begin their March, in order to their Return.

14-

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged, on each Side, within the Space of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of its being signed.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, his Majesty the King of Prussia, and the Lords the States General, by virtue of our full Powers, have concluded, signed, and sealed with the Seals of our Arms, the present Convention; that is to say, I the Earl of Marlborough, on the Part of his Britannick Majesty, at London, the 29<h of January ^ojn.s!* we Baron of Spanheim, and the Baron of Schmettau, on the Part of his Majesty the King of Prussia; the First at London, the 290Ih of January 5 an<* the Second at the Hague, the 30th

of December 1701, N. S.; and we the underwritten

10 H Deputies

jitized Jpy

Treaty with Prussia.

Treaty with

llecse

Cassell.

18*

Deputies of the Lords the States General, on their Part, at the Hague, the 30th of December 1701. N. S.

(L. S.) Marlborough. (L.S.) E. B. de Spanheim.

(L.S.) J. van Essen. JV. B. de Schmettau.

tL;S;)

(L. S.) F. B. van Recdc. (L.S.) A. Heinsius.

(L. S.) JV. de Nassau. (L. S.) Du Tour.

(L. S.) Ar. Lemher.

(L , S.) S. L. Gockinga.

Translation of the separate Articles, relating to the Convention with the King of Prussia, about Troops.

Separate Articles.

1.

WHILE the Body of Troops of his Majesty the King of Prussia, concerning which an Agreement bath this Day been made, shall continue in the Service of his Bri-tannick Majesty, and their High and Mighty Lordships, his Majesty the King of Prussia shall fill up the vacant Places of the Officers, according to what was practised between his Majesty and their High and Mighty Lordships in the last War, which was ended by the Peace of Ryswick; but, upon the filling up of every Vacancy, Notice shall be given, by the Minister of the King of Prussia, to the Person whom the King of Great Britain shall appoint, and the Council of State, of the Name of the Officer to succeed; to the end that the IAsts may be kept in good Order: His Majesty the King of Prussia shall likewise have all possible Regard to the Recommendation of those Officers, which his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships^ would have made.

2,

For the Preservation of this Body of Troops, and for the observing good Order and Discipline among them, the same shall be commanded by a Major General, who shall be paid upon the same Foot as their High and Mighty Lordships allow to their own: And, in case his Prussian Majesty should give the Command to his Royal Highness the Margrave Albert his Brother, it shall be then in Quality of Lieutenant General, and likewise on the same Foot as their High and Mighty Lordships allow to their own.

These separate Articles shall have the same Force and Vigour, as if they were inserted in the principal Convention made this Day.

In Witness whereof, we have, in like manner, signed, and sealed them' with the Seals of our Arms. Done at London, the ^Qih of January > an<^at &e Hague,

the 30th of December 1701. N.S.

(L.S.) Marlborough. (L.S.) Spanheim.

Schmettau.

(L.S.)

(L. S.) J. van Essen.

(L.S.) F. B. van Reede.

(L.S.) A. Heinsius.

(L. S.) JV. de Nassau*

(L. S*) Du Tour.

(L S.) Ar. Lemkerv

(L. S.) S. L. Gockinga.

Translation of the Convention with the Landgrave of Hesse Cassell, for 9,000 Men, to be put into the Service of his Majesty and the States.

CONVENTION made between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High and Mighty Lordships the States General, on one Part; and his most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, on the other Part; touching a Body of 9,000 Men, which his said Highness h£s promised to give for the good of the Common Cause. 1.

First, His Highness shall furnish the said King of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States General, with Six thousand Men; which shall consist, according to the List which shall be made thereof, in One Regiment of Horse,

A. 1701

of Six Companies; Two Regiments of Dragoons, each of Eight Companies; and Five Regiments of Foot* each Of Twelve Companies; each Regiment having its Field and Staff Officers; and making together, in the Whole, the Number of Six thousand Men.

2.

These Six thousand Men shall be good Troops, well exercised, cloathed, and armed; and they shall have good Horses; and shall be provided with all that shall be necessary for them.

3.

The said Six thousand Men shall be paid regularly, according to the abovesaid List; one Half by his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the other Half by their High and Mighty Lordships; on the same Foot the said States General pay their own Troops, and as soon as the other foreign Troops of other Princes; and they shall not, at any time, be more than Three Months in Ar-rear.

4-

The Pay of these Troops shall commence Two fiill Monfhs before the Day they shall enter upon the Borders of the State of their High and Mighty Lordships, or oa the Place whither they shall be required to cortie, whether it be for Action, or otherwise; where they shall be immediately received by the Commissaries of his Rritamiick Majesty, and of their High and Mighty Lordships: And they shall take an Oath of Fidelity to the said King, and to the said States General.

5-

For what relates to the Recruits of the said Six thousand Men, they shall be upon the same Foot as their High and Mighty Lordships treat their own Troops: And, moreover, it shall be left, on their Part, to the liberty of the said Six thousand Men to rpise their Recruits where it shall be most convenient for them, as well in the Territories of his Highness, as in those of their High and Mighty Lordships.

6.

In time of War, these 6,000 Men shall be paid n Money, for Waggons, and other Equipage, what (heir High and Mighty Lordships pay their own Troops: And, in short, they shall enjoy all the same Advantages in general, that the said Troops of their High and Mighty Lordships do enjoy.

7.

In case that, after an Accommodation, or Peace, bt made, his Majesty of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships, should have a mind to send back the said Six thousand Men; his said Highness shall have Notice of it Two Months before they begin their March, in order to their Return.

8;

In case, as abovesaid, that these Troops be sent back, or recalled, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships, shall pay to the said Troops what shall be due to them, as well on account of their Pay, as for Waggons.

It shall be left to the Disposal of his Highness, incase of any great and evident Danger; or, if he shall happen to be attacked in his own Dominions; thereupon to recal the said Troops; and they shall be sent him back immediately, and without any Contradiction.

10.

When his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High and Mighty Lordships, after the War is ended, shall send back the said Six thousand Mbn; in that Case, they shall have One full Month's Pay for their Return and Carriage-money: But, in case his Highness recalls them before the Ratification of the Treaty of Peace, then they shall be paid no more than the Remainder of the Month's Pay wherein they are recalled.

11.

In case of the sending back, or Recall, of the said Six thousand Men, neither the said King, nor the said Lords the States General,- shall pay for, or fill up, the private Soldiers

18° Jip

855

1 Ann.

Soldiers which may tttenbe Waiting; but it shall lie upon thi Officers to answer fhr the same to his Highness "the 3&ndgrave.

12.

His Highness shall further add Three thousand Men to the said Six thousand Men, to serve together in One Body, which he shall maintain wholly at his own Charge; htid they shall perform the Same Service, during the Campaign, as the First Si* thousand Men; it being nevertheless to be understood, that Ammunition Bread, hnd Fbrage, shall be furnished the said Three thousand Men, during the Campaign, on the same Terms with the other Troops of the States.

13.

His said Highness shall be allowed, after the Campaign is over, to quarter the^e Three thousand Men in his owft Country during the Winter, provided they do rejoin the bther Six thousand Men in the Spring.

14.

In case his said Highness be attacked in his own Country, as abovesatd, and that he thinks fit to recall the said Six thousand Men, he may likewise recall the said Three thousand.

I5'

The said King, and the said Lords the States General, shall pay, for what is above-mentioned to his Highness, One hundred thousand Crowns, or Two hundred and fifty thousand Livres, Money oi HoHarid, yearly, during the Four First Years of the War, to commence with this present Year; and, after that time, as long as the War "shall last, or that the said Troops shall Continue in their Service, Half of the said Sum; that is to say, One hundred and twenty-five thousand Livres; yearly, payable every Year by way of Anticipation.

16.

And, towards the Support of the Charges which his Highness will be obliged to be at, at present, there shall be advanced to his said Highness, as soon as the Ratification shall be exchanged, Four hundred thousand Livres, to be discounted on the Two First Years.

17‘

The said King, and the said Lords, the States General, shall prbeure the Requisitorial Letters which shall be necessary for the March of the said Troops.

18.

This Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications thereof exchanged, here at the Haguei in Four Weeks; or sooner, if it be possible.

In Witness whereof we the underwritten Ambassador Extraordinary, Deputies, and Counsellors Plenipotentiaries, of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, the Lords the States General, and the Landgrave of Hesse, have concluded, signed, and sealed with our Coats of Arms the present Convention; that is to say, I the Earl of Marlborough, at London, the 13th of February 170 ^; and we the Deputies of the Lords the States General, and the Counsellors Plenipotentiaries of his Highness the Landgrave, at thd Hague, the 7th of February in the year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, New Stile.

(L. S.) Marlborough.

(L. S.) J. Van Essen. (L; S.) J. R. Von Dahvig.

(L. S.) F. B. de Reede.

(L.S.) J.&Kldutd.

(L.S.) A. Heinsius.

(L. S.) Johan. Becker.

(L.S.) E. de TVeeit.

(L.S.) Du Tour.

(L. S.) H. J. Roelinck.

(L. S.) S. L. Gockinga.

Translation of the Article relating to the pretended Prince of Wales.

- WHElREAS, sihee' the Treaty of Alliance between toe his Sacred Imperial Majesty, his Sacred Royal Majesty the King of Great Britain, lately deceased, and the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, was made, and signed at the 'Bay

Vo l. 13.

of September in the Year 1701, the 'most Christian King has so far taken upon him as to own arid declare the prer tended Prince of Wales King of England, Scotland, and Ireland; and has thereby offered a very great Injury and Indignity to the said late King, to the Queen ot Great Britain, and to the whole British Nation:

It is therefore agreed and concluded between the said Confederates, his Sacred Imperial Majesty, her Sacred Royal Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, by this present Article, which shall have the same Force, Virtue, and Vigour, as if it had been originally inserted in the aforesaid Treaty of Alliance; That no Peace shall be concluded with France, until Reparation be made to her Sacred Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, for the said signal Injury and Indignity.

All Kings and Princes, who have already entered, or shall hereafter enter, into the Alliance above-mentioned, shall be invited into this present Alliance.

This Article shall be ratified within the Space of Oni Month; or sooner, if it can be.

In Witness w hereof, Six Instruments are made of this Article, in the same manner as were made of the Treaty of Alliance above-mentioned; Two of which are signed and sealed by the underwritten Plenipotentiaries of his Sacred Imperial Majesty, the one at London, and the other at the Hague; Two others by the Plenipotentiary of her Sacred Royal Majesty the Queen of Great Britain; and the remaining Tw<o by the Deputies of the Lords the States General. At the Hague, the 12th Day of April 1702.

(L.S.) Petrus Comes a Goessen.

(L.S.) Johannes Wences/aus Comes Wratislau.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for the Relief of John EUis Esquire, with rela- Ellis' tion to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time. Relief/

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, presented Harris' to the House a Bill for the Relief of Catharine Hai'ris, Relief, alias Kife, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Co- Lutter*ll> loriel Henry Luttcrell, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, Relief, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Tredenham, according to Order, presented to the j. Transr House a Bill for making Provision for the Family of John R«kef. Trant, eldest Son and Heir of the late Sir Patrick !rant, deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum, out of the Estate, to the Publick: And the same was received.

Mr. Fox, according to Order, presented to the House Fox's a Bill for the Relief of Sir Stephen Fox, by allowing him Relief, further time to make and enter his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the same was received.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Irish For* Into Consideration the Petitions relating^ to the forfeited futures. Estates in Ireland, which were, the last Parliament, transmitted into Ireland, the Examination whereof were referred to the Trustees there; and the Trustees Reports thereupon.

And the Trustees in Town attending;

They were called in;

And the Petition of Edmund Staffing and Samuel Dop-ping Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and others, Purchasers of Inheritance of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, being read; and the Report of the Trustees thereupon;

The said Trustees were heard thereunto.

Add then they withdrew.

And

Coronation of Queen Anne.

856

18° Apr.

A, 1702.

112.

74.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Petitioners, Purchasers of Inheritance of the forfeited Estates, upon the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^' ]

Tellers for tire Noes,^ ^ImiHgton: i

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Relief be, That the said Petitioners be admitted Purchasers of the said Lands, at Thirteen Years Purchase: And that Sir Rowland Gzvyn, and the Lord Coningsby, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called iti;

The Petition of Christopher O Bryen Clerk, in behalf of his Mother Catharine O Bryen Widow', and several Children, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew'.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Widow and Children of Manus O Bryan, deceased, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ogle do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

The Petition of Colonel Robert Wolseley and Captain Richard Wolseley, Executors to Brigadier Wolseley, deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Executors of the said Brigadier Wolseley, upon the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

The Petition of William Spencer, of Kilcolman, in the County of Cork, in the Kingdom of Ireland, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said William Spencer, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

The Petition of Joseph Mitchell being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Mitchell, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr. Yates do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Sir RozvlandGwynn reported, from the Committee appointee! to view the Galleries and Seats in Westminster Hall and Westminster Abbey, and the Passages thither, in order to attend the Solemnity of her Majesty's Coronation, and the best Way to come to the House, on Thursday next, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, the Committee having been to view the Scaffolds in Westminster Hall\ and the Abbey, as also the Ta? bles for the Members in the Exchequer Court, and the Passages through which the Members are to come to Westminster Hall, and from thence to the Abbey;

They find the Scaffolds in the Abbey made very convenient to receive the Members; and that there is Room enough for the whole House, and the Tables in the Court of Exchequer large enough to entertain near Four hundred Members:

But the Seats appointed for the House in Westminster

Imp-1

DcOt.

Hall are made very 'narrow and inconvenient,__________

not receive above Two hundred and Fifty Persons; because, at each End of the Hall, a Part of the Seats are separated for other Company; whereby the Members must be obliged to go through a "long, narrow, dark Passage, to their Seats.

The Committee are of Opinion, That the best Way to come to the House upon Thursday next, will be, for the Members to come by Water to Sir John Cottorih Stairs; and so, through his House, up to the House of Commons; whence they may go through the Hall to their Seats; and thence through the Exchequer Court, by a Back Passage, through St. Margaret's Lane, into St. Margaret's Church; and thence, through the North Isle of the Abbey, to their Seats there; and they are to return the same Way to Westminster Hall: All which Passages will be raised in.

The Committee have also viewed the Scaffolds, and believe they are well built; and the Surveyor General does assure them, that the same are strong and safe.

The Committee do humbly conceive, That all those Seats on the Right-hand, coming into Westminster Hall, ought to be set apart for the Use of the House only.

And also he acquainted the House, That there are Scaffolds built upon the Roof of the Exchequer, where the Members are to dine, to the endangering the Roof thereof.

Ordered, That the Surveyor of her Majesty's Works do take care, that the Seats for the Members in Westminster Hall be inlarged, and made more easy for the Accommodation of the Members: And that the Partitions in the Gallery be removed.

Ordered, That the Surveyor of her Majesty's Works do likewise take care, that there be no Scaffolds over the Exchequer Chamber, and Place where the Members are to dine.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holfori and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An ActUwuft for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to SaM treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Mutaa for the Relief of Hannah Macdomell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M* for the Relief of Captain Thomas Belters, with rela-MtL tion to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded in the Consideration of the Pe- Irish For-titions relating to the Irish forfeited Estates. fotuni.

And the Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Thomas Plunket, in behalf of himself, and Catharine his Wife, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Plunket, and his Wife, according to the Prayer of their Petition: And that Mr. King and Mr. Manley do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Edward Corker Esquire being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Corker, According to the Prayer of his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, proceed further in the Consideration of the

/ ' ‘ Petition's

; Place ve-

isking

rting

ce'sEn-nent of cester ege.

of

for's

te.

ttr

uery

kte.

i Ann. iB° — ao°

Petitions Velating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland' and the Reports of the Trustees thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Morley, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Wollaston, Sir John Williams, Sir Will. Drake, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Loe, Mr. Champ

neyes, Mr. Manley, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Calthorp, Colonel Mordant, Mr. AV/e//, Mr. Nicholson, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Improvement of Suffolk-Place, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 20° die Aprilis

1° Annae Reginae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of an Invention of damasking, striking, and fixing, Colours into all Sorts of Stuff and Cloth; and raising and embossing Flowers of various Colours on the same; was committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, That, in case of seizing of Wool to be exported, the Matter may be tried in an adjacent County.

A Petition of several Clothiers of divers Counties of England, met at Salisbury Fair, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Clothiers of England, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth,.....they, being

apprehensive of the great Decay of their Trader which is fallen, and will hereafter fall, on all the Traders in W ool in the Kingdom, by reason of the vast Quantities sent into foreign Parts; and, if not prevented, will utterly ruin the Trade thereof, and cause many Thousands, w ho live thereby, to starve: That the Petitioners found Advantage by several Officers sent into the Country, under the Commissioners of Wool, who prevented the Exportation of a great deal of their Wool: They have withdrawn themselves, having no Allowance for such their Service And now having no Persons that w ill undertake the same, do pray, That there may be Persons sent into all the maritime Towns of this Kingdom, as well as in Kent and Sussex, to hinder the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling Sir Thomas Cooke's Charity of Ten thousand Pounds, for the Erecting and Endowing of Worcester College in Oxford, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr* Dormer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, Funeral, and Legacies, of the said Earl, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Drake reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Vou IS.

Aprilis. 857

Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in Exeter, and their Farmers and Tenants, to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Culm-stock, in the County of Devon, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations contained in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

S'

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stone'* for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Estate-Stone, of Baldwyn Brightwell, in the County of Oxford,

Esquire, in his Family and Name; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Singleton'* for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esquire, with relation Relief* to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew:

The Earl of Dysert reported from the Committee, to Sudbury whom the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, Workhouse*-within the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,-be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ^publiclt making good the Deficiencies; and preserving the publick Credit. Credit; being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause in relation to the old Debt standing out to the Navy.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. s

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Estate* give* whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; was committed; be made Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Barbadoes whom the Petition of Thomas /forfge? Esquire was referred, Government, be made Tomorrow Sevennight,

Resolved, That this House will, this Day Sevennight, Duty on Sale resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Jokl°* the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bar- toc arw' gaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

10 I Resolved,

Salt

Duties.

858 20® — 33'® — 24s Ap 170a.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday next, re- And the Members, Two by Two, according to the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Counties, as in the Return Book; the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt The Clerk Assistant calling over the Counties, in order Duties. thereunto; and afterwards following in the Rear to the

Gallery in Westminster-hall.

Whitby Ordmd, That the ingrossed Bill for rebuilding, and Mr. Speaker sat at the Upper-end of the Gallery, on

Harbour. keeping in good Repair, the Pier of the Town and Port the lowrest Row, and the Members upon the several Seats;

of IVhhby, in the North Riding of the County of York, and below them the Clerk, Serjeant, Chaplain, Clerk

be read the Third time on Friday Morning next. Assistant, and the other Clerks: And, after the Procession

was over from the Hall, Mr. Speaker, attended by the Lutterell's Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Co- aforesaid Officers walking before, went, by the afore*

Relief. lonel Henry LnttereU, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, described Way, to their Gallery in Westminster-abbcy\ and

and other ingrossed Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, staid there tili the whole Solemnity of the Coronation m

be read the Third time on Saturday Morning next. over, and the Queen was passed by, in the Abbey, in her

Return to Westminster-hall: And then Mr. Speaker, and Coronation of Resolved\ That this House will goto their Places in the House, again returned to their Gallery in Westminster-

Queen'Anne. Westminster-hall, to the Solemnity of her Majesty's Coro- hall, and staid there till the Procession was over, and

nation, as they used to be called over, by Eight a Clock while the Queen was at Dinner; and then went to their

in the Morning. Dinner provided for them in the Exchequer Chamber.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go into the __________

Galleries in Westminster Audi, or Westminster-abbey, be-

fore the Speaker, and the House, do go thither. Veneris, 24° die Aprilis;

Committees. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {fw.mS:] 65'

Tellers ferfe Noes,] 58.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Seven a Clock.

Jovis9 23° die Aprilis; i° Ann® Regin®.

Prayers.

Coronation ^T^H E House being met;

of Queen X The Names of the Counties were called over, that

Aflne. the ]yiernbers of each County might sit together, to the end they might go in the better Order, according to the Directions of the House, to the Solemnity of her Majesty's Coronation: And the Members present did seat themselves accordingly.

And then the House, that they might attend the Solemnity of her Majesty's Coronation, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

THE Proceedings of the House upon that Occasion was as follows; viz.

The Serjeant's Messengers, and Doorkeepers, were placed, some at the Door of the Gallery in Westminster-hall, who were intrusted, by Mr. Speaker, with the Key of that Gallery, with Orders that noue but Members should be let into the same; One at the furthest Door of the Exchequer Chamber, towards St. Margaret*s-lane; One at the Door into St. Margaret*s Church; and another at the North Door of Westminster-abbey: And, the better to keep off the Crowd, Rails were put up, and several Soldiers were placed, along the said Passages.

In the Speaker's and Members proceeding from the House to the Gallery in Westminster-hall;

Some of the Serjeant's Messengers went first;

Theu the Under Clerks;

Mr. Speaker's Secretary;

The Clerk of the House; and,

The Chaplain;

The Serjeant carrying the Mace along the Hall, as usual, before Mr. Speaker;

Mr. Speaker alone;

1® Ann® Regin®.

Prayers.

Z> E SO LVED, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsull, in Hos

1

U C

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, hwi An Act for vesting the Estate of William Matthaus Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

And the same being twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; vix.

10 Pr. L. 10. after "and," add "demand."

Ordered, That Mr. Snell do carry the Bill to the Lordy, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

the County of Warztnck9 founded by the Lady Catharine Leveson, was read the Third time.

Rcsolvedy That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- PawletV tituled, An Act for vesting the Lands of Hairy Pmkt, huu, a Lunatick, in order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and near Relations, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

Oi'dered, That the Report from the Committee, to Unwbofe-whom the Bill to prevent the making of unwholesome and m]t unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was committed; be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom f the Bill for making good the Deficiencies'; and preserving ‘ the publick Credit; was committed; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

An ingrossed Bill for the rebuilding, and keeping in Whify

good Repair,.....of the Town and Port of Whitby, Htr

3 in

ly Bill;

‘iencies

jublick

it.

i Ann. 24° — 25°

in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, sis a Rider, to exempt the Town of Yarmouth from the Duties granted by the Bill:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

} 70.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up; and read thrice; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made; viz.

Press 2. L. 14. to insert <c per Chaldron:" And,

Press L. to leave out " perverted," and insert u diverted," instead thereof:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for } 95-

Teller, for the Noe,} 73.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the Deficiencies; and preserving the publick Credit; was committed; the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching the Arrears to the Officers:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks: And the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, Thai the Commissioners should make out Certificates, whereupon Debentures might be made forth, to Christopher dc Schmettau, for the Sum of One thousand and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings Two-pence Three Farthings, due for the Pay of his Troop:

And the same was twice read; and amended:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Cloathing:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That #

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That *

VOL. 13.

And the same was once read; and by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Privateers; at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Salt Duties, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ..... upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and

Abuses in the Salt Duties.

1

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 25° die Aprilis; i° Annae Reginae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Colonel Henry Lutterell's Lutterell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Relief Ireland\ was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for such as shall enjoy Estates, to be Protestants:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to acquit the Trustees of the Rents:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 4. L. to insert " and to continue to be a Protestant after the taking;"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of Colonel Henry Lutterell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Banks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Masters of whom the Bill for Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and Hoy* carry-other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying in® Pro~ Corn, and bther inland Provisions, to the City of London, °U8‘ is committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Residue of the ingrossed and other j

Bills relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, be read Forfeitures, after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- King's Bench ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Fleet House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the Pnson8-Kings Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the Kings Bench, do attend the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Privateers. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Scobell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Wolseless

Relief.

Irish

Forfeitures,

Earl of

AbiDgdon*s

Estate.

Committees.

Sudbury

Workhouses,

Protestant Purchasers of Irish Forfeitures.

O'Briens

llel.ef.

Mitchell's

Relief.

Earl of

Exeter's

Estate.

860

45® — Jprilis.

J. 170 2.

Mr. Scobdl reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it; which they "had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for the Relief of Captain Wolseley, and other Protestant Lessees of the private Estate in Ireland, by making Provision for paying back all the Monies by them paid for Fines, and Expences they have been at in Improvements, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, in a full House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mountague Earl of Abingdon in Trustees, to be sold; and the purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited; was committed; have Leave to sit upon Monday Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of William Spencer Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Mr. King, according to Order, presented to the House pi^ a Bill for the Relief of Francis Plunket Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act p^-for vesting the Lands of Henry Paiclctt, a Lunatick, in Ui order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and next Relations, was, according to Order, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Cheine, Mr. Scobdl, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Moor, Mr. Poultcmy, Mr. Crow, Mr. Ogle, Mr. , Foley, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Brewer, Mr. AT«r-ton, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Cox, Mr. Clayton, Mr. St. Loe, Colonel King, Mr. Philips, Mr. White, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Kenda, Mr. Trcdtn-ham, Mr. Manley, Mr. Morley, Mr. Bridges; and all that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Hilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

U°,n*

O'

Jtt-

Mv.Conyers, according to Order, presented to the House Co^ a Bill for the continuing the Imprisonment of* Counter, fc-b. and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty KxnglVilliam the Third: And the same was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Luna, 27* die Aprilis;

1* Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Tow n of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Rowland Guynn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, for the same, the respective Purchasers therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Mr. Ogle, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Catharine O Bryen Widow, and her Children, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

Mr. Yates according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, Funeral, and Legacies, of the said Earl, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, and Performance of the Will, of the said Earl.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Air. Carter, Mr. Morgan, Sir The. Da* jef,b vail, Mr. Champneys, Sir Tho. Cooke, Mr. Morley, Sir teM Jos. Tredenham, Air Heysham, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. CLilia Gold, Mr. Shepherd, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Fagg, Mr. Ashurst, the Lord Cheine, Sir Will. Drake, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Jews to maintain, and provide for, their Protestant Children, is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the D*ta. Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt w as committed.

And the Amendments, made, by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Debtors for above Twenty Pounds to wear Marks I) D:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to her Majesty divers jcpplril Subsidies, and a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein men- SuWasi tioned, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Persons in Offices in Ireland may take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, in any of the Courts at Westminster:

And the same was read twice, with Blanks: And the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching ascertaining the Manner of Taxing in Monmouthshire:

And die Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments being proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Pr.

tQQQ«L

~4\

t

i Ann.

270 — 28° Aprilis:

861

Pr. 19. L. 35. to leave out " and Four Shillings."

Pr. 67. L. 35. to leave out " and to his late Majesty " King William."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, for the Gf jrish p"r-same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned; was feitures.. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Trustees in Tow n do attend this House upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Bill for the Relief of Catharine O Bryan Widow, O Bryan's and her Children, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sale Resolved\ That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

tuck injr next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

ies. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

au* whom the Bill to prevent the Making of unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies from Com; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; vvas committed; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

ttees. A Motion being made, and die Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,g£ *22: ' } 27‘

Tellers for tire Noes, j ^2 } 43‘

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 28# die Aprilis; i° Ann® Reginae.

Praters.

ABILL for the Relief of Caesar Bradshaw Esquire, by giving him longer Time to prosecute his Claim entered before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bills, relating to the Irish Forfeitures, be read the Third time after the other Bills, relating to the said Forfeitures, are read the First time.

A Bill for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esquire, with Mitchell s relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the First time. Relief*

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of William Spencer Esquire, with Spencer's relation to the Irish Forfeitures, w as read the First time. Reiief*

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Thomas Plunkett Gentleman, Plunkett's and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the Irish For- Relieffeitures, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Moor, according to Order, presented to the House Sprinfi»s a Bill for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Pro- Relief, testant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect to their real Improvements: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for making Provision for the Pro- EarlofClan-testant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard, and the Lord riccard s, Ac. Bophin, was read the Third time. Provision.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Money, by the Bill to be paid, may be paid in Debentures: And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, as a Rider, to save the Right as against Colonel Fielding; but it was not insisted upon to be brought up.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to acquit the Trustees of the Rents:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Debate arising in the House, touching Provision to be made to acquit the Trustees of the Rents and Profits of the Estate;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, and brought in, to prevent the Trustees from refunding the Rents and Profits of the said Estate.

Relief. A Bill for the Relief of Sir Stephen Fox, by allowing him further Time to make and enter his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fagg have Leave to go into the lce* Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief Francis Earl of Car- EarlofCar-lingford, and others, against several Outlawries, in the Im&fords, County of Tipperary in Ireland, was read the Third time: &c* Rellcf* And a Clause being offered, as a Rider, obliging the setting the Estate to Protestant Tenants;

And the same being thrice read;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

ls» A Bill for the Relief of Catharine Harris, alias Kife,

f. with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the 1 irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ant's A Bill for making Provision for the Family of John Trant, eldest Soil and Heir of the late Sir Patrick Trant, deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum out of the Estate to the Publick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vgl 13.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst Aghunjt*s Knight, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, Relief, was read the Tiiird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst Knight, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwynn do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to 10 K whom

862

28° — % 9°

A1703.

whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire was re- thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding tfe ferred, be made upon Thursday Morning next. Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Masters of Hoys carrying Provisions.

Estates given to superstitious Tses.

Raising the Militia,

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the further Consideration of the Petitions relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, Which were referred to the Trustees there; and the Trustees Reports thereupon:

And the Trustees in Town attending;

They were called in:

And the Petition of Sir Thomas Donwille Baron# being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr. Bridges and Mr. Hayes do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Ignatius Gould Merchant being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Gould\ upon his Petition;

The House divided.

The' Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,£ Hr'

Mr. Corny ns; j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A potion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Relief be for the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mler, for, heY^r. Sri^,

45.

l8.

24-

Tellers for the Noes.g John JVUliamS'

27.

[The Lord Cavendish:

Sq it passed io the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Relief be for the Sum of Two thousand Pounds out of the said Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Burnaby do prepare, and in, the said Bill.

bring

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, the First Business, proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; and the Trustees Reports thereupon: And that the Trustees in Town do then attend.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed to the reading the Residue of the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures; which have not yet been read; and, after, to the Second Reading of such of the Bills, as shall be ready for the same; and afterwards, to receiving the Report of such of the Bills as have been committed; and then to the reading the Residue of the grossed Bills.

Ordej'ecL, Th# the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; was committed; be made upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Drake, Sir Thq. Powys, Mr. u Etterick, Mr. Fozvnds, Sir John Boole, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Jews to maintain, and provide for, their Protestant Children, h committed.

And then the Hquse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Mevcurii, 29* die 4prilis; i° Annae Reginas.

Prayers.

CYA CO B Paulsen, Barthold Guliker, Robert dc Ph-J tiffer, Paul Westhaff Paulson, William Mathysai, and Fred. Bodisco, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill fot naturalizing Daniel Van Ryssen was read a W, Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. WyU, Mr. Sco-bell, Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Lampleigh, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir John Molcsworth, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Barrel!, Mr. SneU, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Colchester, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Williams, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Lorain, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Alexander Rigby, Mr. Heatkott, Admiral Hobson, Mr. Moor, Sir John Bollts, Mr. Man-ley, Sir Jervas Elms, Mr. Bridges, the Lord Cheine, Mr. Morley, Mr. Carter, Sir Will. Drake, Major Yates, Mr. Bendarvis, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Bertie, the Lord Fairfax, Mr. Owen, Colonel Drake, Sir Na. Napier,

Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Clarke, Colonel Wharton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom StMfa the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for IaiF^-the better Improvement of Suffolk Place in the Borough ml of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed,

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to Johnson whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An 1*®*. Act for vesting several Lands in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Mortgages and other Debts, charged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson', and settling his Estate upon his said Wife, and her Children by him,' clear of Incumbrances; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the said Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table,

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom the Btmwell* ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Actfgr the Estit*. enabling Abraham Barnwell to make a more ample Settlement of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Family; and to charge Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children, in his Life-time; and for Payment of his Debts;

1 was

<y

i Ann.

a 90 Apr

was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned'had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz. '

Pr. 14, L. 10. after "of," insertc< the."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

vmellt for settling Sir Thomas Cook's Charity of Ten thousand roes er pounc]s? for the Erecting and Endowing of Wo?xestei % College in Oxford, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth!

TetefcrfeNp}«

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

ird'i The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, presented to the House a bill for the Relief ot Sir Redmond Everard, an Infant: And the same was received.

H's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

e. for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Poxvell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife, Daughter of the said Sir William Powell; and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gorges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To \xh\ch they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

i" cer- Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the Committee, to Lands in whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An adsmre, ^ct for vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Counties of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Lands Or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and fhat the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments ,: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ies Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish oiSt. Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of Jolm Hynde, late of Lyndon, Goldsmith, was committed, be made on Friday Morning next.

sr Ordered\ That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,

ery intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the

e‘ Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers

and Tenants, to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Culmstock, in the County of Devon, be read the Third time upon-Friday Morning next.

in Sir Rowland Gwynn, reported from the Committee, tQ

wn Silk, whom the Petition of divers Merchants, in and about the City of London, trading to ‘the Kingdom of Naples, and Vox*. 13.

Island of Sicily, w as referred, to examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House; That they had examined the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee do find, That, by the Act of the Second Year of the late King and Queen, all Thrown Silk, of the Island of Sicily, is prohibited to be brought into this Kingdom, but in English Ships, directly from the said Island.

And, in order to prove the remaining Allegations of the said Petition:

Mr. Slanyer, Mr. Hopegood, Mr. Leigh, and Mr. Thorole, testified, That, upon the Apprehensions of an approaching War, and for the Security of their Effects abroad,... were necessitated to order the samp to be sent to Legm'ne in Thrown Silk; whereby they have suffered a Loss of 25 per Cent.

That the whole Quantity of Silk does not exceed 120,000 Ounces; which amounts in Value, to about 80,060/.; whereof between 20 and 30 Bales of Silk are brought into this Kingdom directly from Messina to the Valup of 8,000l.;

That the Petitioners other Effects, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, undisposed of, upon the first Apprehension of the War, amounted to the like Sum of 80,000l. or thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bijl for importing Thrown Silk, according to the said Petition: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn and Mr. Coke do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fop continuing the present Sheriffs of England and Wales until the First Day of Hilary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner: And that Mr. Hohlyn, Mr. King, and Sir Joseph Jekyll, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade was read the Third time.

An Amendment being proposed to be made;

Pr.* L. to leave out " hereby," and insert, instead thereof, " thereby;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the inlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunfo.

Mr. Scobell, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed,

and the Residue were agreed, unto by the House.

Clause A, for the Warden of the Cinque Ports, and the Officers of the Court of Admiralty there, to enjoy such Rights and Perquisites as they bad before the making the Act, but subject to the Directions of the same, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J JJj; ] 24.

Tellers for the Noes,{ 40.

S.

Continuing Sheriffs on Accession of Q. Ann.

Greenland

Trade.

Privateers.

Balsall

Hospital.

Bagnall's

Relief.

Oath of Abjuration.

Salt Duties.

Lord Bo-phin's Provision.

Irish

Forfeitures.

864 ^9° — 30

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not extend to discharge the Arrears of the Duty of Priseage, or any Sums of Money for the same, payable by virtue of the Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties, for the Encouragement of Privateers;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Lists of the Ship's Company, after any Prize taken to be sent up:

And the same was read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsall, in the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Catharine Leveson. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Nicolas Bagnall Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate touching Provision to be made to quit the Trustees for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, of the Rents and Profits of the Estate of the Lord Bophin, be further adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 30° die A prills;

i° Annae Reginae.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, proceeded further in the Consideration of the Petitions relating to the Irish Forfeitures; which were referred to the Trustees in Ireland; and the Trustees Reports thereupon.

And the Trustees in Town attending;

They were called in:

And the Petition of Henry Westenra Esquire, in behalf of himself, and several others, Purchasers, under the Earl of Athlone, of the forfeited Estates of the late Earl of Lymerick, granted to the said Earl of Athlone by their late Majesties, and since confirmed by Act of Parliament in Ireland, being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the same related to the Earl of Limerick's Estate; who hatS a Bill depending touching the same.

The Petition of James Eustace, of Yeomanstozcne, Esquire,

0 Aprilis. A. 1702.

being read; and the Petition of Jasper Roth Merchant, of London, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Janies Eustace, as to the Moiety of the Estate, which Thomas Eustace, the forfeiting Person, was not in Possession of, so as to bar the Entail: And that Mr, Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Dame Alice Mullady Relict of Sir Antony Mullady, on behalf of herself, and her infant Sons by him, being read; and the Report of the Trustees thereupon:

And also the Petition of Sir William Russell Longhorn Baronet being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto;

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Dame Alice Mullady, upon her Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir William Russell, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Thomas Zee Esquire, and others, the Executors of Sir John Hely Knight, deceased, late Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas in /re-land, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Executors.

Ordered, That the said Relief be their Share of a Third Part of the Money allowed to Purchasers: And that Mr. Price and Mr. Gorges do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holfori and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for 1^, the Relief of Colonel Henry Lutterell, with relation to the Reiki forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Mitt? for the rebuilding and repairing the Pier of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Narcissus Lord Archbishop of Irish Dublin being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Lord Archbishop of Dublin, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in:

And the Petition of John Francis de Carcassonet Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, late Wife of Remigius Birmingham Esquire ...;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the Petitioners had not made any Proof before the Trustees thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Francis de Carcassonet, and his Wife;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Samuel Dopping Esquire being read;

The

i Ann.

30° Apr

The Trustees acquainted the House, That he had entered his Claim, and was relieved.

The Petition of John Knapp Gentleman*being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to*bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said John Knapp;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Walter Brough Esquire being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon:

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Brough;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Dame Eleanor Wandesjbrd, of the City of York, Widow, and Executrix, of Christopher Wutidesford Baronet, deceased, being read; and the Trustees Report thereupon;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the same related to the Estate of Sir William EUis; touching which the House had ordered a Bill to be brought in for the Relief of John Ellis Esquire.

Then the House proceeded to consider of the Petitions relating to the said forfeited Estates, which were presented to the House this Session, and ordered to lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration.

And the Petition of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Kingdom of Ireland being read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be prepared, and brought in, upon the Debate of the House: And that Mr. Har~ court and Mr. Guynn do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Major Christopher Wray being read;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Major Christopher Wray, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Mapas Esquire being read;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Mapas, according to the Prayer of Iris Petition: And that Sir Henry Hutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Hill Esqiuire, and Ellen his Wife, being read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon:

And they read a Letter to the House, as followeth; viz.

Chichester-house March 24th 1761.

Gentlemen,

WE think ourselves obliged, in Justice, to* recommend to you the unfortunate Case of Mr. Abel Butler Alderman of the City of Kilkenny; and do most heartily and unanimously make it our Request to you, if you think it proper, to lay it before the Parliament: It is the only Case of this or any other kind that we have thought fit to represent to you, though frequently importuned to that Purpose: And, indeed, we think it the most worthy of Compassion of any that has come to our Knowledge. It is as follow s: He has laid out his whole Substance, since the

VOL 13.

Year 1695, in lending Money, in paying a Fine for a Irish For-Lease, in purchasing in Incumbrances, and in making Im- feitures, provements on Part of the Estate of John Grace of Courts-towney in the County of Kilkenny: This he was induced to, by reason the said Grace was adjudged within Articles, was in the quiet Possession of his Estate, and recovered it from the King, by Petition of Right. Since the War, the said Grace claimed his whole Estate, before us, by virtue of a Settlement. We shall not trouble you with the several Points of Law, nor the other suspected Circumstances, upon hearing his Claim; but Only acquaint you with One bare Matter of Fact: Three Witnesses, which the Claimant produced to prove his Deed of Settlement, all swore positively, That DonoghEds\of Clancarthy, who was Trustee named in the said.....was present at the Execution

of it in Dublin, at the Time it bears Date, and gave several Directions about it. They being often severally asked,

Whether they were certain as to this Part of the Evidence, they all persevered in it: Counter to which, it was proved to us by the Lady Clanrickard, the said Earl's Sister, who appeared an unwilling Evidence; by his Nephew, one Mr. Donogh Carthy; and by an old Man, w ho was his Coachman at, and long before, his Death; That the said Earl was in London at the Time the said Deed bears Date, and near Twelve Months before. This was so evident, that even his own Counsel had toothing to object against it; and therefore the Trustees dismissed his Claim: Consequently, Mr. Butler is deprived of the Benefit of his Mortgage, his Purchase, his Lease, and his Improvements, they being all since the Forfeiture; by which Means he will be a Sufferer very near to the Value of 3,000l. if not relieved by the Parliament. And now you know his Case, w>e hope you need no other Inducement to do him all the Service you can; w*hich is the only Hopes he hath in repairing the Loss, which he could not avoid bringing upon him; and of maintaining himself* his Wile, and several small Children. We are,

Gentlemen,

Your humble Servants,

Cyril/ Wich, Tho. Baulins,

H. Shere, Wm. Fellmves,

J. Baggs, H. Longford,

John Trenchard, T. Harrison*

John Ishaniy To the Honourable Francis Annesly and James Hooper Esquires, Two of the Trustees for the Irishforfeitures, in London.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. tiill and his Wife; upon their Petition, by inlarging the Time for puttitog in their Claim before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace Esquire: And that Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Dame Arne Stapleton, Relict and Etecotrix of Sir WMiam Stapleton Barotoet, deceased, being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the said Lady Stapleton hath had a Decree made upon her Clairii before the Trustees.

The Petition of Goddart Earl of Atkkme being read;

The Trustees were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being madle, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Earl, upon his Petition;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ } 2

Tellers for the Noes,

2 6.

' I Sir William v

Mr. Jdmens, \

__ Mr. Gorges:

And the Voices being equal* Mr. Speaker declared with the Noes.

10 L

f,

866 30° Aprilis

So it passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Richard Rootk Esquire being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the same related to the Estate of the Lord Kingston; for whose Relief a Bill was depending.

The Petition of Alice Countess Dowager of Drogheda being read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Countess of Drogheda;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Dame Anne Stapleton being read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the same related to the Estate of the Lord Kingston; for whose Relief a Bill was depending.

The Petition of Laurence Fitzgerald, of Glonings, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Gentleman, being read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Fitzgerald, according to the Prayer of the Petition: And that Mr. Aylmer do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of John Lord Haversham being read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Lord Haversham, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr. Ogle do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Petitions, which had been offered, but not as yet presented, to the House, and read.

The Trustees being called in;

And the Petition of Peter Goodwyn Gentleman being presented to the House, and read;

The Trustees acquainted the House, That the same related to the Petition of the Executors of Sir John Hely; upon which a Bill was ordered to be brought in.

A Petition of Oliver Eustace, Son of Francis Eustacef late of the County of Kildare, in Ireland, Gentleman, being presented to the House; and read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Oliver Eustace, upon his Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

The Trustees being called in;

A Petition of Charles Trant being presented to the House; and read;

The Trustees were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Charles Trant, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr. Bridges do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen, who are to prepare the Bills for the Relief of John Mapas Esquire, and Charles Trant, do make them One Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next, when the Bills, relating to the forfeited Estates, are to be read, and reported.

Duty on Sale Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

of Joint ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Stock Shares. House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

— T Mali. A. 1702,

whom the Bill to prevent the Making of unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was committed; be^ made upon Tuesday Morning next.

D

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to l whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire was re-ferred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ki House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the Kings Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench, do then attend the said Committee, ]

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Mali;

1° Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

O IR John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the f*. O House a Bill for Exempting and Discharging 0iArthur ki French, and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, for the personal Estate of Iriell Farrell Esquire, deceased: And the same was received.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mount aguthA of Abingdon in Trustees, to be sold; and purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 14. L. 32. leave out " recited," and insert " raised."

Pr. 17. L. 24. after "Wells" insert "and East

ct mus?

Mr. Barnaby, according to Order, presented to the Goto House a Bill for the Relief of Ignatius Gold Merchant, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the same was received.

Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the Cont'a* House a Bill for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England and /Vales Until the First Day of Hilary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner: And the same was received.

Sir RotvUtnd Guynn, according to Order, presented to to the House a Bill for Importing into England Thrown Silk, of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorn in Italy: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Counties of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Lands or Rents, to be settled1 -to the same Uses; w as read the Third time. v Resolved\ That the Bill do pass.

. Ordei'ed, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do carry the Bill

to

i Ann.

i° Mail

6 7

to the Lords, and acquaint -them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An iogrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers and Tenants, to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Culmtock, in the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Drake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of Gloucester was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners perceiving, by the Votes, that there is a Bill brought into the House to confirm and prolong the Time of a Patent, granted to a few Persons, for Flowering and Embossing of Cloth: That the Art of Flowering Cloth was not first found out by any Person concerned in the said Patent, but by some of the Petitioners in the County of Gloucester: That the Embossing of Cloth, and Raising of Flowers, is, in some respects, rather a Prejudice, than an Improvement, of the said Art; viz. In hanging of Rooms, the Raising of Flowers will soon collect Dust, and thereby eclipse the Beauty of the Flower: And praying, no such. Bill may pass into a Law, to the Prejudice of the First Inventors of the said Art, or any other, who may, in any respect, improve the Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Sir Richard Onslotv reported, from the Committee, Greenwich to whom it was referred to examine and consider of the Hospital. Matter relating to Greenwich Hospital, the Matter which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee did receive divers Proposals for Raising of RevenuesTor the Building, and Supporting, of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich: But, this Season drawT-ing near to a Conclusion, there is little Probability that any of the said Proposals should take effect this Session:

The Committee, therefore, did not think, fit to order the same to be laid before the House; but that they should be left in the Hands of the Clerk of this House.

That the Committee, according to the First Instruction given them by this House, have inquired into what Provision was in the last War, and is now, made for the sick and wounded Seamen at the respective Ports, when they were, or shall be, brought sick or wounded on shore, as will appear by the Accounts thereof laid before the Committee by the late and present Commissioners of the Sick and Wounded, marked A, and B, and C.

That the Committee, according to the Second Instruction given them by this House, have proceeded to examine what Revenues and Money have been given to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and how the same have been applied:

And do find, That the Receipts of Monies by Mr.

Evelyn, Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Christmas One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, to the Sixth of March One thousand Seven hundred and One, to be as follows; viz.

s. d.

By Subscriptions and free Gifts - -- 4,788 o *8

Out of the Seamen's Wages - - - 56,23*5 16 3

From his late Majesty - - - , - 4,000 o o

Million Lottery Tickets, which was Part of a Fine of 19,500l. laid on the French Smugglers by

Parliament - -' - - - 9,808 0 0

And that the Payments in that time amounted to

Total

74,831 16 11 74,400 0 11

So there remains to Balance -

Remains by the said Balance, in Cash -

In Lottery Tickets, the Remainder of the Smugglers Fine

In Malt Tickets, by an unknown Hand - -

Due from his late Majesty -

That there is due, by Estimate, for Work performed from July to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and One - -

For Materials of Stone and Timber, brought upon the Place -

431 16 o

£ S. d.

431. l6 0

10,292 O 0

1.000 8.000 0 0

0 0 19,723 16 0

7,000 0 °] 12,000 0.0

5,000 0 0/

That the Committee, looking into the Contracts made between the Committee for the Fabrick of the said Hospital, and their Master Workmen, do find, That, in the Years 1696, and 1697, they contracted with Mr. rlho. Hughes, for new Brick-work, well and workman-like performed, with good Bond, handsome Joints, and carefully wrought, being reduced to Brick and Half, 1 /. 7 s. per Rod; and to be allowed 15/. and 301 for Scaffolding: That, by another Contract made with the said Mr. Hughes, 14th March 1694, he was then allowed 30$. and 32 s. per Rod, and 30/.' for Scaffolding, for the same sort of Work:

But that, upon one Mr. Richard Billinghurst's being brought into Part of the Bricklayers Work, as some of the Commissioners said, to beat down Hughes' high Prices, they, the 12th of March 1700, contracted with the said ' Billinghurst to do the same Work for 25, 26, and 28*. per Rod, and he to find Scaffolding; as Mr. Hughes was. to have 30.9. and 32 s. per Rod, with an Allowance of 15 and 301: for Scaffolding:

Upon which, it appeared, that Mr. Hughes, rather than leave the Work, by another Contract, made the 2d of VOL.13.

April 1701, which was the Day when Mr. Billinghurst's Contract was signed, did undertake to do the same Work, that he had before received 30 and 32* per Rod for, at Mr. Billinghurst's Prices; viz. 25, 26, and 28 s. per Rod, without any Allowance for Scaffolding:

Whereas the Committee was informed, That, in private Contracts, it was customary to allow 20 s. and 22$. per Rod for Brick-work; and, the thicker the Work, the cheaper it may be performed.

That the Reason of the Differences in the said Contracts being inquired into by the Committee, it was answered by some of the Contractors, That, at the First Beginning of the Work, there was publick Notice given, in 1696, for Undertakers to come in, and once in 1698; which Publication was put'into the Gazette, For Masons; and that they beat them down as low in their Prices as they could: The reason of Mr. Hughes s high Prices in 1694 was upon building the Hall, which w as a very high Building, without any Ilooring, as is in the other Building every 12 Foot:

That, by an Observation made by Mr. James, Deputy Surveyor of the Works (whose Business it is to make all

Admeasurements

868

I*-. — 2°

A. 170a,

Admeasurements there) upon Mr. Hughes* Profits in his in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for Pay-

Work, and which was said before the Committee; it aj>-peared, that Mr. Hughes, in Foundation-work, receives for 1 Rod 36 Foot - - - 1 13 10

His Charge for Workmanship in Labourers o 13 4

So that his clear Gain is Out of -

o

>3

10

inent of the Debts of John Hynde, late Goldsmith, of London, was committed, That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred, and beard the Petitioners: And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report

The which, Mr. Hughes said, was an uncertain Estima- he adjourned until Tuesday Morning next, tion; and that, if his Profit was considerable in the Foundation, it lessened proportionably in the Raising of the Building; and that he was obliged, by his Contract, to fill the Joints with Putty, and beat all the Mortar.

It appeared that the said Mr. Hughes, for his Part of

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for making good the Supply Bill; Deficiencies; and preserving the publick Credit; be read Deficiencies the Third time upon Monday Morning next. "4

and piulick Credit.

3,542

8

the Bricklayers Work, has received There has likewise been paid to the Mason, from 1695 to 1701

To the Carpenter in the same time To the Plumber in the same time -To the Joiner -To the Pitcher, for Tiles Mr. Janies, Deputy Surveyor, being examined, said, That he has had the Surveying of the Brick-work for

30,740 8,524 2,552 2,603 . too

12

2

9

*9

o

9k 91 3 i 5i o

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and carrying Com, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mister?. of Hoys carrying Provisions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Estates given whom the Bill for better Discovery of the Lands, tosuper-Three Years, and never observed any Putty to be put and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; rt‘*ou*so* into the Foundation-work, and not much into other and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Works: That the Mortar was sometimes beaten; but not Hospital of Greenwich; was committed; be made upoa according to the Contracts, which he never saw till lately. Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Hughes the Bricklayer, being examined as to the Value of Putty, and beating Mortar, said, That to fill up The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Salt Duti«>. the Works with -Putty, according to die Contract, is Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re-worth 5 8.per Rod; and 3a. 4d. for beating the gulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr reported -from the said Committee, That

he. i"J2 Jft!

Mortar.

The Master and Wardens of the Plumbers Company, attending, laid before the Committee their Proposal, made in 1696, to the Commissioners for the said Hospital, for

giving all the Workmanship, and Solder for the Lead- they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and that

work, for the Hospital; as also their Report upon a View of Mr. Hales's sheathed Lead, made use of there, as appears by the Papers marked D, E.

Mr. Roberts said, That, in 1696, he was employed as Plumber in the Hospital, and was to have made a Contract; but the milled Lead-man was brought in by same other interest, and he was turned off, and his Pipes turned upon his Hands:

That the Work might have been done t s. in the Hundred Weight cheaper than it is; and is not performed according to the Contract; but is ill done; for in the Gutter, instead of turning the Water out, they were so laid, that the Water was turned inwards; and the Seams lie so open, that the Rain will rain the Roofs; and must be taken up in Seven Years time:

That the Building was but about Five or Six Foot high when Mr. Hales* Contract for the milled Lead was made; and the Lead was not made use of till the Year following.

That the Committee, according to the Order of this House, did go down, and inspect the Works of the Royal Hospital of Greetm ich:

And do find tire whole Pile of Building to be well performed, as to the Masons, Bricklayers, Carpenters,

they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2* die Maii; l* Anns Regiijoe.

W(

Mr

M

M'

Peat ers.

R. Eyres, according to Order, presented to the Hill's Relief. House a Bill for the Relief of John Hill Esquire, and his Wife, by inl&rging the Time for putting in their Claim before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace Esquire: And the same was received.

Mr. Gorges, according to Order, presented to the Hely'sReM

_ __________ House a Bill for the Retirf of Thomas Lee Esquire, and

and Joiners, Work; but there appeared some Defects in others, Executors of Sir John Hely, and Peter Goodwyn

Jew# Protestant Children.

Hynde'#

Estate.

the Lead over the Pavision: But all the other Roofs are very well covered with milled Lead; the Flats containing Ten Pound to a Foot; the Slopes, Eight Pound to a Foot; and the Gutter, Ten Pound to a Foot

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of foe House.

Ordered, That Sir Jeffery Jfferyes, and Mr. Jefferyes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bist for oblige-ing the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children is committed.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom foe Bill for enabling Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in foe Parish of

Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Irehuid:

And the same was received.

Mr. Bruges, according to Order, presented to the Mapav' House a Bill for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John R*lieC Mapat Esquire: And the same was received.

Resolved, That this House do now proceed upon the Earl Clan-adjourned Debate, in relation to foe Bill for making Pro- "ward's,&c. vision for foe Protestant Children of the Earl of r0Vlslon'

card and foe Lord Bophin.

The House resumed tire adjourned Debate accordingly:

And an ingrossed Clause being otiered, as a Rider, pursuant to foe Directions of foe House, for acquitting the Trustees;

2 The

i Anh.

2° Mali. 869

The same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children Of the Earl of Clanrkcard and the Lord Ordered, That Mr. Bruges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Mr. S|>eaker,

fowell'* The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by

this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Powell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife, Daughter of the said Sir William Powell; and to enable William III I Hams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as be shall marry. Also, g,rl of The Lords have agreed to !the Bill, intituled, An Act

Knetrr't for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands of John late Estate. Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, and Performance of the Will, of tire said Earl, without any Amendments. Also,

Exeter The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by

Deanery this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers and Tenants, to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Cul/nstock, in the County of Devon. Also,

Sudbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'Workhouses, for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then they withdrew.

Mr. Aylmer, according to Order, presented to the FitzGerald's House a Bill for the Relief of Laurence Fitz Gerald, with Re,ief< relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the same was received.

Mr. Bruges, according to Order, presented to the Domville's House a Bill for the Relief of Sir Thomas Donrcille, with Relief-relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the same was received.

Mr. Bridges, according to Order, presented to the C. Trout's House a Bill to reverse on Outlawry against Mr. Charles Relief.

Trant: And the same was received.

A Bill for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Pro- Spring'* testant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in Relief, respect to their real Improvements, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Sir Redmond Everard, an Eward's Infant, was read the First time. Relief.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Exempting and Discharging of Arthur French, French's and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for Relief, the Irish Forfeitures, for the personal Estate of Iriel Farrell Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Ignatius Gould Merchant, with Gould's relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Rellef-First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief of John Hill Esquire, and his Wife, Hill'* Relict by inlarging the Time for putting in their Claim before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

j^l of Resolved, That the House do now proceed upon the ad-

Carlingford'g, joumed Debate upon the Clause to the Bill for the Relief Ac. Relief, of Francis Earl of Carlingfotd, and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary, in Ireland.

And the House resumed the adjourned Debate accordingly:

And the Clause being withdrawn, by Leave of the House; another was offered, instead thereof:

Which was twice read, with a Blank therein, which was filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to acquit the Trustees of the Rents:

And the same w as thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Saving of others Rights:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill:

P. L. # to insert " and continue a Protestant P. lastL. to leave out " Kingston," and insert Cahir

L. the same Amendment:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill funended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Fraticis Earl of Carlingford, and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Voj.. IS.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he was convention commanded, by her Majesty, to lay before this House a with the Convention between her Majesty, the Emperor, and the Emperor and States General, about declaring War against France and ^ou*de'clar-Spain, with a Translation thereof: jug War.

And he presented the same to the House:

And the said Translation was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

WHEREAS, in the Third Article of the Alliance between him Imperial Majesty, his Majesty,

and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, concluded the Seventh of September in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, it was stipulated, That they should employ Two Months to endeavour to obtain, in an amicable Way, a reasonable Satisfaction for his Imperial Majesty, in relation to the Spanish Succession; and for his Britannick Majesty, and the said Lords the States General, a particular and sufficient Security for their Kingdoms, Dominions, and Provinces:

That these Two Months are long since elapsed, without seeing the least Appearance of an Accommodation: That, on the contrary, the most Christian King continues resolved to keep the whole Monarchy of Spain intirely for his Grandson, and to unite it closely with the Monarchy of France: That, to this End, these Two Powers join their Arms in Italy, and in the Netherlands: That the Troops of France have since invaded, and seized, all the Country of Cologne and Leige; and they fortify themselves there, in like manner as they do in all the Spanish Low Countries: That, by these means, the keep they United Provinces blocked up: And, moreover, the French King threatens to attack them with his numerous Armies, unless the said Lords the States General do what he desires;

Now, the said Allies, not judging it convenient to suffer themselves to be deluded any longer, have agreed, pursuant to the Fourth Article of the said Alliance, to join their Forces, and to declare War, by Sea and by Land,

10 M against

v

Officers in the Army.

Renewing Army Commissions free of Charge.

Address on the Declaration of War.

870

against the most Christian Ifing, and his Grandson: And this Declaration shall be made at the same time, the -^yth Day of May of the present Year One thousand Seven hun»-died and Two, on the Part of his Imperial Majesty, in all his hereditary Countries; on the Part of her Britamiick Majesty in all her Kingdoms, Dominions, and Countries^ end, on the Part of the said Lords the States General, through the whole Extent of their Territories.

In Witness whereof, Six Copies have been made of this Convention; Two of which are signed by the Plenipo*-tentiaries of his Imperial Majesty, One at London, and the other at the Hague; Two others by the Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, at London; and the remaining Two by the under-written Deputies of the States General, at the Hague: And the Plenipotentiaries and Deputies have set their Seals thereunto. Done atthe Hague, the 18th of April 1702*

(L. S.) J. Ham.

(L. S.) F. B. de Reede*

(L. S.) A. Heinsius.

( L. S.,) W. de Nassau.

(L. S.) De TVeede.

(L. S.) JV.Haren.

(L. S.) B. Welvdde.

(L. S.) J. de Drews.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House for her Majesty's having been graciously pleased to communicate her Intention of declaring War, in Conjunction with her Allies, against the French King, and his Grandson; and to assure her Majesty, That this House will, to the utmost, assist and support her Majesty in carrying on the said War.

Ordered, That a Committees be appointed to draw up the said Address:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Conyers, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Colonel Granville, Lord Hartington, the Earl of Ranelagh, Mr. &L John, the Lord Spencer, Mr. Harcourt; or any Three of them; to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to draw up the said Address.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That no Person be an Officer, in England or Ireland, in her Majesty's new-raised Forces, but such as were born in England, Scotland, ox Ireland, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, or of English Parents, unless they were before in Half-pay;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,) 91-

Tellers for the Noes, } 94-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that such Commissions, as shall be renewed to the Officers of her Majesty's Army, may be without Fee or Charge.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

' Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee appointed to withdraw, and draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is 6s followeth; viz.

A. 170a

Moat Graxrious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and* loyal Subjects, the Commons, of England, in Padiameat assembled, beiDg highly sensible of your Majesty's great and tender Care for the Safety and Welfare of Your People, do, with One Voice, return, your Majesty our most humble Thanks for Your gracious Condescension, ii> communicating to us Your Royal Intentions of declaring War, ia Conjunction with Your Majesty's Allies, against the French King, and his Grandson: And we do heartily as sure your Majesty, That v;e will, to the utmost, enable Your Majesty to carry on the said War.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address to be pie- V sented to her Majesty. (2i

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her ft Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

A Bill for the Relief of Thomas Lee Esquire, and others, Executors of Sir John Hely, and Pater Goodtvyn Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John Majw Esquire, was read the First time. Ik

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Laurence Fitzgerald, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the M First time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ogle, according to Order, presented to the House y a Bill for the Relief of John Lord Havershm, with rela- ibdi tion to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: And the same was received.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Onder, presented to, the House a Bill for the maldng the provision, out of the for- W feited Estates in Ireland, for the building Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages, in Ireland, more effectual:

And the same was received,

A Bill for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domxille, with re- ifci lation to the forfeited Estates hi Ireland, was read the to First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the House F*ia'i a Bill for the Relief of James Eustace, of Yeomans Ttion] to with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland: Andth$ same was received.

A Bill for the Relief of Cftarles Trant, with relation to c. Trail the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the First time. -to.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of John Lord Havershan, with u<i relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was, read, the First time. to.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second brne*,

A Bill for the making the Provision, out of the forfeited Ckisi Estates in Ireland, for the building Churches, and aug- to menting small Vicarages, in Ireland, more effectual, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of James Eustace, of Yeomm tats Town, with relation to the forfeited Estates ia Inland, \m to read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bills, relating to the Irish forfeited ]rhh Estates, which should have been read" a Second time this

13-

a® Mail.

'Anm> a® — 4°-^5 Maii.871

Day, be read a Second tkne upon Tuesday Morning next: . Mr. Comptroller acquainted -the House,' That her Queen sp-

And, afterwards, that the Reports be received of such Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by points to be Bills as have been committed: And that, afterwards, the this House this, Afternoon at Five a Clock, at the Palace atteu e ingrossed Bills be read. at St. James$.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 4° die Maii; l9 Annas Reginas.

Prayers.

A "\/f R* Brewcr> according to Order, reported from the y# JhVJL Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of sions# certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Esses, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, ope by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the City of London:

And the same was once read , and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

an A Bill for the importing into England Thrown Silk of

jwp Silfc. the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorn in Italy, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

tinuing A Bill for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England riffs on and Wales until the First Day of Hilary Term next, °* un^ess ^er Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

inter's A Rill for the continuing the Imprisonment of # Counter,

Impri- end others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the

rnent. pers0Q Gf his late Sacred Majesty King William the

Third, was read a Second time:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Bernard," and inserting " Bernardi instead thereof:

And the same w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

ie Clerk Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver to deliver the present Commissioners for taking and stating the i^ers to publick Accounts of the Kingdom, the Books and Papers

mi mis- which were, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Nine-

>ners of ty-seven, delivered to him, by Order of the House, by :counts. the then Commissioners of Accounts.

oney for A Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for the

painug Repair of Churches and Chapels was read a Second time.,

lurches, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gxvynn, Sir Jo. Mordant, Mr. Pitfeild, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Renda, Sir Fran. Blajce, Mr. Parker, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Barrell, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Har-court, Lord Orrery, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Carter, Mr. St. Loe, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Conyers, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Fran. Mas$am+ Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Pemberton, Lore} Qoningsby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Styles; and all that serve for Wales: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this After-, jioon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Xql. 13.

Ap ingrossed Bill for making good several Deficiencies; Supply Bill; and preserving the publick Credit; was lead the Third

time. e Credit.

And an ingrossed Clause being offered, as a Rider, relating to the Transport Service, and Officers;

Ordered, That the Clause be brought up.

The Clause' was brought up; and read twice, with Blanks; and the Blanks were tilled up by the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mlers fc, U,eVe^"f*^ }

Tellers forte Noes, ^.0^:} 66‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Third time; and agreed untp by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill1; viz.

Press.* L. to leave out " One thousand

Press L. to insert " lately

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for pre^-serving the publick Credit.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greenland for the inlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade, rlracle.‘ without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to Bury's make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphry Bury, for Estate, ' paying off a Mortgage/ and Portion charged thereupon, with several Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Salt Duties, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mornr Duty on Salt ing next, after the said Committee, resolve itself into a JoJ"tK Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying btoc arM# a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining, for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5° die Maii} l® Annae Reguue.

P RAY EllS.

O RDERED, That the Committee, to wftom the Money for Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for the repairing Repair of Churches and Chapels, was cojpynitted, have Churches, Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning* -t

A Bill for the Relief of John Ellis Esquire, with rela- Wilis' tion to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time. 1 Relief. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Wolseley*#

Bradfthaw'f

Railed

Fox's

Relief.

Harris*

Relief*

Jf. Trant's Relief

Ditto.

Frotestant Purchasers of Irish Forfeitures.

871

5° Mali, . 1703.

Resolved, Thtft the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowagefr of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Ordered That the Consideration of the Petition of Dame Eleanor Wandesford, formerly presented to the House, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Captain Wolseley, and other Protestant Lessees of the private Estate in Ireland, by making Provision for paying back all the Monies by them paid for Fines, and the Expences they have been at in Improvements, was read ft Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out of the Bill the Clause directing the Improvements to be ascertained by Juries: And that they do provide, that the Monies for the said Improvements be a Charge upon their Estates, in the nature of a Statute Staple.

A Bill for the Relief of Caesar Bradshaw Esquire, by giving him longer Time to prosecute his Claim entered before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Barones* Dowager of Upper Ossoiy, and Captain James Rock, wife relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do allow One-third Part more of the Purchase Money to such of the Purchasers as claim under the Grant of the Earl of At ft lone.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That the said Third Part be only to such Lands as remain vested in the Trustees, free from any other Claim.

Jtk1

1 Oc'i

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Add*, Majesty, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House, for her great Zeal for the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, expressed in her Majesty's late Order in^ Council, directing the Princess Sophia to be prayed for.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, upon their Aum Address being presented to her Majesty Yesterday, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House, for communicating to this House her Royal Intentions of declaring War, in Conjunction with her Majesty's Allies, against the French King, and his Grandson, her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer \ viz.

Gentlemen,

I am extremely pleased with the Assurances of your Resolution to assist and support Me in this War: I make no Doubt but your Unanimity, upon this Occasion, will have a very good Effect, for the Encouragement of our Allies.

A Bill for the Relief of Sir Stephen For, by allowing him further Time to make and enter his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Catharine Harris, alias Kife, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bill for making Provision for the Family of John Trant, eldest Son and Heir of Sir Patrick Trant, deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum out of the Estate to the Publick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the the Bill be committed to the Corn-tee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Ordered, That it bb an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care to confirm the Grants or Endowments made, or intended to be made, for the Benefit of the Protestant Churches and Schools at Portarlington.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do leave the Blank in the Bill, for what is to be paid for the Estate, to be filled up by the House.

A Petition of Dame Anne Stapleton, Relict and Executrix of Sir William Stapleton Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, for the same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned ± was I?ad a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for incorporating Persons to make Acquisitions:

And the same was read thrice; and upon the Question 1

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be mail* 1

Part of the Bill. ]

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to prevent Masters of Ships compounding for their Vessels and Goods:

And the same was twice read; and amended by tin House i

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the Relief of Catharine O Bryen Widow, OBryeas and her Children, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory. and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esquire, with MitM* relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time. Mi*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, w as committed.

A Bill for the Relief of William Spencer Esquire, with SpW§ relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the bish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bil|

i Ann*

6' Mali. 873

A Bill for the Relief of Francis Plunkett Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Sir Rowland Gwynn, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire, w as referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he rend in his Place; and afterw ards delivered irk at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, the First Business.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Maria Eufemia Countess of Lyme-rick, and Thomas Earl of Lymerieke, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had considered the Petition of Arthur Bush, and others, to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the ... which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them* agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Ordered, That the other Reports of the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, w'hich should have been made tins Day, be made upon Thursday Morning next: And afterwards the ingrossed Bills to be read the Third time: And that then the Bills, which were read the First time upon Saturday last, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greemcich; was committed; be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell certain Messuages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of St Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for the Payment of the Debts of John Ilynde, late of London, Goldsmith, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Making of unwholsome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Maii; i° Annas Reginae.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to declare the Alteration in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for -declaring the Association to be determined*

Vol. i.j. y

And the same, being read, are as follow J viz.

Clause A: That the Test and Oaths to be taken pursuant to the Statute i° Willielmi et Marice; and making and subscribing the Declaration, pursuant to the Statute 250 Car. II.; may be in the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer; and for lengthening the Time for Officers to do the same in.

Clause B: That whereas Dissenters, called Quaker's, scruple to swear, or take an Oath, in any Case, it enacts.

That they shall be exempted from the said Oath; but, instead thereof, that they shall make a solemn Declaration, prescribed, in the Clause, in the same Words as the Oath, leaving out only the Word swear, abjure, Abjuration; and, upon the true Faith of a Christian. So help me God:

And further enacting* That those People shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for neglecting or refusing to make and subscribe the said Affirmation, as other Persons refusing or neglecting the Oath,

Clause A being thrice read;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause B being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rp 11 r ,1 xr CSir Francis Blake,

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, . upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Lord Cfieine, Mr. Cox, Mr. Conyers, Mr. King,

Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Carter, Sir Rowland Gwynn, the Earl of Dysert, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Owen; or any Five of them:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to BacoWs, whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Nat. Act for naturalizing Thomas St. Lcgcr de Bacolon, Joseph deLanney, Alexander de Raquel des Fourntaux, and others, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Sudbury Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,. Workhouse#. An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Tow n of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

And the same, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as foi-loweth; viz

Pr. 10. L. 14. leave out u final."

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the stone'# Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Estate.

An Act for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone, of Baldwyn Brightwell, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, in his Family and Name.

And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Pr. L. 18. for " Charlford" read " ChallfordT L. 34. for " Chaljord," read " Chalkf brd.'9

14 P. 19. L. for " Loyalties," read " Royalties/'

10 N Ordered

44-}

53-

874

6° Maii. A. l'joi.

ttory'f

EsfcaU.

Water Measure of Fruit.

Ordered, That Mr Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphry Bury, for paying off a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon.

And the same, being twice read, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 4. for " and, " read " an."

Pr. 5. L. 26. leave out the Second " his."

L. 28. for " Huntshawread " Huntsham end, after u Esquire," insert " Sam. Rolle, of Heanton, 44 in the said County of Devon, Esquire, and Nicolas Hooper, Serjeant at Law."

38. after " Beer? add 41 Samuel Rolle, " Nicolas Hooper."

Pr. 6. L. 17. after " Beeradd " Samuel Rolle, " Nicolas Hooper."

Ordered, That Mr. Bere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Water Measure of Fruit.

And the same, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

1 Pr. 7. L. instead of the Word " Kings," insert " Queen's."

Ordered, That Colonel Colchester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mountain ,r Earl of Abingdon, in Trustees, to be sold; and purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased, to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the I. Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed f to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The Lord Cheine reported from the Committee ap-0.,; pointed to withdraw, and draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to re- P

port to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read twice; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The People called Qualcers, being incapable of any Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, in respect whereof the Abjuration of Oath is to be taken, cannot be liable to any Forfeitures, upon their Refusal of the Abjuration, if the same should be tendered to them; Wherefore your Lordships Amendment, Clause B, seems unnecessary.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheine do go to the Lords, Co*bi

and desire the said Conference.

bri.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ,llt. to enable the Trustees of James Hunt Esquire, deceased, kt* to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Wiredrawers The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Trade. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending the Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better Making of Gold and Silver Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers.

And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Press, 10 L. for " King," read Queen."

14 L. for " his," read her."

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lotds, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Tempest's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Lstate. vest severai Lands and Tenements, in the County of

York, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Subsidies and for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by divers Subsidies, Land Tax. and a Land Tax, without any Amendments: And also. Supply Bill; To the Bill, intituled, An Act for making good Defi-Deficiencies clertcies; and preserving the publick Credit; without Soft any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act y\m$y to enable Edurtt'd Mansell Esquire, to raise a further Sum But of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage on the Impropriated Rectory of Llanriddian, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mansell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Levari and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the'Amendments, made by Earl of this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting ccr- Abingd«i tain Lands and Tenements of Mountague Earl of Ahing-tsUte* don in Trustees, to be sold; and purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the sume Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bammib for the enabling Abraham Barncwell to make a more ample Settlement of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Family; and to charge Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children, in his Life-time; and for Payment of his Debts; was read the Third time.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill, by leaving out "charge," and inserting sell

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with 6ome Amendments: To which they desire their Lordship&^oncurrence.

i Ann. 6° Maiu875

pee The Lord Chcine reported, That, lie having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference accordingly; and appoint the same Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Tainted Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act n- for the better Improvement of Suffolk Place, in the Bo-tmt. rough of Southvcarke, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

ns An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands, in the Counties of Surry and Sussex, the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gemleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages, and other Debts, clrarged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson-, and settling his Estate, upon his said Wife, and her Children by him, clear of Incumbrances; w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

>p of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act cester's to enable the Bishop of Gk ucester, and his Successors, to Ch make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, and Premises, therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

let's The Lord Chcine reported from the Committee, to

te* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lands of Henry Pawlet, a Lunatick, in order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and next Relations, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Chcine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

yal Assent A Message from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr, Speaker,

The Queen commands this Honourable House to attend her Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax:

An Act for making good Deficiencies; and preserving the publick Credit:

An Act for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms c*r England and Scotland:

An Act to explain and alter the Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning repairing and amending Bridges in the Highways; and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-Voi* 13,

third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for re-edifying Cardffc Bridge, in the County of Glamorgan; and also for' changing the Day of Election of the Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge:

An Act for making the River Daru ent, in the County of York, navigable:

An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Tow n and Port of Whitby, in the County of York:

An Act for the inlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade:

An Act to ascertain the Water-measure of Fruit:

An Act for continuing and amending the Act, mad© in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better Making of Gold apd Silver Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers:

An Act for confirming a Purchase made by her Majesty, and an Exchange between her Majesty and the Dean and Canons of the King's free Chapel within the Castle

Windsor:

An Act for Sale of certain Manors and Lands of John late Earl of Exeterfor Payment of the Debts, and Performance of the Will, of the said Earl.

An Act for the Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation ta the Irish Forfeitures:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Attingham, in the County of Salop; and settling a Farm, called Sally Hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of Temple Laum, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for charging the Estate late of William Adams Esquire, deceased, with Portions and Maintenances for IViL Ham Adams and Elizabeth Adams, his younger Children: An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soame Gentleman, and Dorothy his Wife; and for applying the Monies, raised thereby, for Payment of his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary and William Soame, Two of their younger Children:

An Act to enable Robert Aprecce the elder, and Ro^ bert Aprcecc the younger, Esquires, to raise Money out of their Estate, for Payment of a Debt due to -her Majesty, and other Debts:

An Act for Confirming and Settling of divers Charities given by the last Will of Job Marston Gentleman, deceased

An Act for the Relief of Thomas Kcightley Esquire* with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

An Act to enable Geffcry Palmer Esquire to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth *

An Act for the Relief of Hannah Maedonnell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

An Act for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bdlew, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:-

An Act for the Relief of Edzcard Singleton Esquire* with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

An Act for vesting the Estate of William Matthews Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to b© sold for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsall, in the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Catharine Lcveson:

An Act for the Relief of Nicolas Bagnail Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

An Act for the Relief of Colonel Luttercli, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers and Tenants, to make Leases of, and in, the Manor of Culmstock, in the County of Devon:

An Act for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone, of Baldvyn Blight well, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, in his Family and Name:

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Powell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John William.> and Dame

Mary

Salt Duties.

Barbadoes

Government.

876 o 1702,

Mary his Wife, Daughter of the said Sir JVUlimn Powell; and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry:

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Tenements, in the Counties of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Lands, or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphrey Bury, for paying off a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon:

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County, of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the Raising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an Infant:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Mountague Earl of Abingdon, in Trustees, to be sold; and purchasing other Lands, of equal Value; and limiting the Lands to be purchased, to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are limited:

An Act to enable the Trustees of James Hunt Esquire, deceased, to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies:

An Act to enable Edzrard Mansell Esquire to raise a further Sum of One thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriated Rectory of Llanriddian, for. Payment of Debts.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better Curing of Fish, and Preserving of the Pilchard and other Fishery.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telia* for the Yeas,}

Tellers for, he Noes, } *.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire w as referred.

And the said Report w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Petitioner, in order to prove his Allegations in his Petition, and the Articles thereunto annexed, containing divers Accusations against the Lord Grey, late Governor of Barbadoes, and the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, delivered in to the Committee a List, a great Number of Memorials, Answers, Replies, and other Papers, the which he desired might be laid before the Committee, by the said Commissioners of Trade, for him to have recourse to the same, in making good his Charge: Which w'as ordered by die Committee; and the said Papers were laid before them accordingly; and Mr. Hodges was, at his Request, permitted to have Copies of such of those Papers he thought fit to ask for, and Perusal of the rest.

In the Preface of the said Articles, the Petitioner alleges, That, in the Island of Barbadoes, the Custom and Usage . is, that the Court of Chancery should be held monthly, and continue to sit as many successive Days as the Business before them requires: And the said Court should be called or summoned by the Governor's Order; and that, without his Presence and Assistance therein, no Court should be held: And the Court of Errors hi that Island is, in like manner, to be called and held by the said Governor and Council:

That the late Governor, the Lord Grey, landed in that Island on or about the 26th Day of July; and, during the time of his Government, there were several Hundred Causes depending in the said Court of Chancery, as appears to the Petitioner by the Information in Writing of Mr. John Knap ton, delivered, by him, to the Lords Commissioners of Trade, on the 3d of January 1700; and by a Letter from Edward Chilton Esquire, Attorney General of the said Island:

To prove which, the Petitioner referred to his late Majesty's Instructions to the Lord Gray, as Governor; whereby it appeared to be Part of the Instructions, for the Governor not to displace any of the Judges, Justices, or other Officers, without Cause to he signified to his Majesty, and to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations:

That the Petitioner also referred to his late Majesty's Commission to the Lord Gray, as Governor; whereby it appeared, the Governor had full Power given him to suspend any of the Members of the said Council from sitting, voting, or assisting the rein, if he should find just Cause; and also to susj end any of the said Deputy Governors of the said Island from the Execution of their Commands, and to appoint Others in their stead, till his Majesty's Pleasure should be known:

As also, the said Governor had Power, with the Advice and Consent of the Council, to erect, constitute, and establish, such and so many Courts of Judicature, and publick Justice, within the respective Islands, as he should think fit, for the Hearing and Determining of all Causes, as well criminal as civil, according to Law and Equity; and for Awarding of Execution thereupon:

That the Petitioner referred likewise to the Answer of the Commissioners of Trade, concerning Courts of Justice, pursuant to an Order of the House of Commons, of the 2d of April 1701; whereby it appeared, That, to the end a strict and continual Care might be taken in all Matters relating to the Administration of Justice in that Island, the Governor was required to send to the said Commissioners a Copy of the Register and Minutes of the Court of Chancery, and of the Minutes and Business done as a Court of Errors, since his Arrival in that Island; as also, a particular Account of all Causes, Injunctions, and Decrees, made in the Chancery; and a particular Account of all the Days of that Court, and all other Courts sitting in that Island; and that all Courts should be held, for the Dispatch of Business, as Occasion should require; and that sudi Account should be returned by the Register, or other proper Officer, upon Oath, as by the Paper marked (A) will more fully appear; which Paper is as follows; viz.

(A:) And, to the end that a strict and continual Care might be taken in all Matters relating to the Administration of Justice in that Island, w7e sent to Mr. Gray the following Directions; viz.

That he should send to us a Copy of the Register and Minutes of the Chancery, and of the Minutes and Business done as a Court of Errors, since his Arrival in that Island:

That he should send a particular Account, and List, of all Causes that now stand entered in the Chancery, or are depending the re; and how long each of them has been so depending:

An Account, likewise, specifying each Day of the Month that a Court of Chancery, and a Court of Errors, hath been held, and how many successive Days that Court has at any time continued to sit, since his Arrival at that Government: In which Account the Proceedings of each Day are also to be set clown severally, and the Names of such Members of Council, as attended each Day, inserted:

An Account how many final Decrees have been made there, since his Arrival; how many Injunctions granted; howamuy dissQlved; and how many remain still in Force:

G

i Ann. 6° Mail.877

And whereas, by an Act of that Island, made in the being the n, and afterwards, very sickly for some Months, Barbadoes Year 1661, the Five several Courts of Common Law his Excellency being himself much afflicted with Sickness Government, have certain Days appointed for their Sitting: That we soon after his Arfivd, it happened by that means, that no expected from him a particular Account how many of other Court of Chancery was held afterwards until the the said Days each of the said Courts hath sat since his 25th Day of January following; it being, withal, the entering upon that Government; together with an Ac* Vacation-time; and had Causes, brought by Injunction, count of the Business they have done each Day, copied been heard, the Parties would not have been much the from their Minutes: better for it; because the Courts of Law are silent here

These Accounts to be fully and plainly given by the from September to the latter End of January: But the Registers, or other proper Officers, of the respective Governor having pretty well recovered his Health, in the Courts, and sufficiently attested: ' Month of January' 169-f, there were held Two Courts;

And that we further expected, that, for the future, he whereat several Causes, Demurrers, and other considerable should hold the Court of Chancery as often, and for so Business, was heard and determined: After which time, long time, as should be requisite for Dispatch of the several the Court held monthly, at die least, to the 20th of Causes depending before the Court; and that an exact March ^4|-g-, and dispatched a great deal of Business, as Account should be always kept of the Names of such of may be seen by the*List of Causes, DemuiTers, and other the Council as do give their Attendance during the Sitting Matters, heard and determined, and hereunto annexed, of the said Court; so that the Register, or other proper and sworn to by the Register of the said Court, ex-Officer, may be able to give a particular Account there- cepting the stated, Day for the Courts Holding in June of, on Oath, from time to time, if the same shall be re- 1699; at which time, the Court of Grand Sessions, held quired: by Appointment of Law, and the said stated Day in

That the Petitioner, in further Proof, likewise referred December, which fell on the.27th, being Holy-day; and himself to the Reply of the Council of Barbadoes to his also that for the 21st of February, when the Governor Complaint; whereby he charges, That the Court of happened to be sick.

Chancery had been adjourned for many Months together. In the Months of April, May, June, and July 1700, and little Business done for Three Years last past. the Sickness so raged in the Town, where the Court of

In answer to which* by the same Reply, it; is said, Chancery usually sits, and the Houses near all shut up;

That the Lord Gray arrived at Barbadoes 26th July and few or none of the Inhabitants thereof escaped it,

3698, being then a very sickly Time: However, he held many dying; so that neither Clients or Lawyers were a Court of Chancery on the 10th of August following; willing to attend their Business, for fear of it: Fof which it being customary to hold that Court once a Month; Cause, and that the Business of the Court might not be but, after that, by reason of the Sickness of the Country, impeded, there was a House appointed in the Country, with which the Governor was infected, there was no and several Courts within that time, ordered to be held;

Court held till January following; when Two Courts but the Lawyers being most of them sick during that were held, and considerable Business done; and, after time, they could not attend their Clients Business; and which time, the said Court was held monthly: therefore there was nothing done: But its Rage, soine-

That, in April, May, June, and July, 1700, the Sick- thing abating towards August, on the 7th of that Month, ness so raged in the said Town, where that Court usually the said Court held, and continued to hold, constantly every sits, that the Houses were near all shut up, and few or Month, and sometimes Three times in a Month, until all none of the Inhabitants escaped it, many dying; so that the Business thereof was fully heard and determined; which neither Clients nor Lawyers were willing to attend their was on the 20th of March 1700; w hen there remained Business for fear of it: For which Cause, and that the not one Cause, Plea, Demurrer, Petition, or Motion,

Business might not be impeded, there was a House ap- undetermined in that Court, then ripe, and set down on pointed in the Country; and several Courts, within that the List, for Hearing; except Two Causes only, that lay Time, ordered to be held; but the Lawyers being most upon an Advisare of the Court; which appears by the of them sick, they could not attend till August; upon the said Register's said annexed Certificate: By all which it 7th of which Month the said Court was held, and conti- is plainly manifest, that the Petitioner's First Allegation nued to be so monthly, and sometimes Three times in is most untrue, and groundless, in saying little Business One Month, until all the Business thereof tyas fully has been done in that Court for Three Years last past; heard, which was on the 20th of March 1700, when and that it meets and adjourns w ithout doing any thing: there remained not one Cause, Plea, or Demurrer, Pe- Nor does the Petitioner, though he pretends to be a tition or Motion, undetermined, then ripe, and set down Lawyer, consider, that some Causes, or Demurrers, will for Hearing; as will more fully appear by the Paper take up many Hours in the hearing the Arguments of marked (B); which follows; viz. Counsel on both Sides.

Copy of the First and Fifteenth Article of the Council Fifteenthly, That but Tw o Causes were heard in Eight of Barbadoes Reply to Mr. Hodges' Complaint. Months, and no Courts of Errors in all that time.

First, That the said Court of Chancery has been ad- This is as untrue as the rest concerning the Chancery; joumed for many Months together, and little Business for the Register's List, annexed, makes it appear, there done for Three Years last past never w as so little as Two Causes heard in Eight Months ':

In answer to which, it must be premised. That the And, as to the Court of Errors, the Journals of the Counsaid Court of Chancery is established by an ancient Sta- cil Books will shew what Proceedings have been made in tute of the Island, and consists of the Governor and that Matter; and that the Petitioner was never concerned Council for the Time being; whereof the Governor, or in any one Cause of Error; and therefore has no Cause Four or more Members of the said Council make a to complain thereof.

Quorum, or Court; and though the Governor is stiled The Petitioner, in his First Article, alleges, That the Chancellor, yet, in all judicial Hearings, he hath but a said Governor held his First Court of Chancery on single Vote; but, without the Governor, there can be no the 10th of August 1698, and held it not again till Court held; and though the Law limits no certain Time the 25th of January 1698, which is Five Months for the Sitting of the Court, yet the usual Practice for and Fifteen Days; for which neglect he had no just Holding of it is once in Four Weeks, to hear and deter- Excuse.

mine Causes, Pleas, Demurrers, Petitions, Exceptions to To prove which, he referred to the Minutes of the Masters Reports, and Motions, &c. Orders taken in Chancery since the Governor's Arrival

His Excellency the Honourable Mr. Grey arrived in to the 11th of April 17015 whereby it appeared, that this Island on the 26th Day of July 1698, being then a the Court of Chancery did not sit from the 10th of very sickly Time: However, he held a Court of Chancery August till the 25th of January following; though, in on ^he 10th of August following; wherein Thirty-three other Years, it appeared that Court did sit in the Months Motions were heard, in order to forward Business; but it of September, October, and November:

Vol. 13. 10 O A&d

878

6° Maii.

A. 1702!

Barbadoes And that, in that Year, it appeared the Lord Grey wark of the Protestant Religion, and the surest Safeguard Government. held several Councils in those Months that the Court of " T M

Chancery did not sit.

To which First Article it was answered for the Lord Grey, That the Reason why the Court of Chancery did not sit from the said 10th of August 1698, till the 25th January following, was from the Sickness of the Governor, Sickness of the Place, Unwillingness of the Lawyers and the People to attend: That it was Vacation-time for other Courts; and that no Person complained of any Injury done thereby.

To prove which;

Major Garth was examined: Who said, That he was in Barbadoes when the Lord Grey arrived there; and that, soon after his Lordship's Arrival, he was seized with the Sickness of the Country; inso much that they had great Apprehensions of his Life; and, upon his Recovery from the Sickness, he broke out with Boyls, which seemed to be little less contagious than the Plague: That he did not see the Lord Grey at any publick Entertainment, but the Cockneys Feast, which was about the 20th of August, from the 10th of August 1698, to the 25 January following; and that he did not hear of any Complaints, that the Chancery did not sit during that time: And that though the Lord Grey was sick, yet the Island w'as, as to Health, much as it used to be at other times.

Mr. Gibbs said, That he was in Barbadoes when the Lord Grey arrived there; and that his Lordship, soon after his Arrival, was taken with the Sickness, and broke out in Boyls; whereby his Life was in Danger: That he saw him Three or Four times between August and January 1698; once at the President's House, once at Colonel's Scott's, and twice at his Lordship's own House;

and that he did not hear of any Complaint, that the (Chancery did not sit at that time.

Mr. Eyles said, That he is one of the Agents for Barbadoes; and was ordered by the Assembly there, they hearing that Complaints were made to his Majesty against the Lord Grey, and, as he believes, by Mr. Hodges, to justify their Proceedings, and his Lordship's Government; and that they were entirely satisfied with his Lordship's Conduct therein:

' That being acquainted with several Persons who came from Barbadoes, he inquired of them concerning his Lordship's Behaviour in his Government; and they all gave him a very good Character; and said, there was not then any Complaint in the Island for want of Administration of Justice; and produced an Address to his Majesty from the Council, and General Assembly; which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Members of Your Majesty's Council and General Assembly of Your Island of Barbadoes, humbly implore Your Royal Leave, by this Opportunity of our Governor, the Right Honourable Ralph Lord Grey Baron of JVarke, to prostrate ourselves at Your Feet with our dutiful Acknowlegements, and Thankfulness for the great Care and Tenderness which Your Majesty hath, at all times, extended to these Your remote Dominions; not only rendering us safe against our Enemies hitherto, but happy in all other Circumstances; especially in that of sending that noble Lord to govern us, whose Wisdom, Moderation, and due Administration of our Laws, have made all Your Subjects here happy, during his Government over us.

And though his Lordship, on his private and weighty Affairs, hath obtained Your Majesty's Leave to come for Englandwe hope, and most humbly pray Your Majesty, that, if it may consist with Your Majesty's Royal Wisdom and Pleasure, it may not be the Occasion of our losing his mild and good Government over us for the future.

And that Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to receive from his Lordship in Favour of this Your poor Colony, a Memorial of such Matters which w>e have thought our Duty to lay before Your Majesty, for the Welfare and Safety of it.

That Your Majesty's sacred Life, and Reign, which is the greatest Security of Your Subjects, the strongest Bul-

of the Liberties of all Europe, may be long and t and that You may, at all times, triumph over all Your Enemies, in all Places, and be safe in Your Royal Person, against the private Machinations of all wicked designing Men; are the most ferventand zealous Prayers to Almighty God of,

May it please your Majesty,

Your Majesty's most loyal and most dutiful Subjects and Servants.

Mr. Turner, Solicitor General in the Barbadoes, said, That he went thither some time before the Lord Grey, and staid there till September last; and that, during his Stay there, according to his Observation, his Lordship did administer Justice according to the known Laws of the Island; and that his Lordship was sick for some time; and there were some Persons, who said, it was hard that the Courts were not held; but no Complaint was lodged.

Mr. Brookes said, That in February was Twelve-months, he went to Barbadoes, and carried with him an Account of the Complaint, made by Mr. Hodges to the House of Commons, against the Lord Grey: That he is acquainted with the most considerable Men in the Island; and they did blame Mr. Hodges; and said, he had no Reason to make any Complaint: That they did generally declare they were satisfied with the Lord Greys Government; and that he did not hear of any Complaint there against his Lordship for his Administration of Justice: But, as an Instance of the Dispatch of Business there, said, That he having a Bill in Chancery brought against him, to procure an Injunction to stay Proceedings at Law; which was granted; as also a Ne exeat Insulam, till he should answer; and, upon his the said Brooks' putting in his Answer, he obtained a Dismission of the Plaintiffs Bill in Two Days time from the granting the Injunction.

Dr. Parsons said, That the Lord Grey, soon after he came to the Island, broke out with Sores; which, he thought, were pestilential: That he had, at one time, about Thirty upon him, and that, as one Set dried up, another did rise, till towards January; and that his Lordship was reduced to great Weakness, and not fit for Business: That he often persuaded the Lord Grey not to ;o to the Town, for fear the Heat there should increase is Distemper; but his Lordship did sometimes reply, with some Passion, That he came there to do his Duty, and no Danger should fright him from it: That he never heard the Complaint against his Lordship, for not holding the Court of Chancery; and believes, there was not any one Person dissatisfied in the Island with his Government; and that, wheu his Lordship was so weak as not to be able to go to the Town, the Council sometimes met at his House, for Dispatch of Business: That his Lordship fell ill about Five Weeks after he came to the Island; and that between the Time of his Arrival and January following, he used to go Three or Four Times a Week to the President's House, which was about a Mile from his own, to take the Air, when he was able to do it; and that, when he came first to the Island, he lodged at the President's House.

Mr. Devoid Davis said, That, about Five Weeks after the Lord Grey came to the Island, he broke out with Boyls, which continued upon him, from time to time, till towards the Middle of January, and was not fit for Business during that time; for that he could not bear any Croud or Noise; and was often confined to his House a Week or more at a time, by reason of his Iudisposition.

The Petitioner, in his Second Article, alleges, That from the 26 January 1698, to the 5th of July 1699, which is Five Months and Nine Days, the Chancery sat but Two Days; so that in the First Year of his Government, there were Eleven Months, wanting Six Days in which the Court of Chancery sat but Four Days.

To prove which; the Petitioner referred to the Minutes of the Orders taken in the Chancery; whereby it appeared, that the Court of Chancery sat but Two Days, from the 26 January to the $ July following.

2 To

i Ann.

6 Maii.

To which Second Article it was ahsw^red for the Lord Grey, That though the Petitioner had picked out the Two Days between which there was the longest Recess of that Courts Sitting; yet by the same Minutes of Chancery, to which it was referred, it appeared that Court was held Six times in the Five Months the Petitioner mentions but twice, by his making the Days exclusive; for that the said Court was held 25, 26 January, 22d March, 19th of April, 17 May, and the said 5th July 1699.

The Petitioner, in his Third Article, alleges, That, in the Second Year of his Government, the Court of Chancery sat to hear Causes, and make final Decrees, but One Day in Eleven Months; and that it is, from the 7th September 1699, to the 7th of August 1700; and there is no just Excuse for more than Two Months of his Time.

To prove which he referred to the List of the Business heard and determined in Chancery, attested by the Register of that Court, upon Oath, and so certified to the Commissioners of Trade; whereby it appeared that Court sat but One Day, from the 7th of September 1699, to the 7th of August following.

And the Petitioner alleged the Sickness was over the 9th July; for that, upon that Day, it appeared, by the Minutes of Council, that a Thanksgiving was ordered to be upon the 25th of that Month, for their Deliverance from the Sickness:

And the Court of Common Pleas sat to do Business the 24th, 25th, and 26th of April 1700; as appeared, by the Proceedings of that Court, to which the Petitioner referred.

To which Third Article it was answered, for the Lord Grey, That it would, and did, appear by the Registers Certificate, that tho' the Chancery sat but One Day upon Causes after September till the Sickness in April, yet the Court sat, in most of those Months, upon Pleas, Demurrers, Petitions, Exceptions, Special Reports, and Motions.

And it appeared, that, in the Months of December and February, the stated Day in December happened to be a Holy-day; and, upon the stated Day in February, the Governor was sick.

And, to prove the Sickness began in April, and continued till August, Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. Beddingfeild: Who said, That, for the Months of April, May, June, and July, he several times passed through the Town, and met but very few People in the Streets, by reason of the Sickness; and most of the Shops were shut up those Months.

Mr. Chamberlaine said, That he did not live in the Town; but had Business to come thither very often during the said Months of April, May, June, and July, and saw scarce any Country Gentlemen in the Town, and met few in the Streets, but Corps carrying to be buried, and Doctors and Apothecaries; and most of the Shops were shut up, by reason of the Contagion.

The Petitioner, in the Fourth Article, alleges, That, from the time of the said Lord Grey's entering upon the Government of that Island, in July 1698, to the time when the Petitioner complained to his Majesty, which was in December 1700, the said Court of Chancery sat very seldom, and did very little Business on many of the Days on which they sat: On the 1 ith of September 1699, it sat, and heard but Two Common Motions, though so much Business was depending in that Court: The next Day it sat, was on the 4th of October 1699; and there were but Two Motions, or Demurrers, heard that Day; and then the Court adjourned for a Month; and, on several other Days, there were but a small Number of Motions, and many of them have been put off to other Courts; and sometimes more have been put off than have been heard, though the Court did commonly adjourn for a Month, and often for a longer Time; and many other great and unreasonable Delays were put upon Suitors by that Court.

To prove which he referred to the Minutes in Chancery; whereby it appeared,

That on the 1 ith of Septempher 99, the Court heard One Petition, and One Motion.

Vol. 13.

The 4th of October, Two Demurrers: Barbados

The 25th of January 1698, Five Motions: Government.

The 4th of September 1700, Seven Motions; and Two put off:

The 6th November 1700, Seven Motions; whereof Five were to refer Exceptions:

The 5th July 1699, ou* Thirty-two Demurrers,

Decrees, Petitions, and Motions, that came on that Day,

Fourteen were put off:

And that out of Twenty-one Causes and Motions, which came on 12 July 1699, Ten were put off;

And that a Motion was made for Costs upon the 10th August 98; and the same hung in the Court till the 2 2d March following, before the same was determined.

Colonel Cteland was examined on Behalf of the Petitioner: Who said, That there hath not been a free current Court of Justice in the Island of Barbadoes since Colonel Kendall's Government:

That he hath heard great Complaints there, of the Delay of Justice; and also from several in England; but knows not the Cause:

That the Courts were held constantly in Colonel Kendall's Time; and a Judge was turned out, upon Complaint to the Governor for neglecting his Duty in Holding of Courts: That he does not know of any Complaint made to the Lord Grey, of Delay of Justice in any of the Courts: That the Delay of Holding of Courts w as not greater in the Lord Greys Time than in the preceding Governments:

That in the Case of Bayly against Bayly, there was a Writ of Error depending in the said Island about a Year before the Lord Grey came to the Government there; and many of the Negroes were possessed by the Creditors, by several Decrees obtained before his coming thither; so that, had the Writ of Error been tried, the said Negroes could not have been restored, unless it had been before those Decrees were obtained:

That the said Writ of Error was not determined while he staid there; which was till April 1700; though such Writs were usually determined in Three Months time:

That he never did hear of any Complaints against the Lord Grey, in relation to Injunctions either unduly granted, or unjustly kept on foot.

To which Fourth Article it was answered, for the Lord Grey, That the Petitioner hath Cunningly picked out of the Register's Book only those Days on which the least Business came on; and it appears there were but Two Days, wherein the Court did not clear all the Business that came before them.

The Petitioner, in the Fifth Article, alleged, That a great Number of Injunctions have been granted in that Island, during his Government, to stop the Proceedings in the Common Law Courts; and many, if not most of them, have been granted by the said Governor, the same Days Bills were filed, and out of Court, at Times when the Court did not sit; and many of those Injunctions have been continued for several Years; by which the Subjects were debarred of the Benefit of the Common Law, and forced to attend a Court of Chancery, which sat very seldom, and did very little Business when they sat To prove which, he referred to the Account of Injunctions granted and dissolved in the Courts of Chancery; whereby it appeared, that, in March, April, May, and July, Five Injunctions were granted out of Court:

And that in 1697, and 1699, there were several Injunctions granted the same Day the Bill was filed:

That an Injunction, in the Case of Cosyns and Battyn> was granted the 27 March 1699, and was not dissolved till the 2d of October 1700:

That in the Case of Sadlicr and AUyn, an Injunction was granted 6th of August 1698, and not yet dissolved; and that Mr. Holdyp had Four Injunctions at a time granted against him.

To which Fifth Article it was answered, for the Lord Grey, by Mr. Beddingfeild, who was his Secretary in the Court of Chancery, That it is, and w as, the usual Custom of the Court to have Orders.made for Injunctions, upon

Petitions,

88o 6* . A. 1702,

Barbadoes Petitions, as well out of Court as in Court; the Orders, 'Assistants, or, in the Judges necessary Absence, any

Government, made out of Court for granting such Injunctions, being Three of the said Assistants, might hold the same.

always with a Proviso, That such Injunction be obtained To which Eighth Article it was answered, for the Lord according to the Rules and Practice of the Court. Grey, That he submits himself, upon what Evidence has

The Petitioner, in the Sixth Article, alleges, That the been given by Mr. Hodges Witnesses to this Article; Court of Errors in Barbadoes, of which the said Governor and, to prove the supplying Judge Gardiner's Place, re-and Council were the Judges, did not sit once, from ferred to the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas; the Governor & Arrival in that Island, in July 1698, till whereby.it appeared, that James Colleton Esquire sat as

the 24th January 1700; which is Two Years and an Chief Judge of St. Michael's Court the 26, 27, and

Half; whereby all Judgments at Law, whereon Writs 28th February 1700.

of Error were brought, were stayed from Execution; and The Petitioner, in the Ninth Article, alleging, That the said Court having been so long discontinued, was, at he then having several Suits of a considerable Value delength, revived by a publick Proclamation in all the Mar- pending in the said Chancery, and other Courts of that ket Towns of that Island. Island, was, by the said Obstructions of Justice, very much

To which Sixth Article it was answered, for the Lord delayed and oppressed, and lost One Debt of above Eigh-Gret/. That the Said Court of Errors was held by the teen hundred Pounds, together with all his Charge and Governor and Council, and Judges; and that there was Trouble: And he has likewise suffered very much by a Court held within the Time complained of by the Peti- Injunctions there granted, to stop Proceedings at Common tioner; and proved the same by the Book of Assembly Law; and remains still without any Benefit of his Suits and Council; whereby it appeared that such Court was in that Island.

held upon the 10th of August 1698. To prove which, he produced the Copy of a Will, filed

The Petitioner, in the seventh Article, alleges, That the 25 November 1697, and the Answerdid notcotnein \y the Neglect and Connivance of the said Governor, till the 15 March following; and his Cause depended tiost of the Five Courts of Common Pleas did not duly Two Years; and could get no further than Exceptions sit at the Times appointed by the Laws of that Island; to the Answer:

but were, without any just Cause, frequently adjourned for And, in another Cause between the said Hodges and Sir a long time; and the Court of St. Andreids sat but One Sam. Husbands, he referred to the Registers Certificate of Day in Fourteen Months, though many Causes were Business done in that Court; whereby it appeared, that - there depending. the Petitioners Bill was filed the 22d May 1699, and

To which Seventh Article, it was answered, for the Lord the 12 th of June, an Attachment issued out, for want of Grey, That the said Courts might not sit at the very an Answer, against the Defendant; and, that Day, he got Times appointed by the Laws of the Island; and might Fourteen Days time to answer; and, upon the Twentieth, be frequently adjourned; but that the same was done he had Fourteen Days more; and, upon the Thirtieth, without any Connivance or Knowledge of the Governor, he had Fourteen Days more; and, they being expired, but by the customary Power of the said Courts. the Attachment issued out; and, the 3d August, he pet

The Petkiouer, in the Eighth Article, alleges, That, tioned to clear his Contempt, and filed his Answer upon on the Death of Mr. Gardiner, One of the Judge Assist- the 25th of August: Upon which, Hodges, by Petition, had ante in the Court of St. Michael's, the said Governor neg- a Month's time to accept or reply; and, after that, a lected to fill his Place for above Six Months after; by Month more; and, upon the 16 September, filed his Ex-which all the Business of that Court was stayed; in which ceptions, which were referred to a Master the 24th of about Three or Four Hundred Causes were then depend- January; and, upon the 20th of March, the Master's ing. Report was published, and, after Confirmation, suspended

To prove which he called Mr. Beddingfeild: Who said, for further Answer, and Costs issued; but, before any That, upon Judge Gardiners Death, and upon Appli- further Answer, the said Sir Samuel Husbands died: cation made to the Lord Grey, for supplying that By whose Death, the Petitioner said, he lost all the Vacancy, he did appoint Mr. Blackman to succeed him, Event of his Suit; the said Sir Samuel having but little who did accept of the Office; but, when he came to the Estate, other than an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds per Town,- and was to sit, he excused himself from so doing, Annum; which, had his Cause been dispatched in the said by reason of his Indisposition; and thereupon the Lord Court, he might have obliged him to have sold, foran-Grey did, as he takes it, appoint Mr. Worsham to succeed swering what might have been decreed against him: him against the Sitting of the next Court: That the said And that, in another Cause against one Horne, the Judges and Assistants have no Salaries; and the Gover- Petitioner's Agent in Barbadoes consented to an Agree-nor cannot compel any Person to serve in those Employ- ment, to be decreed, much to his Prejudice; which he ments. cannot, as yet, get to be set aside.

Mr. Cause said, That Judge Gardiner died in April or To which Ninth Article it was answered, for the Lord May 1700, and that he came away in December follow- Grey, That, as to the Cause between the Petitioner and ing; and believes the Judge's Place was not then filled up,; Husbands, it appears, by the Register's Certificate, that and that ho does not know there was any Application he took more time to reply and except to the Answer than made to the Governor for supplying the same. the Defendant had for answering; whereby the Delay,

Mr. Turner # said, That he never heard of any Appli- in a great measure, lay upon himself.

cation made to the Lord Grey, for the supplying Judge And that, as to.....Case between the Petitioner

*Gardiners Place; and believes his Lordship did supply ..... his Lordship was no-way concerned in what the same, as soon.as he had Notice of his Death: That Agreements were made by the Agents in the Causes; and there hath been. Differences in Opinion, whether a Court that, if he suffered any Abuse by his own Agent, who he could be held upon the Death of a Judge or Assistant, had impowered to make Agreements, to be decreed by and has not known any Court held in such Case; but Consent, he must lay the Blame upon his said Correspon-believes there may have been such held: And believes dent, and not the Decree of the Court; his Lordship be-there might be about a Hundred Causes then depending ing indifferent and unconcerned in the Matter; and the in the said Court, and believes there neither are, nor Consent of the Parties appearing to be the Foundation have been, at any time, less Causes depending. for the Decree.

That the Petitioner, to prove Two Courts were ad- The Petitioner, in the Tenth Article, alleges, That the journed for want of One Assistant, referred to the Pro- Lords Commissioners of Trade, in their Proceedings there-ceedings of the Court of Common Pleas; whereby it ap- on, have acted contrary to the Trust reposed in them by peared, that the St. Andrew's Court w as adjourned the his Majesty, to the Dishonour of his Government, and 30th June and 28th July 1699, One of the Assistants be- great Oppression to the Petitioner, and many others, ing dead; though, by the Commission to the Chief The which the Petitioner alleged to be true; for that Justice of that Court, the said Judge, with any Two of the lie said Commissioners had not fairly and impartially

reported

In the Margin of the Journal is written, u Solicitor General of the said Island/'

t Ann.

6° Mail

881

reported to his late Majesty the Facts by him alleged to them in the Nine preceding Articles.

For Answer uhereunto, the Commissioners of Trade alleged, That they never refused, or delayed, upon the frequent Application of Mr. Hodges, to represent to his late Majesty the Complaints of the said Mr. Hodges, together with the proper Remedies, in case the Allegations of the Complaints hud been true; and did not only write thereupon to the Lord Grey, but likewise procured his late Majesty's Letters to him, to the same Effect; viz.

That especial Care might be taken, that Justice should be everywhere duly and speedily adminstered; and that all Complaints should have such Redress as was agreeable to Law; and that the Governor should constantly hold Courts of Chancery, till all the Causes depending were determined: Which may more fully appear, with divers other Particulars to the same Tenour, by the Papers C, D, E, F, G; which follow; viz.

(C).

SIR, Whitehall, January 27th, 170^.

HAVING, in pursuance of his Majesty's Order in Council, upon the Petition of John Loder Esquire, Mary Ciofts, and Martha Frederick Widow, whereof we send you here inclosed a Copy, considered the Matter therein complained of; and finding, that, by the great Neglect there has been in holding Courts of Chancery in Barbadoes, and by the Want of Dispatch of Business, there are more than Three hundred Causes depending in that Court, many of which are of several Years Standing, to the very great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other Suitors; we are, in his Majesty's Name, to require you, for the future, to be more careiul in the Expediting of Justice, and to hold Courts of Chancery, until all the Causes depending the re be determined; to the End that no more Occasion he given for Complaints in Matters of this Nature, which are so grievous to the Subject: And we do further direct, That Entry be made of this Letter in the Council Books, for the Sasisfaction of all Persons therein concerned; and that you return us an Account of your Proceedings herein, and in Answer to our Letter of the 16th October last So we bid you heartily farewel.

Your very loving Friends,

Stamford, JVm. Blaithwait,

Abr. Hill, Mat. Prior,

Ph. Meadows, John Polleafen.

Geo. Stepney,

To the Honourable Mr. Grey.

questly interested, either directly, or by Consequence, in Barbados the Issue of the Suits that are brought before them. Government Arid finding, that, besides the Delays and Irregularities in other Courts, the Neglect in holding Courts of Chancery, and the Want of Dispatch of Business there, have been such, that there are more than Three hundred Causes depending in that Court; many of which aieof several Years Standing; to the very great Prejudice of the Petitioners* and other Suitors; v\e are humbly of Opinion, that, for Redress of those Miscarriages, und the better to prevent all future Grouuds for Complaints in Matters of this Nature, which are so grievous to the Subject, Your Majesty may be pleased to direct, That the Copies of the aforesaid Petitions; and of the Memorials offered thereupon, he sent to the Governor of that Island, for his Answers thereunto; and that Letters be also dispatched, requiring him to take especial Care, that no Person, interested in the Suits depending in any of the Courts of that Island, be appointed, oj permitted, to sit as Judges in the Causes w herein they are conce rned; that Justice be severy where duly and speedily administered; and that he do also himself constantly hold Courts of Chancery, until all the Causes shall be determined.

As to the particular Case of the aforenamed Hodges, upon which he has desired, that Your Majesty would be pleased to direct the Court of Chancery there to set aside certain Agreements, that he conceives to have been made in his Wrong, we humbly represent, That it has not been usual for Your Majesty, or Your Predecessors, to interpose the Royal Authority injudicial Proceedings in the Plantations, otherwise than by receiving Appeals to Your Majesty in Council, for Your Royal Determination, as to Right shall appertain.

All which, nevertheless, is most humbly submitted.'

John Pollexfen, Abr. Hill,

Geo. Stepney, Mat. Prior,

Stamford, Lexington,

Ph. Meadorxesy

Wm. Blathwait.

(D). To the King's most Excellent Majesty.

May it please Your Majesty,

WE humbly beg Leave to represent to your Majesty, with relation to the Administration of Justice in Your Majesty's Island of Barbadoes, That, in Obedience to Your Majesty's Order in Council, of the Fifth of December last, upon the Petition of John Loder Esquire, and others, complaining of Delays, and especially of the Court of Chancery of that Island, we have writ to the Governor, as Your Majesty did then require us.

And Your Majesty having been further pleased, by Order in Council, of the 12th of December last, upon the Petition of Isaac Hawkins Esquire, and by another Order, of the 19th of December last, upon the Petition of Thomas Hodges Esquire, to direct us to examine the Matter of those Petitions; and to report what we conceived fit for Your Majesty to do therein:

We humbly report, That the said Petitions do all of them contain Complaints of Delay, and undue Proceedings, in the Courts of Justice in Barbadoes; which the Petitioners, among other Causes, impute to the Partiality of some Persons appointed to sit in the Judicatories of that Island, who are themselves much indebted; and, having many Suits depending against them, are thereby fre-Vol. 13.

Whitehall, February the 6th, 170®.

(E).

SIR, - Whitehall, March 13th, 170*.

HAVING made an humble Representation to his Majesty, with a Draught of'a Letter >or his Royal Signature, relating to the Administration of Justice in Bar-hadots, we send you the same here inclosed, to be laid before his Majesty. We are,

SIR,

Your most humble Servants,

John Pollexfcnf Abr. Hill.

Stanford,

Wm. Blathwait,

Ph. Meadows,

Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Vernon.

To the King's most Excellent Majesty.

May it please Your Majesty,

IN Obedience to Your Majesty's Order in Council, of the 13th of the last Month, we herewith humbly lay before Your Majesty the Draught of a Letter, for Your Majesty's Royal Signature, to Colonel Grey, Governor in Chief of the Island of Barbadoes, relating to several Petitions and Complaints that had been laid before Your Majesty, of great Delays, and undue Proceedings, in the Courts of Justice in that Island;

Which, nevertheless, we most humbly submit.

Signed,

Stanford, Ph. Meadows,

Wm. Blaithwait, Abr. Hill, Lexington, Mat. Prior.

John Pollexfen4.

fVhitzhall, March the nth* 170$.

10 P

JFillhm

88 a

6° M

'* 1702.

Barbadoes

Government.

TRUSTY and Well-beloved, We greet you well. Whereas John Lod6r> Isaac Hawkins, and Thomas Hodges, Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and others, have, by their humble Petitions severally laid before Us divers Complaints of great Delays, and undue Proceedings, in Our Courts of Justice in Our Island of Barbadoes; in the Setting forth whereof, they offered to prove, that there were lately above Eight hundred Causes, depending at one time, in Two of the Courts of Common Pleas in that Island, besides what more might be depending in the Three other Courts of the same Kind, whereof they had not yet been informed; and have imputed this Disorder, amongst other Causes, to the Partiality of some Persons appointed to sit in the Judica^ tories of the said Island, who are themselves much indebted; have many Suits depending against them; and are thereby frequently interested, either directly, or by Consequence, in the Issue of the Suits that are brought before them: And whereas it has been further represented by the said Petitioners, That the Method practised in the Courts of Chancery, in determining Controversies, and pronouncing Decrees, is very irregular; and that the Neglect in holding those Courts, and the Want of Dispatch of Business there, have been such, that there has been sometimes but One Court held in the Space of Eight or Nine Months, and very little done in it since your entering upon that Government; so that there are more than Three hundred Causes depending in the said Court, many of which are of several Years standing; and also, that, since your being the re, not any Court of Errors did sit in Two Years time; by which means, all Judgments at Common Law, whereon Writs of Error have been brought, were staid from Execution: All which Delays, and undue Proceedings, do tend to the very £rcat Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other Suitors: And it being highly necessary, that all Irregularities of this Nature, which are so grievous to Our Subjects, be reformed, and that the Grounds of all such Complaints being thoroughly inquired into, effectual Care be taken, that they be, for the future, intirely removed: We have, in order thereunto, directed Our Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to transmit unto you the Copies of the aforesaid Petitions, and of the Memorials offered thereupon, for your Answers not only to the particular Cases of the Petitioners, but also. to the more general Complaints afore-mentioned.

And we do hereby will and require you to take especial Care, that no Person, interested in the Suits depending in any of the Courts of Our said Island, be appointed or permitted to sit as Judge in the Causes w herein they are concerned; that Justice be every where duly and speedily administered; that the Complainants have such Redress as is agreeable to Law; and that you do yourself constantly hold Courts of Chancery, until all the Causes there be determined: We do likewise declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That no Members of our Council in that Island be exempted from any Prosecution, in Law or Equity, for the Payment of their just Debts, except only during the Time that the General Assembly of Our said Island shall be sitting; which you are accordingly to declare unto them. And, for the better Observance of Our Directions in all this Matter, as well as for the Satisfaction of all Persons concerned, you are to cause Entry to be made of this Letter in Our Council Books. So We bid you farewel.

Given at Our Court at Kensington, the 16th Day of March 170^, in the 13th Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty's Command,

James Vernon.

SIR, (F). Whitehall, March 25th, 1701.

WE writ to you the 27th January last, upon Occasion of a Petition presented to his- Majesty in the Name

of John Loder Esquire, and others, concerning the great Negl.ect there has been in holding Courts of Chancery in Barbadoes, and the Want of Dispatch of Business there: But, since that time, other Complaints of the like Nature having been laid before his Majesty; setting forth not only the Neglects of that Court, but of the other Courts of Justice in that Island, together with divers other Irregularities practised in the Administration of Justice; his Majesty has thereupon been pleased to write to you the inclosed Letter, and to command us to send you the inclosed Copies of the Petitions and Memorials therein re-ferred to: Whereupon we are further to require of you to return unto us full Answers, not only to the general Matters of the Complaints, but also to the Case of each particular Petitioner, that such further Report may be laid before his Majesty thereupon, as shall be necessary. We are, Sir,

Your humble Servants, Stamford; PL Mcdm}

JVm. Blaythwait, Abr. Hill,

Lexington, Mat. Prior.

John Pollexfen,

Ralph Gi'cy Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes.

(G). To the Kings most Excellent Majesty*

May it please Your Majesty,

SEVERAL Petitions having been laid before Your Majesty the last Winter, complaining of Delays, and other Irregularities, in the Administration of Justice ia Barbadoes, which Your Majesty was then pleased to refer to our Consideration, and to require us to report what we conceived fit to be done therein; and, in pursuance thereof- several Memorials, and other Papers, having been delivered unto us by Mr. Thomas Hodges, One of the Petitioners; all of which Petitions, Memorials, and other Papers, we accordingly considered, and did thereupon humbly report to Your Majesty, the Sixth of February last, to the following Effect; viz. That Copies of all the said Petitions, and other Papers, might be transmitted to the Governor of that Island; and a Letter writ, to require him to take especial Care, that no Persons, interested in the Suits depending in any of the Courts of that Island, be appointed or permitted to sit as Judges in the Causes wherein they are concerned; that Justice be every where duly and speedily administered; and thathe do also himself constantly hold Courts of Chancery, until alftlie Causes there be determined: And, in relation to the particular Case of Mr. Hodges, upon which he desired, that the Court of Chancery of the said Island might be directed to set aside certain Agreements, which he conceives to have been made in his Wrong; we further added, that it has not been usual for Your Majesty, or Your Predecessors to interpose the Royal Authority in judicial Proceedings in the Plantations, otherwise than by receiving Appeals to Your Majesty ia Council for Your Royal Determination, as to Right shall appertain:

All which Your Majesty was pleased to approve; and a Letter thereupon, prepared, by us, having accordingly been dispatched, under Your Royal Signature, the 16th of March last, and sent thither, together with Copies of all the forementioned Papers; we now humbly crave Leave to lay before Your Majesty an Account of the further Progress of that Matter:

The Governor and Council of Barbadoes have transmitted to us a large and particular Answer to the several Heads of Complaint exhibited by Mr. Hodges against the Proceedings of the Court of Chancery, and other Courts of Justice, in that Island; wherein they set forth, That the said Courts did sit more frequently than had been suggested by Mr. Hodges; appealing, for Proof of what they say, to the Copies of their Journals, and Certificate of the publick Register; *by which they also shew, that all the Causes, ripened for hearing in the Court of Chancery sines the present Governor's Arrival, being in the Whole but Seventy-eight, and Fifteen thereof having been upon the List before his Arrival, were finished in March last: And 1 when

Ann.

6° Mail.

BIS 3

when the Interval between their Sittings happened to be longer than usual; they offer divers Reasons for it; as the Governor's Sickness; the Sickness of the Island; the necessary Forms and Methods of their Proceedings, &c.: They likewise vindicate themselves from some other Imputations, by denying directly what Mr. Hodges asserts; particularly in relation to the Circumstances of the Judges of that Island, as if they were Persons much in Debt; disc* in relation to the Authority of some great Men amongst them, as if it were made use of to deter Witnesses concerning declaring their Knowledge of the Maladministration of Justice: And they, in like manner, contradict him in several other Points; challenging hint withal tb prove, by particular Instances, wherein Justice has beefl perverted, either through Bribery, or any other unwarrantable Consideration: And, in further Testimony of the Governor's good Conduct, they appeal to the Addresses that have been made by the Inhabitants to Y6ift Majesty, and to him the Governor, acknowledging his impartial Administration of Justice amongst them: in reference whereunto, they likewise observe, That, amongst the Seventy-eight Causes, which have been determined by him, there have been but Two Appeals made to Your Majesty in Council here. These are the principal Heads whereof their Answer consists.

Upon the Receipt hereof, Mr. Hodges, who is the only Person who appears to us to concern himself in the Prosecution of these Matters, desiring that the same might be communicated to him, together with all the Papers therein referred to, we complied with him therein; and he has thereupon delivered to us a long Reply, in which he endeavours to disprove what the Governor and Council have alleged, and to invalidate the Reasons, which they have offered from the Consideration of Sickness, and otherwise, for the extraordinary Intervals that have sometimes happened: And this he does by Observations upon their Journals; by offering some Grounds of doubting, whether the Certificate of their Register was made upon Oath, as is pretended; together with other particular Objections.

He complains of the Governor's Neglect to inspect the Management of the Courts of Common Pleas; particularly that of St. Andrews, whose Negligence was such, that, as he says, they sat but One Day in Fourteen Months: He instances an Obstruction in the Course of Justice, by the Governor's not filling up a Judge Assistant's Place in the Court of St. Michael for about Sik Months after the Death of Mr. Gardiner, who had been in that Place; by means whereof all Proceedings in that Court were so long stopped: He likewise complains of the great Hindrance, w'hich his, and other Mens, Common Law Proceedings had received from the Court of Chancery, by Injunctions irregularly granted, and long continued; and instances particularly in Two Cases of his own; the one carried on in the Names of Coates and Spry, his Trustees, against Sadler; the other in the Name of Holdipy his Trustee, against Downes; each of which, he says, had been suspended, by Injunction out of Chancery, for above Two Years.

Tie further asserts, That no Court of Errors was held by the Governor, or, at least, that no Writ of Error was heard, and determined, by that Court, from his Arrival there in July 1698, until the 24th January 1700, which is about Two Years and a Half; and he names Mi*. Sharp and Mr. Sadler as Persons much in Debt; and therefore unfit to sit in any of the Judicatories of that Island: Whereas the Governor and Council have certified. That all Cases, ripe for a Hearing in Chancery were finished in March last.

He does not deny but that extraordinary Diligence was used a little before that Time; but this he attributes to the particular Directions given to the Governor by our Letter of the 16th October 1700, for sending home attested Copies of the Proceedings of all their Courts. He does not instance in any Delay or Denial of Justice, either since the Receipt of Your Majesty's Letter of the 16th March last, or of Your Letter of the 16th of October before; nor has he produced to us any Affidavits Vql. 13.

upoti the Pbints, with the Govelnbr and Council have Barbadoes challenged him to make good; thdugh We have frequently Governnaellt* directed him to bring Affidavits upon whatsoiever he thought necessary to be proved; so that, whatever have been the Neglects, or othbr TrregiilariiieS, in ibeir Courts of Justice formerly, we have Reason to believe, that the Directions, Already sent, have been of good Use, towards their Rbfbhhatioff.

However, Mr. Hodges, hot explaining hirbself by any 6ne particular Prayer, of ibesire, in relation1 to aitiy Case wherein he te concerned, thbfigfi often reqhirffl by us to do it, persists Stili iff his gfeheraff Complaint of former irregularities; aS if ho Justice werb bvbr tb be expectha irt that Island, without altering tiib whole Fdfth bt Government.

He insinuates, That the ChelriteHbr, Whtf otti&r Judges':

Should be Persons learned, and w6tl-skilled, in the Laws ot England: Upon which we observe, that, Upon the general Administration of Justice in attYotir Majesty's Plantations,

Inhabitants of the best Ability and ReputaJtfoh have bfebn looked upon as the Persons mbst proper to defernVine Controversies there, add of least Charge to the People.

He proposes, That the Custom of making Presents to Governors by General Assemblies should be abOlVshed: against which there would be ho Objection, if competent Maintenance could otherwise by made to such Governors a.s have no sufficient Allowances, without bringing a Pew Expence upon Y Our Majesty, as wre have formerly represented.

He desires that no longer Time than Fourteen Days ' may be allowed for appealing to Your Majesty from the Decrees of their Chancery Courts; which being contrary to the general Constitution of the Plantations, who have all acted by the same Rule, without complaining, we are apprehensive lest the altering of it, as Mr. Hodges desires, should be attended with yet greater Inconveniencies than w hat he seeks to remedy. These are the principal Heads of his Reply.

Upon all which, w*e humble observe, That it does not appear to us, that there have Bben any extraordinary Delays in the Sitting of the Courts of Justice in jBarba-does since the fore-mentioned Directions sent thither; nor much ldss that they have refused to hbar aily Motion, or give Judgment in any Cause that has come before them.; and we do not, therefore, donceive any things more proper to be done in this Matter at present, than that thb:

Governor, or Commander in Chief, be strictly admonished to a constant Care and Watchfulness, that Justice be duly administered on all Occasions, according to Your Majesty's Orders already signified tb them, as aforesaid.

And whereas, by reason of these Complaints, and the Time that wa^ necessary for the Examination of them, we have not hitherto laid before Your Majesty Twro Acts of the General Assembly of jBarbadoes; the one dated the 3d of October 1699, for the Payment of 'Two thousand Pounds, current Money of that Island, to his Excellency Ralph Grey Esquire; the other dated the 5th of November 1700, for the Payment to'him of Two thousand Pounds Sterling; which Sums, by the Constitution of that Government, and Purport of the Acts themselves, he is not to receive, without Your Majesty's Approbation first had:

We now humbly offer, That, considering the Expence which the Lord Grey has been obliged to make in supporting the Dignity of that Government, has exceeded his Salary; and there not appearing to us any sufficient Cause to hinder him of the Benefit intended him in this manner by the Inhabitants of that Island: Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to permit him the said Lord Grey to receive the said Sums of Two thousand Pounds current Money of Barbadoes, and Tw o thousand Pounds Sterling, according to the Contents of the aforesaid Acts.

And, for any private Injury the said Hodges may think he has sustained from the said Lord Grey during his Government, he has his Remedy at Law, by virtue of ati Act of Parliament lately passed, to punish Governors of

Plantations,

r

Duty on Sale of Joim Stock Shares.

Unwholesome Brandies.

jews

Protestant

Children.

Irish

Forfeitures.

884 6° — 7° A. 1702.

Plantations, in this Kingdom, for Crimes committed by them in the Plantations.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Stamford,

Whitehall, December the 12th, Ph. Meadows, 1701. Wm. Blathwayt,

John Pollexfen, Mat. Prior.

And the said Commissioners did further allege, That the Occasion of Mr. Hodges's Displeasure and Complaint against them was, that, upon his Request to that Board, that he might have an Order from his late Majesty to the Chancery of Barbadoes, directing them to set aside an Agreement made by Mr. Pilgrim, Mr. Hodges' Attorney, with Mr. Hei ne, although the same should have been passed into a Decree; and that the Suit against Mr. Hodges should be put into the same Condition, in all respects, as it was before the making the same Agreement; which Request of Mr. Hodges appears under his own Hand; the said Commissioners did thereupon report to his late Majesty, That it bad not been usual for his Majesty, or his Predecessors, to interpose the Royal Authority in judicial Proceedings in the Plantations, otherwise than by receiving Appeals to his Majesty in Council for his Royal Determination, as to Right should appertain; w'hich, the said Commissioners humbly conceive, they were in Duty obliged to represent to his late Majesty, although to the Dissatisfaction of Mr. Hodges; and that, if they had done otherwise, they would have deserved as severe a Censure, as Mr. Hodges has, by his Petition and Articles, most unjustly laid upon them.

Resolved, That Thomas Hodges Esquire hath not made good his Petition, or any of the Particulars of Maladministration complained of by the said Mr. Hodges against Ralph Lord Grey, late Governor of Barbadoes, or the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

Resolved, That the said Petition, and Complaint, is vexatious and scandalous.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any joint Stocks of Corporations, after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Making of unwholesome and unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was committed; be made upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy T die Mail;

1° Ann® Reginae.

Pbayers.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Jews to maintain, and provide for, their Protestant Children, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning, the First Business.

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to recompense Philip Savage Esquire for the Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Ik T*-Vi Relief of Charlotte Talbott was committed:

And a Clause being offered to he added to the Till,

That no Papist, or Person educated in the Romish Religion, being under the ^ge of Eighteen Years, or having attained that Age, and shall not, within Six Months then' after, take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, and continue a Protestant, shall be capable to inherit; but that . the next of Kin shall have and enjoy the Premises without Jf! Account; and that such Papists, or any in Trust for them, 41 are, and shall be, uncapable of purchasing the same;

Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Leases of the Premises, not made to Protestants, shall be void; and as well the Lessor, as Lessee, of any Lease made to a Papist, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Lands so leased, except Cottages under Thirty Shillings per Annum to Day Labourers;

Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

And a Proviso being offered, to be added to the Bill, [ That the Act shall not extend to the Rectories, Vicarages, or Tythes, vested in the Trustees by the Act of Resumption;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Petition of James Eustace, which was referred to the Co:imiitiei*,to IteU whom the Bill for the Relief of Maurice Aimcslaj Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

Mr. Tredenliam reported from the Committee, to whom Uriibi the Bill for the Relief of Jane Lavillin, with relation to Mi' the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put upon Clauses A, B, and C, the same were agreed unto by the House.

Clause D being read a Second time, for excusing Jaw Lavillin from taking the Oaths, and subscribing the Declaration;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to acquit the Trustees of the Rents:

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Upon which the Bill was amended; and a Clause therein, relating to that Matter, struck out.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Maurice Annesly Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That; they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for something to be allowed in lieu of the personal Estate, which had been granted to Mr. Annesley; Claims having been allowed for the personal Estate:

6. And

i Ann* 70 M885

And the Question being put that the Clause bk brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, for the same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned; was committed; That One-third Part more of the Purchase-money be allowed to the Residue of the Protestant Purchasers;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^; . ] 82.

Tellers for the Noes,[^; } 79-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Rea-sorts, to be offered at the Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to declare the Alteration in the Oath, appointed to betaken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of [Vales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined; do m mage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference;

And being returned;

The Lord Ckoine reported, That they had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, for the same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned; was committed; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, That One-third Part of the Purchase-money, which was to be repaid by the Grantees to the Purchasers, be vested in the Trustees, to the Use of the Publick;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yreas,^Mr J°^n> X

(Mr. Bruges: )

-Tellers for the Noesig' \

(Mr. Boultncy: 3

So it passed in the Negative.

84.

89.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved accordingly. That it may be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the forfeited Estates, to be sold by the Trustees, be sold to Protestants only.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, That the Sales, by the Trustees, of the forfeited Estates, be only to Protestants.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gentleman, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with an Amendment to One of them.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom Vol 13.

the Bill for the Relief of Edward Nugent, of Donore, in Nugent'* the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, w as committed, That KeIie* they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which h<v read in his Place; and afterwards delivered mat the Clerks Table: Where the same were read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

.Clause B, being read a Second time, for setting the Lands to such Persons only as are of the Protestant Religion; and for disabling Papists to enjoy the same by themselves, or any in Trust for them; and limiting the same to the next of Kin, being Protestants; except Cottages of Forty Shillings per Annum to Day-labourers;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause C, being read a Second time, for the Trustees enjoying all Rectories and Vicarages, Impropriations, and Tythes, as by the Act oi Resumption;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

Mr. Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom the Viscountess Bill for inlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess Falk- Falkland's land to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the for- Relief* feited Estates in Ireland, with relation to a Mortgage upon the Estate of Patrick Sarsfcild Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

M'ith Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of William Lord Vis- Lorf1 count Mountjoy, was read the Third time. . ^1°1unftioy 8

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title e ie be, An Act for the Relief of William Lord Viscount Mountjoy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Robert Ecgworth, Fdgworth's Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, w as read Relief* the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Persons, enjoying the Estate, to continue Protestants:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for avoiding Leases made of the Estate:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press L. to leave out " Forty," and, instead thereof, insert "Thirty

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he.

An Act for the Relief of Robert Edgworth Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Inland.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this Elouse will, upon Saturday Morn- Irish ing next, proceed further in reading the ingrossed Bills a Forfeitures. Third time; and the Second reading the other Bills; and 10 Q afterwards

886

7" — 8° Mali.

A. 1705.

King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

afterwards to the Receiving of Reports of the Bills which have been committed, relating to the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the Kings Bench, do then attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Mali;

Prayers.

Annae Reginae.

Italian

Thrown Silk.

The last Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " which Order shall be final

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for to

Telle* fortoNo^-^.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

J°*

54.

ABIL L for importing into England Thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily from the Port of Leghorne in Italy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Hohlyn, Mr. Heathcott, Sir John Mordant, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Crawford, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Portman, Sir John Bolls, Mr, Top-ham, Mr. Poultney, Colonel Lee, Mr. Sayers, Mr. Brewer, Sit Hen. Bunbury, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Roberts, Sir Rich. Cox, Mr. Onxn, Mr. Foley, Mr. White, Mr. Morgan, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. St. John, Mr. Moiiey, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bold; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Weavers of London, Norwich, and

Canterbury, and other Dealers in the Silk, and Silk and Worsted, Manufactures, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bringing of Thrown Silk of the Growth of Italy, Sicily, and Naples, was prohibited by an Act of Parliament of the Second of William and Mary, unless imported in such manner as is directed by another Act of the Twelfth of King Charles the Second: And it being found, that the Importation of such Silk, in the manner prescribed by the last mentioned Act, in regard of the Difficulties and Hazard occasioned by the late War with France, was so prejudicial, as that the Silk Manufacture w as in great Danger of being lost; for Prevention whereof, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the said King and Queen, for the Importation of the said Silk from any Place, unless the Ports of France, during that War: And, in regard the same, or greater, Hazards will now happen, if not prevented, they pray, That the said Thrown Silk may be imported from any Port or Place, except of France and Spaine, during the present War.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the importing Thrown Silk, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Lee, Mr. Sayers, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ditto. Colonel Lee, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown Silk; And the same was received.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Pnfca to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Par- chasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, s for the same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned; \ is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clawe for the Relief of Mr. William Palmer, with relationto the forfeited Estates in Ireland\

Ordered, That Sir Henry Burnaby be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, hmt That their Address, returning to her Majesty the ThanksAi!r* of this House, for directing the Princess Sophia to be prayed for, having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, That she will omit no Occasion of supporting the Protestant Religion, and maintaining the true Interest of England.

A Bill for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England . Wales, until the First Day of Hilary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a SiltWa. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom Estate^ the Bill for the better Discovery of all Lands, and other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses; and for F* applying the same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; w as committed; be made upon this Day Sevennight

jews Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to W'M

Protestant the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Jews w hom the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell certain Mes-

Children. to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children suages, Houses, Rents, and Grounds, in the Parish of

was committed, That they had made several Amendments St. Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, for

to the Bil); which they had directed him to report to the the Payment of the Debts of John Hinde, late of London,

House; and also the Matter, as it appeared to them, Goldsmith, was committed, be taken into Consideration

touching the Words spoken by Mr. de Casseres, in relation on Tuesday Morning next, to the said Bill; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the said Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, toUwbole Amendments were once read throughout; and then a whom the Bill to prevent the making of unwholesome and Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question seve- unmerchantable Brandies from Corn; and for preventing Brandia rally put thereupon, several of them were agreed unto the clandestine Importation of French Brandies; was cora-by the House. mitted; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

2 Resolved,

i Ann. 8° — 9' Mali. 887

0B Resolved\ That this House will, upon Monday Morniqg

f Joint next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Share*, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations, after the Committee upon the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 9° die Maxi;

1° Annse Reginae.

Prayers.

1 A BILL for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown m xjL Silk was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, in a full House.

it's The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Clause to the Bill for the Relief of Edward Nugent, of Donore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire.

And the Question heing put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause D, being read a Second time, for preserving the Dow er allowed out of the Estate, by the Trustees, to Rose Nugent Widow, and Relict of Robert Nugent Esquire;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Premises shall be Jett to Protestants only;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Bill shall not extend to any Rectories or Impropriations;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for Confirmation of Decrees ma.de by the Trustees;

The same was twice read; and, upon foe Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to acquit the Trustees of the Renjts of the Premises;

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for Liberty to enter a Claim before the Trustees;

The same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

2lan- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act d's, &c. for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the slon« Earl of Ctanriccard and the Lord Bophin, without any Amendments. Also, veil* ' The Lords have agreed to die Amendments, made by e* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Abraham Barnwell to make a more ample Settlement of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Family; and to charge Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children in his Life-time, and for Payment of his Debts. Also,

Vol. 13.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill#. iptituled, An Act Earl of Gar-for the Relief of Francis Earl of Cqrlingford,\ and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary in e 1 Ireland, without any Amendments

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth JVandts* Wandesford* ford, and Elizabeth Foullcs, her Daughter by her late Relief: Husband Garret Foulks Esquire, deceased, was read foe Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause being offered, as a Rider, That # # #

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That foe Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Mpn?ing next.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Mary Vernon was Vernon'* read the Third time. Relief.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Mary Vernon, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Comptroller acqqafofod foe House, That, their Answer to Address having been presented to her Majesty, relating Address, to the Fees of the Commissions to the Officers of her Majesty's Army, her Majesty was pleased to say, She would take care therein.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Susannah Smith Widow, Smith'* with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third Relicf-time.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pass: And that the Title be,'

An Act for the Relief of Susannah Smith Widow, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill fat the Relief of Maria Eufezqia Countes* of Countess of Limerick, and Thomas Earl of Limerick, with Limerick's relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time. Relie

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That foe Two-thirds of the Purchase Money may be paid to Protestant Purchasers:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of foe Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Reversing of Attainders against Feme-coverts:

And the Question being put, That foe Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pass: And ..... the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Thomas Earl of Limerick, of foe Kingdom of Ireland, and Euphemip Countess Dowager of Limerick,* with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland

Ordered, That Mr- Maaley do carry the Bill to ttye Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Bill for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Pro- Spring'* testant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in re- Respect to their real Improvements, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manley,

Sir JVal. Young, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mansell, Sir Alex.

Rigby, Mr. Moncton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Haivey, Sir Fra. Blaak, Sir Hen. Lyddell, Mr. Harcourt, Colonel Thompson, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Fleming, Lord Sherrardf Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Hayes, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, JV£r.

Davy, Mr. Masters, Mr. Bulk ley, Mr. Clark, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Pierepoint, Mr. Blaak, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. St. Loc, Mr. Tard, Mr. Burnaby, Mr.

Mompesson, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Drake, Mr. Brewer,

Lord Bulkley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. King, Mr. Lee, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Phillipps: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And they are to sit de die in dim.

A Bill

Kverard's

Relief*

Trench's

Relief.

Gould's

Relief,

Hill's, &c. Relief.

Helens

Relief.

Mapas'

Relief.

Fitzgerrald'j

Relief.

Domville's

Relief.

C. Trant's Relief.

888 90 — 11° Mail

A Bill for the Relief of Sir Redmond Everard, an Infant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Blank in the Bill, for the Sum to be paid by Sir Redmond Everard, be left to be filled up by the House.

A Bill for Exempting and Discharging of Arthur Trench, and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures for the personal Estate of Iriel Farrell Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of Ignatius Gould Merchant, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A. 1701

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine into the Allegations of the said Bill; and report the same specially to the House.

A Bill for the Relief of John Lord Havcrsham, with 1^ relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Se* cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect to their real Improvements, is committed.

A Bill for making the Provision out of the forfeited Cta Estates in Ireland for the building Churches, anding*ial*W menting small Vicarages, in Ireland, more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of John Hill Esquire, and his Wife, by inlarging the Time for putting in their Claim before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace Esquire, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to in-large the Time for William Flower, by Sir John Temple his Guardian, to enter his Claim to a Mortgage upon the Estate of the said Robert Grace.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to in-large the Time for Mr. Jasper Roth to enter his Claim, touching a Mortgage, and other Incumbrances, upon the Estate of the said Robert Grace.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to in-large the Time for Abel Butler Esquire to enter his Claim to an Incumbrance upon the Estate of the said Robert Grace.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to in-large the Time for Richard Slice Esquire to enter his Claim to a Mortgage upon the Estate of the said Robert Grace.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power tQ receive a Clause to in-large the Time for John Llangrish Esquire to enter his Claim to an Incumbrance upon the Estate of the said Robert Grace.,

A Bill for the Relief of Thomas Lee Esquire, "and others, Executors of Sir John Heley, and Peter Goodwin, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John Mapas Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of Laurence Fitzgerrald, with relation to the forfeited, ^states in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Rel ief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Ossory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

A Bill to reverse an Outlawry against Mr. Charles Trant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Bill for the Relief of James Eustace, of Yeomans Town, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland\ Beiat was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning iristFr-next, proceed to take the Reports of such of the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures as shall be ready; and afterwards to the Third Reading of such Bills, as are ingrossed, relating to the Irish Forfeitures.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luhce, 11° die Mali;

i° Ann© Reginae.

MR. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom \rnfc the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An to Act to enable Rebecca Windham to sell and dispose of an Estate, late Sarah Verdons, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had heard the Petitioner upon the Petition to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom Ryssa'i the Bill for naturalizing Daniel Van Ryssen was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Benovad, John Girard, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to Mo^,f whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Money for JJF'-; the Repair of Churches and Chapels was committed;^' That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and,

upon

11° — 12° Mail

i Ann.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, a Rider be brought in, That, where any Churches shall be repaired by virtue of this Act, the Persons assessed^ shall not be prosecuted in any other Court.

uties. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

on Sale The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ntStock Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying :3# a Duty upon buying, selling, or bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corporations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilt; after the Report of the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties.

Ordered, That the Bill for Importation of fine Italian

>wn Silk. Thrown Silk be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

ters of Ordered, That Mr. Bracer have Leave to make a Mo-

3 carry- tion for the Third Reading of the Bill for the Relief of ^r°- certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the ,ns* Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other Inland Provisions, to the City of London.

And he moved the same accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for saving the Rights of the Towns of Sandwich and Ipswich:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved\ That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of certain Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, carrying Corn, and other inland Provisions, to the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Brevier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

889

Pray ers.

Martis, 12° die Mail; i° Anna; Reginas.

SIR Rowland Grain reported from the Committee, to win

ian

own Silk. O whom the Bill for the importing Silk of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leg home in Italy, was cotn-Vol. 13.

mitted, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Relief of poor Insolvent Prisoners for Debt be read the Third time Tomorrow, Debtois. at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to oblige the Jews to maintain and Jews Pro-provide for their Protestant Children, was read the Third testaut Chil-

area.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Raising the Tng next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Militia, mittee of the whole Hou^e, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Months Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy Recovery of Mo- Money for ney for the Repair of Churches and Chapels, was read repairing the Third time. Churchw,

And an Amendment was proposed to be made;

Press # L. to leave out " charged," and insert " chargeable

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels.

Ordered, Sir Rowland Grn/n do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Edgworth'i for the Relief of Robert Edgxvorth Esquire, with relation Relief, to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of William iviount-Lord Viscount Mountjoy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, jo/s Relief, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments: Also,

The Lords do not insist on the Amendment Clause B, Oathof to the Bill, intituled, An Act to declare the Alterations Abjuration, in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled,

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown "in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of I Kales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the continuing the present She- Continuing riffs in England and H ales until the First Day of Hilary Abends on Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine QC\^nu". ° them sooner, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England and H ides until the First Day of Hilary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner.

Ordered, That Mr. Iloblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thcieuuto.

10 It An

890

12

Mail.

A. 1702.

Counter'^, An ingrossed Bill for the continuing the Imprisonment &c impri- of # Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to souuient. assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of # Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the , Person of his late Majesty King William the Third.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ellw* Relief. SiV. Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of John Ellis Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That, as to' the Petition of Dame Eleanor Wandesford, to them referred, the Matter thereof was agreed; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they nad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and' then a Second time, one by one ;* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Anne Cornelius, the Widow and Relict of Captain Daniel Cornelius, was presented to the House, and read; relating to the Bill for making Provision for the Family of John Trant, eldest Son, and Heir, of Sir Patrick Trant, deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum, out of the Estate, to the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Trant*s

Relief.

Wolseley's Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom Relief. the Bill for the Relief of Captain Wolseley, and other Protestant Lessees of the private Estate in Ireland, by making Provision for paying back all the Monies by them paid for Fines, and the Expences they have been at in Improvements, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Consideration and Allowance to be had and made for Rents advanced:

And the Clause was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for } 79.

Tellers for, heNoesf^Sr^'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fox's Relief. Mr. Dolben also reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the Relief of Sir Stephen Fox, by allowing him further Time to make and enter his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, w as committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Qerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; anti, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

?.f r. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Catharine Harris, alias Kife, with feu relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for acquitting the Trustees of the Rents of the Premises:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the Relief of the Protestant Pur- ht\* chasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; they paying, for the same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; -and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second Time, with a Blank left, to be filled up by the House, with the Sum to be paid for the Estate;

Resolved, Tfiat the Blank be filled up with " One " thousand and One hundred Pounds."

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom o Bm'i the Bill* for the Relief of Catherine O Brien Widow, and ReM her Children, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the acquitting the Trustees of the Rents of the Estate:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made*

Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Mit y*! to whom the Bill for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esquire, Relief, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be* ingrossed.

Mr. Blaake reported from the Committee, to whom £vmrjft the Bill for the Relief of Sir Redmond Evented, an Infant, Relief, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they hod directed him to report to the House; which he read in ills Place; and niter-wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

2 And

i Ann. 12® — 13 Mali.891'

And several Blanks being postponed, to be filled up firm1 the Grants or Endowments madO, or intended to be by the House: made, for the Benefit of the Protestant Churches and;

Ordered, That, the further Consideration of the said School's at Portarlington; either to the Bill for the Relief Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect to their real Im- Mr. Blaake also reported from the Committeer to whom provements; or to the Bill for making Provision for the the Bill for the Relief of John Lord Havcrsham, with re- Family of John Trant, eldest Son and Heir of Sir Patrick lation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed, Trantt deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum, out of That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; the Estate, to the Publick. which they had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at A Bill for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown Silk, Italian the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read was, according to Order, read the Second time. Thrown Silk,

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the De-? upon the Question severally put thereupon, some were bate of the House, to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Chris. agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House. Hales, Colonel Lee, Lord Conningsby, Lord Pawlett,'

And other Amendments were made by the House to Sir Chris. Musgrave, Mr. Heathcott, Mr.. Sayers, Sir the Bill. Rob. Clay ton, Mr. GVorr, S\v Sam.Bernaj'distwi, Mr. Ward,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Burnaby, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Sh acker ley, Mr.* ingrossed. Gzvin, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Chandler,

Mr. Barrell, Mr. Phillipps, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. Peshall,

Mr. Blaake also reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. , Mr. Brewer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Clark, Mr.

the Bill for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John Mapas Hayes, Sir Tho. , Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. lisquire was committed, That they had made One Amend- Mr. Crazrford, - Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir Tho. Hales, ment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report. Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Masham; and all the Merchants to the House; which lie read in his Place $ and alter- of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table f Where the same. pjve a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-agreed unto by the House. mittee, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill,

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Bill be that the Company trading to the Levant may have the adjourned until Thursday Morning next. same Liberty to import Silk.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- An ingrossed Bill for importing into Thrown1 Ditto,

ing next, proceed to the reading the ingrossed Bills relating Silk, of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorne to the Irish Forfeitures the Third time; and afterwards in Italy, was read the Third time, to the taking the Reports of such of the Bills as have Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

been committed, and shall be ready to be reported. be, An Act for importing into England Thrown Silk,

of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorne in'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Italy.

Morning, Nine a Clock. Ordered, That Sir Rate land Gwyn do carry the Bill to

-__________ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mercurii, 13° die Mail;

l® Annas Reginas.

Pray ers.

SJHRI STOP HER de Schmettau, James Ball,

Philip Guibert, Nicholas James la Tavernier, Francis Limbourch, Charles Timothy Begnon, Peter Chaigneau, Matthew Chaigneau, Henry Boyer, Jam. Foussat, Jasper Lanalue, Lewis Galabin, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John and Robert Windowe Gentlemen, deceased, upon Trustees, to be sold; and the Purchase-money applied to the Uses therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalizing Daniel Van Ryssen was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalizing Daniel Van Ryssen, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Rozcland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committees, to whom the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures are committed, That they have Power to add sf Clause to con-Vo L. 13.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the gait Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties was* committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of theta were agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, Fo. 8. L. 1. being read a Second time, for leaving out the Clause for *

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ?saac

leners for the xeas,^ShackerltJf.

Tellers for the Noes *Sir Heth DntL Colt>

tellers for the Woes,^Mr Crawley

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, being‘severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Relief of the Fishermen of Sheilds;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for satisfying Drawbacks upon Coffee, Tea, and Cho-; colate;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put' thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another

] 56.

I51-

892

i3° — 14°

A.

1702.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Pilchard Fishing;

The same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended by the House:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for Allowance for prompt Payment of the Duty by Pro* ingrossed. prietors;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for buying Salt by Weight;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put

Clause A being read a Second Time, That the Levant Company, and whom they shall authorize, may import any Sorts of Raw Silk, of the Produce of Turkey or Persia;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Ashunt'i to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Sir ^ief'

Ashurst Knight, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Wandedorfi thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of Clause to the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth the Bill. Wandesf and her Daughter: . A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for a And the said Clause was, by Leave of the House,

Drawback of the Duty upon exporting Salt to Scot- withdrawn. land;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be

brought up;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Persons to be Protestants who shall enjoy the Estate:

Yates,

[Mr.

Mr. Crocker:

14.

5d.

Tellers for the Yeas,

' TeUers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for an* Allowance of the Duty for Salt lost:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Ashurst's

Relief.

Duty on Sale of Joint Stock Shares.

Everards

Relief.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Sir William Ashurst, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

And the same was thrice read, with Blanks; which wore filled up by the House:

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added, as a Rider, against letting the Estate to Papists:

And the same was thrice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Elizabeth , and

Elizabeth Foulkes her Daughter by her late Husband Garret Faulks Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Charlotte Talbott, Talbott^ was read the Third time. ReW.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to acquit the Trustees of the Rents of the Estate;

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to -be made Part of the Bill;

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

The same were, upon the Question severally put

upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon buying, selling, or thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as tbl bargaining for, Shares in any Joint Stocks of Corpora- l°w i viz, tions.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Sir Rednumd Everard, an Infant, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

tialiM

Thrown

Silk.

Jovis, 14* d; i* Annce Regime.

Praters.

COLONEL Zee reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown Silk was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, all of them, except Clause A, agreed unto by the House.

Pr. a. L. 23. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths;" and, after " Allegiance," to insert " and Supremacy."

L. 35. to leave out " Oath," and insert

" Oaths."

L. 38. the same Amendment.

Pr. 3. L. 7. the same Amendment.

L. 17. the same Amendment.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Charlotte Talbott, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax1 do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Maurice Annesley Anneeleyk Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause being offered, as a Rider, for Saving of others Rights;

The same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Maurice Annesley Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered,

Irish

Forfeitures.

Lsvallin's

Relief.

Molony'*

Relief.

Nugent's

Relief.

ViScoontest

Falkland's

Relief.

i Ann. 140 Mali. 893

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to recompense Philip Socage Esquire for the Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to recompense Philip Savage Esquire for the Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 28. after " Allegiance," insert " and Supremacy "

L, 38. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths."

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Jane ,with relation

to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Dennis Gentleman, wrs read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

The' same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

P. 3. L. 13. to leave out " Oath," and insert

Oaths:" and, after "Allegiance," to insert " and Su-

u 0

premacy.

24. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths."

L. 27. the same Amendment*

L. 36. the same Amendment

Pr. 5. L. 34. the same Amendment.

L. 36. the same Amendment

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gentlemen, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir John Bollcs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Edward Nugent, of Donore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made ' to the Bill;

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

viz.

Pr. 3. L. 39. after " Allegiance," to insert " and Su- premacy."

Pr, 4. L. 7. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths."

L. 10. the same Amendment L. 19. the same Amendment L. 28. the same Amendment . Pr.6. L. 3 5. the same.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Eduard Nugent Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess Falkland to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation

VOL. 13.

to a Mortgage upon the Estate of Patrick Sarsfeild i

Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 14. to leave out " House of Commons," and insert " Petition;" and after " having," insert "in."

I. 15* after " Parliament," insert " been;" fend after " considered," to leave out " the said Petition " of the said Rebecca Viscountess ."

Pr. 3. L. 17. after " Allegiance," to insert " and " Supremacy."

L. 28. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths."

L. 31. the same.

Arid the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for inlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess Falkland, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to a Mortgage upon Part of the said Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief o Ellis Esquire, Elli*' Rilirf. with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, w as read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 13. to leave out " First," and to insert " Tenth."

L. 25. after " Two," to insert " or."

L. 28. before " and, " to insert " and Supre-

" macy."

L. 38. to leave out " Oath," and insert

" Oaths."

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,;

An Act for the Relief of John Ellis Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for thfe Relief of- Captain Wolseley'*

and other Protestant Lessees of the private Estates in Iteliei. Ireland, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

viz.

Pr. 3. L. 11. leave out from " thereon," to " and, "

Line 17.

L. 31. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths;" and, after " Allegiance," to insert " and Supremacy."

L. last, to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths."

Pr. 5. LJast, after " aforesaid," to insert " Act."

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,-An Act for the Relief of Captain Richard JVolseley, and other Protestant Lessees in Ireland,

Ordered, That Mr. Dolbendo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed to the reading the Residue of the ingrossed Bills, relating to the Irish Forfeitures, the Third time; and, afterwards, to the taking the Reports of such of the Bills as have been committed, and shall be ready to be reported.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Reports Everanfi* from the Committee, to whom the Bills for the Relief of to S Sir

Raising the

IftenovafTs, &c. Nat.

Raising the Militia.

Salt Duties.

894 140 — 150 Mali. A, i -jo %

Sir RedmondEtcrarJ, an Infant; and for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John ICapas Esquire; were committed; be adjourned till Saturday Morning ne*t.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Moving, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Mouth's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tp-ifl.orrpyv Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 15* (lie } Prirno Annas Regin bb.

Prayers.

J MATEUR Bouchereau took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Betiovad, John and other?,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gwynne, Mr. Colchester, Lord Payiet, Sir Roteler, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Sir Bradshaw, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Clarke, Sir Walter Vpung, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Sir Hen. Dutt. Colt, Sir IVm. Masters, Mr.

St. Loe, Sir Jos. Jekill, Mr, Mount ague, Sir Sir William Ashurst, Sir Alex. Rigby, Mr. , Air.

Crow, Sir Nath. Napier, Sir Robe Clayton, Mr.

Sit Henry Ashurst, Mf. Bere, Mr. Topham, Mr. BUiokc, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Bridges, Sir Jos. Trtdenham, Lord Hyde, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Choindey, Mr. Brewer, AJr. ftfitford, Sir Eefw. Turner, Mr. Carter, Mr. Farrar, Mr. Botelcr, Mr. Alp,

Chace, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Tredenha\n :Apd they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Jo whom the Bill is committed, That they do inquire into the Ability and Condition of the Persons named in the said Bill \ 40a report the same to the House j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers 'far Ufa Teas.|

Tellers far tire Noes| f*-:

So it passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Months Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gecyn took the Chair of the Coipmjtfo^,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gxoyn reported from the said Committee, That they bad made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill.

Pr. 8. L. after "that," to insert " for all Salt which *‘ shall be exported

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

T.csolvtd, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide he, An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt; and for the better Payment of Debentures at the Custom-house.

Ordered, That Mr- Conyers dp carry the Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence foerepntp*

The House, according to Order, proceeded so take Aihum'i into Consideration the Amendments, ipja.de by the Lords, R«l»ef. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for foe Relief of Sir WiHyim Ashurst Knight, with relation tj> the forfeited Estates ip Ireland.

And the same being read, are ps follow;

1 Skin, 1 L. from " Whereas," leave put to "

" and Anne Dalton," in the 8th Line,

i o L. instead of " the said Petitioner," read " Sir William Ashurst Knight, Ope of fop Aldermen of " foe Cky of London."

16 L. instead of " Petitioner," read " Sir Wll- liam Aslufrpt ."

20 L. for " Petitioner," read " Sir William

" Ashurst."

28 L. for " Petitioner should," read Sir Wilham Ashurst wifi."

29 L- leave out fh#p " Relief," to " may," in the 1 ith Line of the 2d Skip.

The First Amendment befog read a Second time;

And Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with fop Lord? so foe ?a>d Amendment;

The House divided*

The Yeas go forfo.

Tellers for the J}j;

Teller? for the Noes,^-r* Mnnlfyi

77-

Mr. fipyes.

So It passed in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Amendments, befog severally read a Second tipi*, were, upon foe Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Rfnylfwd Gxvyn dp carry she Bill to the Lords, and acqqfont fopfti, that fojs House hath agreed to the said Amendment?*

The House, according tp Order? resolved itself into a Duty on SA Conjniittee of the whoie House, tp consider further erf foe of Joint Bill for laying a Pujy upon buying, spiling, or bafgafoing Stoc for, Shares ip apy Joint Stocks of (Jprppratjpns.

Mr. Speaker left foe Chfor.

Mr- Conyers, topk foe Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed foe Chajr.

Mr. Conyers reported from foe said Committee, That they had made some Proceeding? upon foe Bill; and had directed him tp move, That they may have Leave tp sit again.

Resolved, That thip House wifi, upon Mondqy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, tp consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Estate gi« whom foe Bill for foe better Discovery of all Lands, and to suf*n4> other Revenues, given to Popish superstitious Uses j and houslwi. for applying foe same for the Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; was committed; be made upon Tuesday Aloraing next

And then foe House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

i Ann

16° Mail.

*95

Sabbat i, 16* die i* Anne Regiue.

Praters.

friTtiaer*. A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Rickard

iV Ilolfordand Mr. Put:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Insolvent An ingroesed Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for

Debtors. Debt, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for mm tinning die Intj- Counter*!, prison inept of# Counter, apd. others, for the horrid &c. impri-Conspiracy so assassinate die Person of his late Saor-ed *oomenl* Majesty King Ifiliiaw the Third; without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for hnpoHtkig into Italian England Thrown Silk, at the Growth of Sicily, from the Thrown Port of Ugbarne, in wfcto# af*y Amendments. bllk*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lord*, Privateer*, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers, be taken Hite Confederation upon Monday Morning next.

The Clause, in the Act of ft fop forfeited Irish

Estates and Interests iti Pektud, rearing to fop Who and forfeiture*. Children of foe late Lpfd Kerww, bning reed 5 The Trustees were call§d ip, so refetiun so«reufttft.

Ordered, That Leavf bt given to offer p Clause for explaining the said Clause, relating to foe PrpfpetWlt Children of the Me Loffl

3. Trant's A Petition of the Lady Fitzgerald was presented to Jtcli«h tt]C House, and read; relating to the Bill for making Provision for the Family of John Trant, eldest Son and Heir of Sir Patrick Irani, deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum, out of the Estate, to the Publick.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom foe said Bill is committed.

Railing the Sir Rowland Grcyn, according to Order, reported from

Militia. the Committee of foe whole House, to whom the Bill for raising foe Militia for the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where foe same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon tire Questio# severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was ottered, to be added to foe Bill, to oblige Agents of the Army to account:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up by foe House:

And, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto by foe House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

Accounts of Ordered, That foe Commissioners of Accounts, who Agents. are to examine and state the Accounts of the Army, and Prizes, do, upon Monday Morning next, lay before this House an Account of the Names of such Agents, or Officers, who have neglected, or refused, to bring in foeir Accounts before foe satd Commissioners, pursuant to their Orders.

Italian An ingrossed Bill for the Importation of fine Italian

Thrown Silk. Thrown silk, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for foe Importers to make Oath of what they import:

And the Clause was thrive read; and, upon foe Qupsr tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of foe Bill.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And foatfoe Title bg, An Act for the Importation of tine Italian Thrown Silk.

Ordered, That Colonel Lee do carry the Rill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from fog Lnfde, by M*y£fay wd Mr-Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lortjf hij.yp §grppf) to foe Rill, ifUifoled> An Act Continuing, for the continuing the present Sheriffs iq Pftgfojd sod Sheriffs on tVales until foe pifst Day of Hilary Term R£>vf, unless Acc h ot her Majesty shall foink fit tp determine |hpm sooner, UBe* without any Aippncjiuiante: And fflcp,

To foe Bill, ipfouled, An Act for naturalising Daniel RysMn't Van Rysseti, end others, without any Amendments: And Nat. also,

To foe Bill, intituled, An Act for tim Relief of Su- Smith'* sannaSmith, with relation tp foe forfeited Estate* in Rekefc Ireland, without any Amendments.

And then foe Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Dill for the Relief of Stephen Roy, by Fox'* allowing him a for ther Time to make and enter his Claim Relief, before foe Trustees for fop forfeited Estates ip Ireland, was read fop Third time.

An Amendment was propped to be made to foe Bill;

Press L.# to hymn foe taking fog Oath of Suprer macy:

And the same was, upon foe Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and foe Rill amende^ at foe Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pgss; apd that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Tirpe for Sir Stephen Fox Knight, to make his Claim before foe Trustees for fop forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry foe Bill tp tli§

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereuqtp.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Cathpme Harris, Harri/ alias Fife, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was R*he£.

read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to bp made to the Bill:

Press 2. Line 39. after " Allegiance,r tq insect " and u Supremacy:"

And foe same was, upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at fot Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Rilf de pa$s: And that foe Title be, An Act for foe Relief of Catharine Harris, alia#

Kyfc, wifo relation tp foe forfeited Estates in

Ordered, That Mr- Dolben do carry the Bill to fo$

Lords, and desire their Concurrence tfiereunto.

A Message from foe Lord?, by Mr- Qery and Mr* Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Jew* Wrote*- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ap Act tant Chill to oblige the Jews to maintain, and provide for, fopfe Pro? ^rea‘ testant Children, without any Amendment*: And also,

Vol. 13.

Ordered, That Me- Bridges have Leave Ip make a Prote»tfi»t Motion, relating to foe forfeited Effetes in Ireland i it Purchasw bejpg^erTwa. Clock. £££*'*

And Mr. Bridges madf foe Motion accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be givep to offer a Pause, upon the Third reading foe Bill for foe Relief of foe Protestant Purchasers of foe forfeited Estates in they

Joying*

O Briens Relief.

Mitchell's

Relief.

Lord Havcr-tham's. Relief.

896 16° — iW Mali. 170

paving for the same, the respective Purchases therein mentioned; for the Encouraging the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and quieting the Minds of Purchasers.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

And an. ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, relating to the Oath of Supremacy;

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to quiet the Minds of Persons relating to the forfeited Estates:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That but One Cabin shall be lett to One Man; and that the Act-shall be a publick Act.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks;*and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And tfieu several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; which were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; which are as follow; viz.

Pr. 4. L. qo. before " that," to insert " and Between 21 and 22 L. to insert "and the said other " Third Part, further allowed by this Act."

P. 5. L. 14. after " Pounds, the same Amendment.

L. 36.-40 leave out " O^th," and insert " Oaths and, after " Allegiance," to insert "and Supremacy."

P. 7. between L. 35 and 36. to insert " Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, and other Things thereunto " belonging."

P. 10. L. 24. to leave out " Oath," and insert " Oaths and, after " Allegiance," insert " Supremacy."

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titld be, An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for the Encouraging the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland j and quieting the Minds of the Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Catharine O Brien Widow, and her Children, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, by inserting " Oaths" for " Oath," in several Places; and inserting "Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, " GJebes, and other things thereunto belonging."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Catharine O Brien Widow, and her Children, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolhcn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and^desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esquire, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time. 44

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Esquire,'

with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of John Lord Haver-sham, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Time for John Lord Haver sham to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Blank do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morn- irl,h Fq,. ing nixt, proceed in the further Consideration of the tenure*. Reports of the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, which have been already made; and afterwards to the Taking of the Residue of the Reports of the Bills, which have been committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luncp, 18* die

l* Aunne Reginae.

PRAYERS.

SIR Hen. Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Bacalon'v to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, See. Nat. An Act for the naturalizing Thomas St. dt Bacalon,

Joseph de Laxniay, Alexander de de Fourneaux, and others, was committed, Tut they had made several Amendments to the Rill;-which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Wheretiie same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; ami upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 2 5. leave out " Isaac Son of Peter

" Paifcrie by Jane his Wife, born at I)urns, in GuienneJ L. 27. leave out " Peter Dejoussat, Son of " Daniel Dejoussat by Susanna his Wife, born at Roscnt " in Guienne."

Press 4. L. 11. after " France," insert " Charles Lepointelle. Son of Charles Brunett by Ilenriette his " Wife, born at Rochelle, in France; Peter de Maigron,

" Son of Lewis Maigron by Mary his Wife, born at Kimes in the Province of LanguedAlbert Le Blanc,

" Son of Antony Le Blanc, by Catharine his Wife, born "at Maniege, in the Province of; Abel de

" Castelfrank, Son of Adrian de by Rachel

his W ile, born at Castres, in the Province of " doc, in France; John de ChanrfturySon of Ilector de " Champftury by Phyllis his Wife, born at A ions,

" in the Province of Dauphine, in France; Henry de " Foubert, Son of Solomon de Fou by Magdalene his

" W'ife, born in Paris, in FranceDavid Francis Goudot, Son of John James Goudot by Susanna his Wife,

" born at Keuchatel, in Swesherland; John EspinasseDe

" Fonvite] Son of Henry Espimtsse De Fvnvive by JohanvabssWrife, born at Fonviue, in Pericord, in France;

" Stephen Des Gulhon, Son of SteDes Gulhon by

" Mary his Wife, born at St. John Du Bruel, in the " Province of Languedoc, in France; la,

" Son of Jonas de la Conde by Susanna his Wife, born " at Paris, in France; Philip Rose, Son of Thomas " Rose by Esther his W'ife, born at Caen, in Normandy;

" Abraham Bruniquel, Son of James by

" his Wife, born in La Caze, in the Province of " doc, in France; Lewis Pasquerau, Son of Lewis Pasquerau by Magdaleinc his Wife, born at Tours, in the

" Province of Tourt tine, in France."

L. 19. leave out " King's," and insert " Queen's."

Pr. 4. L. 37 and 38. leave out " Paifcrie, and.

" ' Peter de Foussat."

Pr. 5. L. 8. after " Vezian," insert "

" telle, Peter de Maigron, Albert de Blanc, Abel de " Castle frank, John de Champflury, Henry de " David Francis Goudot, John Espinasse de,

" Stephen des Gulhon, Lewis de la Conde, Philip Rose,

" Abraham BruniqueU, Lewis Pasquerau."

L. &3 and 34. leave out " Isaac Paiferie, Peter de " FOuisatr -

Pr. 6#

Windham*

E*Ute.

Windowe*#

Estate.

Everard'i

Relief.

Raising the Militia.

Mapat'

Relief.

Yernoti's

Relief.

Viscountess

Falkland's

Relief.

i Ann.

8° Ma

Pr. 6. L. 4. after " Vezianf insert " Charles " telle, Peter de Maigron, Albert Le Blanc,

tel)rank, John de Cluvnpflury, Henry de Foubert, David " Francis de Goudot, John Espinassede Stephen

" desGulhon, Lewis de la Philip Rose, Abraham

" Bruni quell, Lam Pusquerau."

L. 41. leave out " Isaac Paiferie, Peter De " Foussat."

Pr. 7. L. 12. after " Vezianinsert " Charles M telle, Peter de Maigron, Albert Le Blanc, Abel de Cas-

(itel)rank, John de Champflury, Henry de Foubert, David " Francis Goudot, John E Fonxive, Stephen " Des Gulhon, Lewis de la Conde, Philip Rose, Abraham " Br uniquel I, Lewis Pasquerau."

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Duttmi Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rebecca JPindham to sell and dispose of an Kstate, late Sarah Verdons, in the County of Norfolk, was l ead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of and Robert Gentlemen, deceased, upon Trustees, to be sold, and the Purchase-money applied to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without uny Amendments.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Bill for the Relict of Sir Redmond Everard, an Infant.

Resolved, That the Blanks in the Bill, which were postponed, be tilled up with the Sum of Two thousand Pounds.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, notwithstanding the Alonth's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Bill for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John Mapas.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hoi ford and Sir William Lacon Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Mary Vernon, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time to Rebecca Viscountess Falkland, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to enter her Claim, before the Trustees for the for-.

Vo t. 13.

feited Estates in Ireland, to a Mortgage uston Part of the said Estate, without any Amendments: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act to recompense Philip frish Savage Esquire for the Charge of Outlawries, and at- 1 orieiturei. tending the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of John Ellis'

Ellis Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in belief. Ireland, without any Amendments: And also.

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Nugent's ward Nugent Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates delict, in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Dennis Mollnny's Mollony Gentleman, with relation to the forfeited Estates Kellef\ in Ireland, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Mr. Farrer, from the Commissioners for examining Accounts of1 and taking the publick Accounts of the Army, and for Prize Agents. Prizes, presented to the House an Account of the Names of the Agents, and other Persons, concerned in stating the Accounts of several Regiments, and Garisons, of the Army.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Privateers, into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And the same were read the First time; and are as follow; viz.

3 Skin, 18 L. after " allow," add the Proviso marked

A.

A: " Provided nevertheless, That, in case any Ship or " Vessel shall be chased, or driven, into any of her Majesty's Ports, Havens, Rivers, or Creeks, by any Privatecr, or Privateers, and be there taken, that then " such Privateer or Privateers shall be deemed the Capfor thereof, as if he or they had taken the same upon " the open Seas."

5 Skin, 41 L. instead of " Moiety," read "Third."

6 Skin, 1 L. instead of " Moiety," read "Two-thirds."

4 L. after " forfeited," insert " One Moiety " thereof to be to the Informer, and the other Moiety."

10 Skin, and 5 L. instead of " Register, Marshal,

and Crier," read " and all the other Officers."

24 L. after " fit," add Clauses marked B, C,

and D.

B: " And, for the better preventing hereafter the " colouring the Goods of Enemies, and the carrying on " a Trade for the Benefit of those in Enmity with hef Majesty, under the Name of neutral Princes and States,

" and their Subjects, to the Disadvantage of her Majesty, and her Allies; Be it enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That, from and " after the First Day of September One thousand Seven " hundred and Two, if any Ship or Vessel, during the " present War, belonging to any neutral Prince or State,

" or their Subjects, bound to, or returning from, France.

" or Spain, and trading with the Subjects and Inhabitants of the said Countries, or either of them, or w'ith " any Prince or State hereafter in War with the Crown " of England, shall lie met with at Sea, not having then " on board a Charter-party for the said Voyage, according to the Custom of the Seas, by any of her Majesty's Men of War, or Ship having Letters of Marque " from the Lord High Admiral of England, or any Vessel " lawfully impowered to take from the Enemy, such " Ship or Vessel shall and may be seized as lawful " Prize; and, for Defect of such Charter-panty, with " her Goods and Effects, for that Reason only, be condemned for Prize in the Court of Admiralty, and disposed of, according to the other Provisoes and Limitations made in this Act."

C: " Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted

10 T " by

898 18° Mail. 1702.

u by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master of any " Ship or Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever, that " shall he taken by the Enemy, shall purchase the afore*

" said Ship or Vessel from the Enemy, on Penalty of " having the aforesaid Ship and Goods forfeited, Onethird Part thereof to the Queen's Majesty, and Twothirds thereof to such Person or Persons who shall discover the same: And if any of her Majesty's Men of War, or Privateers, shall seize such Ship or Vessel,

41 forfeited as aforesaid, the Captains or Commanders of " her Majesty's Men of War, or Privateers, shall have of her Majesty's Part, and the Informer or Informers 4< the other."

D: " Whereas, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year 4tof the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and " Navigation, it is, among other things, provided, That " no Goods or Merchandizes shall be loaden or carried u from one Part of England to another, in any Ship or u Vessel whatsoever, whereof Three-fourths of the Mariners, at least, shall not be English, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Goods as shall be loaden, or carried, in any such Ship or Vessel, together with... Ship or " Vessel, and all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel: And whereas, during the present " War with France and Spain, the Number of English Seamen, which arc necessary for the publick Service on board " her Majesty'9 Royal Navy, will be so great, as not to " leave enough for the Accommodation of the Coast " Trade, in that Proportion required by the said Act;

" whereby the great Cities, and other Parts of this Kingdom, may happen to want their Supply of ordinary " Stores, and necessary Provisions, unless some other Care " be taken: Be it therefore enacted and declared, by the " Authority aforesaid, Thatso much only of this last mentioned Act, as concerns the Number and Proportion of " foreign Seamen, thereby limited to sail in English Ships,

" shall be dispensed with; and is hereby thus far dispensed " with, so as it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or " Owners of any Ship or Vessel, English-built, and belonging to the Subjects of England, and whereof the " Master is an Englishmen, to navigate the said Ship or " Vessel on any coasting Voyage, from one Part of this " Kingdom of England to any other Part of the same, or " the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon " Tweed, with as many foreign Seamen as the Master or " Owner thinks fit, during the present War with France " and Spaine, and no longer; any tiling in the said Act " contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

10 Skin, 46. L. for " Three*" read " One."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a 5e-cond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to he offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Sir Musgrave, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Moore, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir John Bolls, Mr. King, Mr. Scohell, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Dormer, Lord Edw. Russell, Mr. For, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Clark, Mr. Corny 11s, Lord Coningsby, Sir Walter Young, Mr. 7.re, Mr. Manley, Co-

lonel Byerley, Mr. Foley, Colonel Colchester, Sir Jos.

'J'redenham, Mr. Trei/enhum; and all of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

r.radjlnuv's Mr. Moore reported from the Committee, to w hom the kehef. Rill for the Relief of Cas Esquire, by giving him longer Time to prosecute his Claim entered before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to re|X>rt to the House; which he read in Ins Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read through-

out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingros6ed.

A Message from the Lords/ by Sir Richard Ilolford Co ires pen-and Sir William Lacon Child; with

Mr. Speaker, *"""*

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, in relation to the preventing all Correspondence with France and Spain.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to meet the Lords Conference, at a Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Cha. Hedger, Mr. Burnaby, Sir Rowland Mr.

Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ogle, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Walter Young,

Mr Palmes, Mr. Brener, Colonel Granville, Mr.

the Lord Hyde, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Chris. Hales, Sir J ho.

Littleton, Sir John Holland, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Dormer, Sir John Bulks, Sir Jos.

Jekyll, Mr. Smith, Colonel Lee, Mr. Ccesar, the Lord Spencer, Mr. Pagit, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported the Conference; and that it was managed by the I^ord Privy Seal; who acquainted them, That the}- have, for the preventing all Correspondence with France and agreed upon an Address to her Majesty: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the said Address, being read, is as follows; viz.

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects# the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to represent to Your Majesty, as our Opinion, that nothing will more contribute to the effectual carrying on the just and necessary War, w herein You are engaged; to the interrupting the Trade of Your Enemies; to the depriving them of intelligence; and reducing them to the greatest Streights; than an intire Prohibition of all Correspondence with France and Spain, on the Part of the Allies: And we do therefore humbly advise Your Majesty, That You would be pleased, so soon as may be, to engage the Emperor, the Mates General, and Your other Allies, to join with Your Majesty in prohibiting, in the strictest manner, and under the severest Penalties, all Intercourse by Letters, or otherwise, between the Subjects of Your Majesty, and Your AHies, and the Subjects of France and Spain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report he adjourned talll Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Bollcs reported from the Committee, to whom j, Trant'* the Bill for making Provision for the Family of John Relief. Trant, eldest Son and Heir of Sir Patrick ,deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum out of the Estate to the Publick, was committed, That they bad made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom spencer'* the Bill for the -Relief of William Spencer Esquire, Relief-with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was committed.

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read 10 throughout;

Committee to draw up Heatons lor Conference.

Pluncket'a

Relief.

Spring's

Itelirf.

i Ann* i8° — \of Mali. 899

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with an Amendment

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Lady Ktnmart shall have the Benefit of all Grants made from the late King William and Queen Mary to, or in Trust for, the Use, Benefit, and Subsistence, of her the said Lady, and her Children, as well for all Arrears, as the growing Payments, of such Graots, Provisions, or Appointments:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be engrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 19* die Maii; i° Annas Reginas.

Praters.

MR. Gulston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Francis Gentle-

man, and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the Forfeitures, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read througliout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with respect to their real Improvements, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in tit the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, relating to the Churches at Portarlington, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " Service," these Words, " according to the Usage " of the Church of England:"

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas} 5>-

Tellers for the Noes J 68.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, Clause A.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, for a School at Middleton;

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause wfls offered, to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the Countess of:

o

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill*

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of Sir John Dillon:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Yeasfsf/^"- } 74.

Telle* for the Noes} 57-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause Was brought up; and twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth;

Tellers for the Yeas^ } 54-

fr ii c l xt f Sir Jos. Tredaiham, \ -

Tellers for the Noes,£ Gulston: $ 46‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time To- morrow Morning, after Twelve a Clock.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee ap- Privateer*, pointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

That the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers, doth alter several Duties granted to the Crown; and doth likewise dispose of several Sums of Money arising therefrom, and of other publick Monies:

The Commons do therefore disagree to all your Lordships Amendments to the Bill: For the Altering of Duties, and the Granting and Disposing of all publick Monies, is the undoubted Right of the Commons alone, and an essential Part of their Constitution.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments. desired witt

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn, do go to the Lords, 1 *'

and desire the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Sir William Lacon Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Countess for the Relief of Thomas Earl of Limerick, of the King- of Limerick* dom of Ireland, and Euphemia Countess Dow ager of Limerick, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Protestant Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the for- Purchasers feited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments. futures ^or*

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the nature- &c. Nat. ' lizing Thomas St. Leger de Boacolon, Joseph de Lawnay,

Alexander de Raquet Fourneaux, and others.

Th«

900

Italian The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

1 brown silk. Act for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown Silk, without any Amendments.

IVotseley's The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lieUtf. Act for the Relief of Captain Richard and other

Protestant Lessees, in Ireland, without any Amendments. Mitchell's The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lteliel. Act for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esquire, in relation to the forfeited Estates in without any Amend*

ments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Correspond- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into ence with Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords

fiance. Yesterday, touching the Address to her Majesty:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made in the Address; viz.

L. 3. to fill the Blank with " and Commons And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

l jO 2.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, at the End of the Address, " and that Your Majesty will graciously.....to take such

" Methods in Concert with the States General of the " United Provinces, as may most effectually secure the " Trade of Your Majesty's Subjects, and Your Allies,

" from the French Privateers

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The Account from the Commissioners of Accounts Accounts of Yesterday being read; Price Ajtntt.

The same is as followeth; viz.

190 Mali,

The Names of the Agents, or such other Persons, who, as far as we can be informed, are concerned in the stating the Accounts of the several Regiments, and Garisons, following, humbly presented to the Honourable House of Commons, by the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, &c. this 18th Day of May 1702, in pursuance of their Order of the 16th Instant.

AGENTS, &c.

Mr. Wm. Wallis, Mr. Ja. Cor Mr. Brerewood -

Mr. Edward Gibbon Mr. William

Not known

Mr. William Formes, Mr. John Wilks - Mr. Wm. Graham, and Captain ..

Lieutenant Cole, by Order of Sir D. Colt, Extr.

Mr. John Mercer ——

Mr. John Acton ——

Mr. Alexander Stevenson -

Captain Richard Kana ——

Mr. Ephraim Dawson, and Mr.....-

Mr...Curtis, and Mr. John Wilks -

Mr. Ephraim Dawson - -

Mr. lien.St. George, and Captain.Wilson

Mr. John Pam - -

The Colonel ——

Mr. Robert Seaton, and Lieutenant Colonel . Scott Mr. John Iiarnaby - -

Mr. John Paine ——

Captain Isaac Guyquet St. Eloy -

Mr. Wm. Hamilton, and Mr. Robert Seaton

Mr. Archibald Hutchinson -

Mr. John i'Bilks ——

Mr. William!Tallis, Samuel Corbett, and Peter Ellers Mr. // m. Wallis, Mr. James Moyer -Till*. I Em. Hadis, Mr. Wm.

Mr. Wm. Formes ——

Major IF hit head ——

Mr. John Wilks, and Mr. John Paine -

Mr. John Acton -

Lieutenant Colonel Broughton, Mr. Fra. Williamson Captain Wilson ——

Mr. David Cambell ——

Not known

Mr. Mil....

Captain . Sylver -

Bonham Strangreayes Esquire, Governor Mr. John Mercer - -

Not known

Regiments and Garisons whose Accounts are not brought in.

HORSE.

Earl of Oxford.

DRAGOONS.

Earl of Essex's.

Colonel Ross's.

Colonel Ecklyn's.

FOOT.

Colonel Brudenell' %

Colonel' Bochan's.

Colonel Colt's.

Colonel Gibson's.

Lord Cutis's former Regiment Lord Strathnavers.

Colonel White's.

Colonel Michelbome's.

Earl of Drogheda's.

Colonel Creighton's.

Sir Matth. Bridgess.

Sir Hen. Bellasys's.

Colonel Colenbine's.

Regiment of Scotts Guards.

Sir Cha. Hara's Fuziliers.

Brigadier Fairfax's.

Sir BevilGranvill's.

Colonel Geo. Hamilton's.

Colonel Holt's.

Major General Steuas. Brigadier Trelawny's.

Colonel Tidcomb's.

Brigadier Tiffins.

Brigadier Ha timer's.

Colonel Gustav as Hamilton's.

Colonel Coote's.

Marquis Puissar's.

Colonel Fox's.

Brigadier Ingoldbys.

Lord Lome's.

4 Companies at New York.

GARISONS.

Guernsey.

St. James Park Gunners.

Portland Castle.

Portsmouth.

Isle of White, Lord Cutts Governor.

Agents

t

i Ann

French'*

Rejief.

Gould's

lUlief.

W« Relief.

19° Mali.

901

AGENTS, &c.

Regiments, whose Accounts are given ou( imperfect, and not returned.

Mr. Sargeant

Mr. Francis IFright ——

Mr. Robert Seaton ——

Mr. Ja. Cardonnell, Mr. Brerew and Edward Paun-1

cej'ort Esquire ----- - -J

Mr. Richard Butler, Mr.and Mr. 7

Perryman Mr. Richai'd Whitworth -

-y

Mr. Win. Spencely -

Mr. Peter Gory Mr. Peter Potter - Mr. William Fownes Captain ..... Gardner Mr. James Moyer, Mr.

..... Murray Mr. John Jet on Mr. Tracy Pauncefort

Jenkyns, Lieutenant

HORSE.

First Troop of Guards.

2d Troop of Guards.

Troop of Grenadier Guards.

Duke Schonberg's.

Brigadier Windham.

Earl of Macclesfeild's.

DRAGOONS.

(Colonel Han'cye's, late Major General Lcveson't, (Colonel Lloyd's.

FOOT.

Duke of Bolton's.

Colonel Saundersons.

Colonel St. John's.

Brigadier Selwyn's.

Colonel Brewers.

Sir John Jacob's.

Captain Pitt's Company of Miners.

Regiments Accounts imperfect, and not taken out to correct.

Lieutenant..... Cole ——

Mr. Wm. Wallis, and Mr. John Paine -

Ditto....

Captain Richard Kane ——

S. Atkins,

G. Langton, Tho.

Tho. Lister, Wm. Farrar.

Ordered, That the Agents and Officers, concerned in the Accounts of the Army, do, before the Twenty-fourth of June next, bring in their Accounts to the Commissioners for taking and stating the Accounts of the Army, pursuant to the Directions of the said Commissioners; and, in case of Failure therein, that the said Commissioners do lay before this House, the next Session of Parliament, the Names of such Agents, and Officers, as shall neglect so to do.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, tow hom the Bill for Exempting and Discharging of Arthur French, and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures for the personal Estate of

I riel Barrel Esquire, deceased, was committed. That they had directed him to report it to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Burnaby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Ignatius Gould Merchant, with relation to the forfeited Estates in was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief Hill Esquire, and

.his Wife, by inlarging the Time for putting in their Claim before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace Esquire, was committed, That they had Vol. j;}.

FOOT.

Ix>rd Geo. Hamilton's.

Major General EarCs standing Regiment. Major General Erie's broken Regiment. Colonel Fred. Hamilton's.

made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for the Relief of Thomas Lee Esquire, and others, Executors of John Ilely, and Peter Goodie in Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was tw ice read; and, upon the Question put; thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which

ml,

they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and other Amendments being made by the House to the Bill, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill to reverse an Outlawry against Mr. Charles Trant 10 U w as

Hely's Relief,

Domville's

Relict.

C. Trant a Relief,

A. 170 a.

Churche» in Ireland*

Eustace's

Belief.

Mapas'

Relief.

905 190 — MdiL

was committed, That they had, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Allegations of the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matter relating the reunto to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and acquainted the House, That they had directeil him to report the Bill, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Which Report is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, to whom the Bill to reverse an Outlawry against Mr. Charles pursuant to the

Instructions of the House,..... have examined the Allegations in the Preamble of the Bill.

That Mr. Charles Trant said, He came over from France into England by a Pass, granted by the late King William, in the Month of July One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven; and in August following fell sick of the Small Pox:

And that he produced his Pass, dated the Thnee-and-twentieth April One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven.

Doctor Noland said, He attended the said Mr. 7'rant in his Sickness in August One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, at his Lodgings in the Lady Slanie's House in St. James'.

Lady Slaitie, Mr. Front's Sister, said, She was at the Bath when her Brother first sickened; but had Notice of his Illness in September One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven, when she immediately came to London; but could not see him, because she never had had the Small Pox, and was afraid of catching the said Distemper.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to

whom die Bill for the making the Provision out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the rebuilding Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages, in ,more effec-

tual, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Building a Church at

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the Relief of James Eustace of Yeomans Town, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the adjourned Deliate upon the Bills for the Reversal of the Outlawry of John Mapas; and for making Provision for the Family of John Trant, eldest Son and Heir of Sir Patrick Trant, deceased, upon his paying a certain Sum out of the Estate to the Publick; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Alercurii, 20* die; l* Annas Reginse.

P it A y e tt s.

SI R Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Benovafy to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, &c. N«, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Benovad, John Girard, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him te report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1.5, 16, 17, 18, 19. leave out^ " fliUiam,

" Matthyssen, Son of Joos Mattyssen by Catharine his " Wife, born at Middleburgh in Frederick

" Bodisco, Son of James Bodisco by his Wife, u born at Amsterdam in Holland.'*

L. J3 and 34. leave out " Peter Scrjant, Son of H John Serjantby Mary his Wife, born at the Hague in

" Holland."

Pr. 2. L. 12, 13. leave out " Samuel Esteve, Son of

" Peter Esteve by Rachel his Wife, born at Cast res in

" France."

Pr. 3. L. 19, 20. leave out, " James Philip Moi'eau,

,c Son of Philip Aloreaa by Catha his Wife, bora at

" Rouen, in Normandy."

L. 23, 24, 25. leave out, " John Rene Gibeme,

" Son of Daniel Gibcrne by Susanna his Wife, born at " Fongere in Britanny, in France."

P. 3. L. 31, 32. leave out " Francis Verdier, Son of

" John Verdier by Mary his Wife, born in,

" in France."

P. 6. L. 31, S2,33. leave out " Gerard Spaan, Son of " Antony Spaan by Johanna his Wife, born at Deventer " Over IzeU, in Holland."

P. 7. L. 14,15, 16. leave out " Jacob Constant, Son " of Jacob Constant by Catharine his Wife, born at M Gatnache, in Picardy, France."

L. si, 22. leave out " Lewis Vhne, Son of " Lewis Vtvie by Mary his Wife, born at Paris, in " France."

Pr. 8. L. 4. after " Germany," insert " James Balt,

" Son of Samuel Ball by Catharine his Wife, born at " Cadebush, in the Dukedom of; Genet

u John A ijs, Son of John Nijs by Johanna his Wife,

" born at Zutphenin the Province Fraji-

u cis Limborch, Son of Phillippus Limborch by Cornelia " his Wife, born at Amsterdam in Holland; Philip " bert, Son of Peter Guibert by Margaret his Wife, bora

" at Lyons in France; Nicolas James le Tavernier, Son " of Nicolas le Tavernier by Esther his Wife, born at " Hers le Bell, near Paris in Fran; Peter

" Son of Isaac Chaigneau by Judith his Wife, born at " Barbexieux, i n Xaintonge, France; Matthias Chaigneau,

" Son of Alatthias Chaigneau by Mary his Wife,

" born at Taythourg, in Xantoignc France; Charles " Timothy Baignoux, Son of Timothy by

" Mary his Wife, bora at Portier, in France; Henry

" Boyer, Son of Peter Boyer by Mary his Wife, bora " at Balver, in the Province of Perigord, in France;

" James de Foyssat, Son of Lewis de by Catha-

" vine his Wife, born at Tourncn, in the Province of " Guienne, France; Gaspardla Naive, Son oiGaspardla " Naive by Judith his Wife, born, at in the

" Province of Gumne, in France; Lewis Son

" of John Galabin by Alix his Wife, born in the City of " Orange; Amateur Bouchercau, Son of Elice Bouche«

" reau by Afargaret his Wife, born at in;

u Samuel Ravenel, Son of John by Judith his

" Wife, born at Rennes, in Britan, in France; Abel " Langelier, Son of Abel Langelier by Mary his Wife,

" boro at Rochell;Christopher de Schmettau, Son of 7 " Ernest

i Ann.

Relief.

30® Matt.

9°3

U

Ernest de Schmcttau by Elizabeth his Wife, boru at And several Amendments were made by the House to

Bi'cstau, in Silesia; Jacob (lucent, Son of Michael the Bid, in relation to the Oaths, and the Clause touch-f lucent by Esther his Wife, born at Caen, in Nor- ing Vicarages.

nuindy; and Abraham de Son of Gamaliel de

Magnyby Margaret la his Wife, born at JVtray, in

the Canton of Berne, in Sw

P. S. L. 15, 16. leave out " Ifilliam Matthyssen,

1 Frederick Bodisco."

18. leave out " Peter ."

21. leave out " Samuel Estcve."

26. leave out " James Philip ."

27. leave out " John Rene 41. leave out " Francis

46, 47- leave out " Gerard S." P. 9. L. 2. leave out " Jacob Constant"

3. leave out " Laris

6. after " Decouinun insert "James Baal, Garrett John Nijs, Fra/icis Limborch, Philip Gui-bert, Nicolas James le Ttnrrnier, Peter Matthias Chaigneau, Charles Timothy,

Henry Boyer, James de Four sat, la Naive,

Lexis Galabin, AmateurBouchcrcau, Samuel

Abel Lange/eir, Christopher Schmcttau, Jacob Vin-

cent, Abraham dc Magny."

20. leave out "William Matthyssen, Frederick Bodisco"

23. leave out " P

27. leave out " Samuel Fsteve."

32. leave out " Janus

33. leave out " Joh Pr. 10. L. 5. leave out " Francis

13. leave out " Gerard Spaan" lb. leave out " Jacob .*

17. leave out " Le

21. alter " Duconutn"insert "

Gcrret John Nijs, Francis Limborch, Philip Nicolas James le Tavernier, Peter Matthias Chaigneau, Charles Timothy Baignoux, Henry

Boyer, James dc Foyssat, Caspard le Naive, Lexis Galabin, AmateaurBouchcrcau, Samuel

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be, An Act for the inlarging the Time for Cetsar Bradshaw Esquire to prosecute his Claim before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of William Spencer Spencer* Esquire, with relation to die Irish Forfeitures, was read Relief, the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of William Spencer Esquire, and the Wife and Children of the late Lord of the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland,

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, That lie Conference having, according to tl)e Order of Yesterday, been at with Lord*, the Lords, to desire a'Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to the said Conference; and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage the said Conference:

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Tiie Lord Marquis of Hartington reported the Cofi* ference: And that they had left the Address, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Irish For* That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon the Third feitures. Reading of One of the ingrossed Bills, relating to the Irish Forfeitures, for the making Provision lor the Prd-

Abel Langcleir, Christopher Schmcttau, Jacob Vincent, testant Children of Sir Antony Mullady;

U

Abraham dc Magny."

P. 11. L. 7, 8. leave out " Matthyssen, Fre-

derick Bodisco."

10. leave out "Peter Scrjant."

14. leave out " Samuel Eslcve."

19. leave out "James Philip ."

20. leave out " John Rene Gilbcrne."

35. leave out " Francis Verdier."

Pr. 12. L. 1. leave out "Gerard Spaan."

5. leave out " Jacob Constant."

6. leave out " Lewis Vivie."

1 o. after " Dueomunj insert " James Bell,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f?{r'

Mr. Bere:

Tellers for the Noes $ ieiiersiortneiNocs^Mr 6

tulston:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

s

48.

37.

having,

aC* Privateers —

Sir Rowland Guyn reported, That he cording to the Order of Yesterday, been at the Lords to Conference desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter* of their w‘l1* Lor'ii' Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the £n-

Ger ret John Nijs, Francis Limborch, Philip Guibert, couragcmeilt of Privateers; the Lords do agree to the

Nicolas James le Tavernier, Peter Chaigneau, Mat- said Conference; and appoint the same presently, in the thins Chaigneau, Charles Timothy Baignoux, Henry Painted Chamber.

Boyer, James de Foussat, Gaspard la Naive, Galabin, Amateur Boachereau, Samuel Ravenal, Abel Lange/eir, Christopher Schmetiau, Jacob Vincent, Abraham de Magny."

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Thomas Let Esquire, and others, Executors of Sir Hely Knight, and Peter Goodiein Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read flic Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Thomas Lee Esquire, and others, Executors of Sir John Knight, and Peter Goodwin Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported the Conference: And that they had given the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Sir La con William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salt Duties.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill for preventing of Frauds in the Duty upon Salt; and for

Bradshaw's

Belief

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Casa?' Bradshaw Esquire, by giving him a longer Time to prosecute his Claim entered before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time:

VOL. 13,

the better Payment of Debentures at the Custom-house; without any Amendment: And Also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia Raising tb» for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two, Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendment: And also,

To

Amendments to Addrett.

Masters of . Hoys carrying Provisions.

O Bryen*» Relief.

Talbott's

Relief.

Insolvent Debtors.

Annesle^'s

Relief.

Lord Haver-sham's Relief.

Harris*

Relief.

Fox's Relief.

Irish Forfeitures.

Spring's

Relict'

Rverard*s

Relief.

Irish Forfeitares.

9°4

To the Amendments, made by this House, to the Address sent down by their Lordships; and have sent to her Majesty to know whal Time she will please to appoint for the presenting the same unto her: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, carrying Corn, and other Inland Provisions, within the Port of London, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Catharine O Bryen Widow, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland\ without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Charlotte Talbott, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Maurice Annesley Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland\ without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time for John Lord Haversham to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland\ without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Catharine Harris, alias Kife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time for Sir Stephen Fox to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, w ithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy have Leave to make a Motion, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Third Reading of One of the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, to offer a Rider for the making a Provision of One hundred Pounds per Annum to Peter Fagan, for his Life, out of the Estate late of Richard Fagan his Brother.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Fi'ancis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect of their real Improvements, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect to their real Improvements; and for confirming a Protestant Settlement at Portarlington, and a Charity at Middleton, in the County of Corke; and for Relief of Alice Countess Dowager of Dwghcda, and Sir John Dillon.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Sir Redmond Eve-rard, an Infant, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of Peter Fagan:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause wras offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of Sir Antony Mulladye's Children:

And the same was twice read; and amended:

And then the same was read the Third time; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Sir Redmond Everard, Pttei' Fagan, and the Protestant Children of Sir Antony Mullady, deceased, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon the Third Reading of One of the ingrossed Bills relating

A> 170a.

to the Irish Forfeitures, for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the late Sir Patrick Trant, out of the Estate late of the said Sir Patrick Trant.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon Tram* the Third Reading of One of the ingrossed Bills relating hebu. to the Irish Forfeitures, for making Provision for Payment of all such Debts of the said Sir Patrick Trant, as the said Estate w?erc liable to.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon jjapas. the Reading of One of the ingrossed Bills relating to the Outlawry. Irish Forfeitures, to enable her Majesty, if she think fit, to give Leave to John Mapas to bring a Writ of Error to reverse the Writ of Outlawry against him in Ireland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon the Third Reading of One of the ingrossed Bills relating Outlawry, to the Irish "Forfeitures, to enable her Majesty, if she think fit, to give Leave to Laurence Fitz Gerald, he being within his late Majesty's Proclamation, to bring a Writ of Error to reverse the Outlawry against him in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 21* die Maii;

i# Ann® Regin®.

*1

Prayers. u

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Renor^ for the naturalizing Stephen Benovad, John Girard, &c. U j and others, was read the Third time. 3

And the House being acquainted, That several of the Persons who had passed the Committee, refused to pay their Fees, although of good Ability so to do; viz. Meaurau, Esteoe, Livie, Verdier;

And therefore the House being moved, That the Bill j

might be amended, and those Persons left out of it in the several Places wherein they were mentioned;

The same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And those Amendments were added to the Amendments which were made by the Committee; and agreed unto by the House accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, with some Amendments;

To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon Earl of Car-the Third Reading of One of the ingrossed Bills, relating lingfor<ri to the Irish Forfeitures, for the Relief of the Earl of Carlingford from the Penalty of not paying a Sum of Money upon a Mortgage made to Sir Patrick Trant.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon the Third Reading of One of the said Bills, That her Majesty may, if she think fit, give Leave to Charles Trant to bring a Writ of Error to reverse the Outlawry against the said Charles Trant in Ireland;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Teller, for .1* j 4.

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Thomas Plunckett pim^ Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the Reiki Irish Forfeitures, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, relating to Mr. Mapas:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up:

° V The

20* — 2i° Mali.

[Mr. Brewer, Mr. Price:

22.

i Ann.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdlos for ti* } =4-

So ft was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Rider was brought up; and thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed onto by the House to be made Part of the BO!.

Another grossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, relating to Mr. Fitzgerald:

An i the same was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Racked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Themis Plunkett Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Irthnd: and for impowering her Majesty to grant Writs of Error for reversing the Outlawries against John Mtipas and Laurence Fitzgerald.

Ordered, That ilr. Oidstcn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Loom // iiiam Child:

Mr. Speaker.

i tp- The Lords do arq'mmt this House. That her Majesty's ► to be Pleasure fe. That b»*h Houses do attend Der Majesty with their Address, at Five a Clock this Evening, at St. Jama: And that the Loris intern! to attend at that rime. Also,

The Lords have agree*! to the B3L intituled, An Act I for the Relief of Jane lurcrMht, with reiarkm to the forfeited Estates in Ireland with some Amendments: To which they desire the Cononrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

hT# An ingrossed Bill for Exempting and Discharging of

£ Arthur Frenchr and Sarah hb Wile, from accounting to

the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, for the personal Estate of Irkll Farrell Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

An harassed Clause was offered, as a Rider, in relation to a Debt to the Lady Stapleim, from the late hir Patrick Trout's Estate:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, w ithii awn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, in relation to the Protestant Children of the said Sir Patrick Trani.

Ordered That the said Rider do he upon the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Exempting and Discharging of Arthur French, and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland for the personal Estate of Irkl Farrell, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the KB to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

tift An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Ignatius Gould

* Merchant, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland was read the Third time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for the Relief of Ignatius Gould end his Family, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered That Mr. Burnaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

ra Re£«£. An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of John HM Esquire, and his Wife, by inlarging the Time for putting in their Chum, before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace Esquire, was read the Hard tune.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Protestants to hold Estates:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were titled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, Vol. 13.

9°5

upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed unto by the

House to be made Part of the BOL

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Protestant Tenants to hold their Estates:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled of:

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed onto by the House to be made Part of the B1L

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for exempting Rectories and Vicarages out of the BUI; and for acquitting the Trustees of the Profits of the Estate;

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the BOL

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, being a Saving Clause:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of ?he Bill.

A ootfcer ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, in relation to the Lady Catharine Fitzgerald:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were tilled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be riiade Part of the EiiL

Anether ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the beh*df of Sir Patrick Tract's Protestant Children: And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were tided up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on bebaht of the Lady Stapleton;

And the same was twice read with Blanks: and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended.

And then the Clause was read the Thini rime; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Clauses being ready to be offered to the Bill;

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Man;

l9 Anns Begins.

Prayehs.

1 % TR. Speaker reported. That both Houses did Yes- Answer* lVJL terday present to her Majesty their Address:

TV hereupon her Majesty was pleased to give the gracious Answer following; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I shall propose to the Allies to join with Me in prohibiting all Intercourse and Correspondence with France and Sprint, according to your Desires: And 1 am too much concerned for the pubilck Welfare, to omit any necessary Precautions for the Protection of our Trade.

The House proceeded to the receiving the Clauses of* HUT* Brfarf. fered Yesterday to the Bill for the Relief of John IRS Esquire, and his Wife, by inlarging the Tune for putting in their Claim, before the Trustees, touching a Judgment obtained against Robert Grace.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, in relation to Anne Cornelius:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were tided up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause nos read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the BitL

10 X Another

2i° — 220 Maii.

Privateers.

Vesey's

Relief.

Do m ville's Relief.

Feilds, &c. Relief.

Churches in Ijeiund.

906 Mail. 1702*

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on behalf of the Creditors of Sir Patrick Trant:

And the same was once read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of the Earl of Carling ford:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inlarging the Time for John Hill Esquire, and his Wife, to enter their Claims before the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation to a Judgment against Robert Grace, and the Widow, Protestant Children, and Creditors, of the late Sir Patrick Trant, with relation to the said forfeited Estates; and for the indemnifying the Earl of Carlingford touching Mortgage-money by him ow ing to the said late Sir Patrick Trant.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Guynn have Leave to make a Motion for the Encouragement of Privateers.

A Motion being made, for Leave to be given to offer a Rider, upon the Third Reading of One of the Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, for the Relief of Agmon-desham Vesey Esquire;

Ordered, That the Trustees for the said forfeited Estates be called in; and heard in relation to the Estate claimed by the said Mr. Vesey.

And Mr. Hooper, One of the Trustees, attending;

He w as called in; and heard accordingly.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, for the said Mr. Agmondesham Vesey to be a Purchaser, at a certain Term of Years Purchase, of the Estate claimed by him, and forfeited by Patrick Sarsfeild.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Sir Thomas Dom-ville, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on behalf of the said Mr. Vesey.

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville Baronet, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Price have Leave to make a Motion with relation to the Irish Forfeitures.

And he moved Accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Rider, upon the Third Reading One of the ingrossed Bills relating to the Irish Forfeitures, for the Relief of George Feild and Thomas Brigstock, by enlarging the Time for them to make good their Claim made before the Trustees for the said Irish Forfeitures.

An ingrossed Bill for the making the Provision, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the building Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages, in Ireland, more effectual, w as read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, in relation to Ring's-end.

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause w»as offered, as a Rider, to injoin the Residence of the Clergy in Ireland:

And the same wfas once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be> An Act for making more effectual the Provision, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the Building of Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Celt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of James Eustace, of EusWi Yeomans Towne, with relation to the forfeited Estates in ReW Ireland, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of #

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of Mr. Vesey:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of George Feild and Thomas Brigstock:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made to the Bill, in the Clause for acquitting the Trustees of Rents and Profits.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of James Eustace, of Yeomans Townt, Agmondesham Vesey, George Feild, and Thomas Brigstock, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lavalia, Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ReW An Act for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the same, being once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

11 P. L. 11. after ‘‘Attainder," leave out "alland c< every," and read " could not prosecute her Claim and " Right to."

L. 13. leave out from "seized," to "and," in the 26th Line.

26 L. after "Trustees," leave out "in the " said Act."

L. 30. after " named," leave out to " for,9' in the 32d Line, and insert " in an Act of Parliament,

" made in England in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years " of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for " granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited " and other Estates and Interests in Ireland; and by a " Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein u mentioned."

2 P. 9 L. leave out from " notwithstanding," to " and, " in L. 32. of the same Press.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

o

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Brakha*'* for the inlarging the Time for Ccesar Bradshaw Esquire to prosecute his Claim before the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Tho- Ilely'iB# mas Lee Esquire, and others, Executors of Sir John Hely Knight, and Peter Goodwin Esquire, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments;

And also,

3 To

I*

V

sp

Ie

xtrd's

:f.

cf

>mville's

>Uef.

ustace's

ehef.

lunkett's

elief.

Senovad's kc. Nat,

Spencer'#

belief.

Donaville's Relief.

Eustace's

Relief.

i Ann.

22° — 230 — 25* Mail.

907

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Sir Redmond Evtrard, Peter Fagan, and the Protestant Children of Sir Antony Mullady deceased, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect of their real Improvements; and for continuing a Protestant Settlement ?X Poj'tarling-ton, and a Charity at Middleton, in the County of Cork; and for Relief of Alice Countess Dowager of Drogheda, and Sir John Dillon; without any Amendments.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, TlusCbaji-That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, lalu'

That she wiil be graciously pleased to bestow some Dignity in the Church of Windsor upon Francis Gastrell Doctor of Divinity, Chaplain to this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Brornkf:.

Tellers for the Noes mlpol

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

]65.

h2-

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

till Tp-morrow Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Sabbati, 23* die Mail; i° Anna; Reginae.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Sir La con William Child:

Mr: Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville Baronet, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of James Eustace, of Yeomans Towne, Aug-mondesham Vesey Esquire, George Fcild, and Thomas Brigstock, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Thomas Plunkett Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for impowering her Majesty to grant Writs of Error for reversing the Outlawries against John ‘Mapas and Laurence Fitzgerald, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to, the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Benoxad, John Gerrard, and others. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of William Spencer Esquire, and the W7ife and Children of the late Lord Kenmare, of the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville Baronet, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the same being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

P.4. L. 21. for " Thirteenth," read €t Thirtieth." Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of James Eustace, of Yeomans Town, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the same being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

In Clause B. L. 16. after " Hundred," insert " and " Two."

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the BiH to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment Vo i- 13*.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Address for Majesty, That she will be graciously pleased to give all encouraging necessary Encouragement for making Captures on the CaPtureS; c‘ Enemy; and particularly, that she will grant Commissions and Charters to such of her Subjects as shall endeavour to make Acquisitions in the East or West Indies: with such Directions, Instructions, and Limitations, as her Majesty shall think best in her great Wisdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 25° die Maii; i* Annas Reginae.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Answer to House, That, their Address having been pre- Address, sented to her Majesty, That her Majesty would be graciously pleased to give all necessary Encouragement for making Captures on the Enemy; and particularly, that she will grant Commissions or Charters to such of her Subjects that shall endeavour to make Acquisitions in the East ox West Indies; with such Directions, Instructions, ' and Limitations, as her Majesty shall think best in her great Wisdom; her Majesty was pleased to give Answer,

That her Majesty will take care the Address shall be complied with, so far as it is in her Power.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, That Ditto, their Address, relating to Dr. Gastrell, Chaplain to this House, having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty was pleased to give Answer, That her Majesty, having always a Regard to the Recommendation of this House, will bestow on Dr. Gastrell some considerable Dignity in the Church.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Qoa]d-8 for the Relief of Ignatius Gould, and his Family, with Relief; relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for making moreeffec- church, i» tual the Provision, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, Ireland, for the Building of Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages, in Ireland, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for Exempting and Dis- FrenchV charging of Arthur French, and Sarah his Wife, from Relief, accounting to the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the personal Estate of Irael Farrell, deceased, without any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time Hiirs for John Hill Esquire, and his Wife, to enter their Claims Relief.

before.

po8

before the Trustees for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland\ with relation to a Judgment against Robert Grace; and for Relief of the Creditors of John Gracey and the Widow, Protestant Children, and Creditors, of the late Sir Patrick Irani, with relation to the said forfeited Estates; and for indemnifying the Earl of Carlingford, touching Mortgage-money by him owing to the said late Sir Patrick Trant; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Message to A Message from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, attend tfee Gentleman Usher of the Black Roa:

'Queen. (

1702.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this Honourable House to attend her Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

Where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Royal Am Assent to several publick and private Bills; and afterwards to Bills, to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses,

And afterwards the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, by her Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament prorogue until Tuesday the Seventh Day of July next.

